item 1a.       risk factors.
a wide range of risks may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, now and in the future. we consider the risks described below to be the most significant. there may be other currently unknown or unpredictable factors that could have adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
i-19
risks relating to our business and industry changes in consumer behavior, as well as evolving technologies, distribution platforms and packaging, may negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations our success in the media and entertainment industry depends on our ability to adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption. the ways in which consumers view content, and technology and business models in our industry, continue to evolve rapidly, and new distribution platforms, as well as increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies, have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenue streams.
technological advancements have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and have affected the options available to advertisers for reaching their target audiences. the evolution of consumer preferences towards digital and other subscription services, and the substantial increase in availability of programming without advertising or adequate methodologies for audience measurement, have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, consumers are increasingly using time-shifting and advertising-blocking technologies that enable users to fast-forward or circumvent advertisements, such as dvrs, or increase the sharing of subscription content and reduce the demand for electronic sell-through, dvd and blu-ray disc products. substantial use of these technologies could impact the attractiveness of our programming to advertisers, adversely affecting our advertising revenue. our business also may be adversely affected by the use of antennas (and their integration with set-top boxes or other consumer devices) to access broadcast signals to avoid subscriptions, as well as live and stored video streaming boxes and services, which deliver unauthorized copies of copyrighted content, including those emanating from other countries in various languages.
in response to perceived consumer demand, distributors of programming and program services are continuing to develop alternative offerings for consumers, including svod and other subscription services; fast services; and original content for mobile and social media platforms. also, the impact of technological changes on mvpds may adversely affect our cable networks' ability to grow revenue. if our networks and brands are not included in these offerings and services, or if consumers increasingly favor alternative offerings over traditional broadcast television and cable subscriptions, we may continue to experience a decline in viewership and ultimately demand for our programming, which could lead to lower revenues. these changing distribution models may also impact our ability to negotiate carriage deals on terms favorable to us, thereby having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in order to respond to these developments, we regularly adopt or develop new technologies and consider, and from time to time implement, changes to our business models and strategies to remain competitive, such as our focus on streaming, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully anticipate or respond to these developments, that we will not experience disruption, even as we respond to such developments, or that the new technologies or business models we develop will be as successful as our current technology and business models.
our advertising revenues have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by changes in consumers' content viewership, deficiencies in audience measurement and advertising market conditions we derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a decline in advertising revenues could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
consumers are increasingly turning to "over-the-top" sources for viewing and purchasing content, and an increasing number of companies offer svod and/or fast services, including some that offer exclusive high-quality original programming delivered over the internet. the increasing number of entertainment choices available to consumers has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced the viewing of content through traditional linear distribution models, which has caused, and may continue to cause, ratings declines for broadcast and cable networks. this decline may adversely affect the amount of advertising dollars invested in broadcast and cable networks. although we expect our digital advertising products in both local and national markets (through i-20
direct and automated transactional models) to provide some offsetting benefit, increased advertising investment in digital offerings could adversely affect our advertising volume in linear.
in addition, advertising sales are largely dependent on audience measurement, and the results of audience measurement techniques can vary for a variety of reasons, including the platforms on which viewing is measured and variations in statistical sampling methods used. while nielsen's statistical sampling method is the primary measurement technique used in our television advertising sales, we measure and monetize across over-the-top platforms based on census-based advertising-server data establishing the number of impressions served, combined with third-party data providing demographic composition estimates. multiplatform campaign verification remains in its infancy and is still not measured by any one consistently applied method. while we expect innovation and standards around multiplatform measurement to benefit us as the video advertising market continues to evolve, we are nevertheless partially dependent on third parties to deliver those solutions.
the strength of the advertising market can fluctuate in response to the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, advertisers' current spending priorities and the economy in general or the economy of any individual geographic market, and this may adversely affect our advertising revenues. natural and other disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could lead to a reduction in domestic and international advertising expenditures as a result of disrupted programming and services, uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. in 2020, we experienced a material negative impact on advertising revenues because of weakness in the advertising market as a result of covid-19. our ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on demand for our content, the consumers in our targeted demographics, advertising rates and results observed by advertisers.
our success depends on our ability to maintain attractive brands and our reputation, and to offer popular programming and other content our ability to maintain attractive brands, and to create, distribute and/or license popular content are key to our success and ability to generate revenues. the revenues we generate primarily depend on our ability to anticipate and consistently satisfy consumer tastes and expectations, both in the u.s. and internationally. the popularity of our content is affected by our ability to develop and maintain strong brand awareness and a strong reputation; our ability to target key audiences; the quality and attractiveness of competing entertainment content; and the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities. audience tastes change frequently, and it is a challenge to anticipate what will be successful at any point in time. we invest substantial capital in creating and promoting our content, including in the production of original content, before learning the extent to which it will garner critical success and popularity with consumers. a shortfall in the expected popularity of content we expect to distribute or of sports events for which we have acquired rights, could lead to decreased profitability or losses for a significant period of time. significant negative claims or publicity regarding the company or its operations, products, management, employees, practices, business partners and culture, including individuals associated with the content we create and/or license, as well as our inability to adequately respond to such negative claims or publicity, may damage our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. a lack of popularity of our offerings or damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in a particular period or over a longer term.
increased costs for programming, films and other rights, and judgments we make on the potential performance of our content, may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in tv entertainment and cable networks, we produce a significant amount of original programming and other content and we invest significant resources in our brands, in part with the aim of developing higher quality and quantity of original content, and we also derive a portion of our revenue from the exploitation of our extensive library of television programming. in filmed entertainment, we invest significant amounts in the production, marketing and distribution of films and television series. we also acquire programming, films and television series, as well as a variety of digital content and other ancillary rights such as consumer and home entertainment product offerings, and we pay license fees, royalties and/or contingent compensation in connection with these acquired rights. for example, some of cbs sports' most widely viewed programming, including the masters tournament and nfl games, are made available based on programming rights of varying duration that we have i-21
negotiated with third parties. we also license various music rights from the major record companies, music publishers and performing rights organizations.
our investments in original and acquired programming are significant and involve complex negotiations with numerous third parties, and rapid changes in consumer behavior have increased the risk associated with the success of all kinds of programming. competition for popular content is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay for talent and intellectual property rights, which may result in significantly increased costs. further, increased competition in the market for development and production of original content, particularly from streaming services providers, including our streaming services, increases our content costs. we may be outbid by our competitors for the rights to new, popular programming or in connection with the renewals of popular programming that we currently license. finally, certain of our counterparties and vendors may encounter financial and operational pressures, which could result in increased costs to us or delays in production. as such, there can be no assurance that we will recoup our investments when the content is broadcast or distributed.
our businesses operate in industries that are highly competitive we compete with other media companies to attract creative talent and produce high-quality content, and for distribution on a variety of third-party platforms to draw large audiences. competition for talent, content, audiences, service providers, production infrastructure, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from other broadcast television stations and networks, cable television systems and networks, streaming service providers, the internet and social media platforms, film studios and independent film producers and distributors, consumer products companies and other entertainment outlets and platforms, as well as from search engines, program guides and "second screen" applications. additionally, other television stations or cable networks may change their formats or programming, a new station or new network may adopt a format to compete directly with our stations or networks, or stations or networks might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. further, competition from additional entrants into the market for development and production of original content and streaming services continues to increase.
our ability to obtain widespread distribution on favorable terms, which contributes to our ability to attract audiences and, in turn, advertisers, is adversely affected by the consolidation of advertising agencies, programmers, content providers, distributors and television service providers. this consolidation reduces the number of distributors with whom we negotiate and increases the negotiating leverage and market power of the combined companies. our competitors generally include companies with interests in multiple media businesses that are often vertically integrated, whereas our cable networks business generally relies on distribution relationships with third parties. as more cable and satellite operators, internet service providers, telecom companies and other content distributors, aggregators and search providers create or acquire their own content, they may have significant competitive advantages, which could adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable terms for distribution or otherwise compete effectively in the delivery marketplace. our competitors could also have preferential access to important technologies, customer data or other competitive information, as well as significant financial resources.
this competition and consolidation could result in lower ratings and advertising, lower affiliate and other revenues, and increased content costs and promotional and other expenses, negatively affecting our ability to generate revenues and profitability. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that competition or consolidation in the marketplace will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
because we derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of distributors, the loss of affiliation and distribution agreements, renewal on less favorable terms or adverse interpretations thereof could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations a significant portion of our revenues are attributable to agreements with a limited number of distributors. these agreements generally have fixed terms that vary by market and distributor, and there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future, or renewed on favorable terms, including those related to pricing i-22
and programming tiers. we may also be unable to modify existing agreements with terms that have become less favorable over time. the loss of existing packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities and the loss of carriage or the failure to renew our agreements with any distributor, or renew or modify them on favorable terms, could reduce the distribution of our programming and program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, thereby negatively affecting our growth prospects and revenues from both affiliate fees and advertising. cbs television network provides affiliated television stations regularly scheduled programming in return for the insertion of network commercials during that programming and the payment of reverse compensation. the loss of such station affiliation agreements could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the reach of our programming and therefore our attractiveness to advertisers, and renewal of these affiliation agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect our results of operations.
consolidation among and vertical integration of distributors in the cable or broadcast network business has provided more leverage to these distributors and could adversely affect our ability to maintain or obtain distribution for our network programming or distribution and/or marketing of our subscription services on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. also, consolidation among television station group owners could increase their negotiating leverage. moreover, competitive pressures faced by mvpds, particularly in light of the lower retail prices of streaming services, could adversely affect the terms of our renewals with mvpds. in addition, mvpds and streaming services continue to develop alternative offerings for consumers. to the extent these offerings do not include our programming and become widely accepted in lieu of traditional offerings, we could experience a decline in affiliate revenues.
our revenues are dependent on the compliance of major distributors with the terms of our affiliation or distribution agreements. as these agreements have grown in complexity, the number of disputes regarding their interpretation and even their validity has grown, resulting in greater uncertainty and, from time to time, litigation with respect to our rights and obligations. some of our distribution agreements contain "most favored nation" ("mfn") clauses, which provide that if we enter into an agreement with a distributor and such agreement includes terms that are more favorable than those held by a distributor holding an mfn right, we must offer some of those terms to the distributor holding the mfn right. disagreements with a distributor on the interpretation or validity of an agreement could adversely impact our affiliate and advertising revenues, as well as our relationship with that distributor.
we could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets, fcc licenses and programming we test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including fcc licenses, for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events or circumstances require an interim impairment assessment. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in advertising markets, a decrease in audience acceptance of our programming or films, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms and/or changes in consumer behavior could result in a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible assets, including fcc licenses, which could result in a non-cash impairment charge. any such impairment charge for goodwill, intangible assets and/or programming could have a material adverse effect on our reported net earnings.
risks relating to the merger and other strategic initiatives the integration of the cbs and viacom businesses may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. synergies and other anticipated benefits may not be realized within the expected time frames, or at all.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the businesses of the combined companies in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and achieves projected standalone cost savings and revenue growth trends without adversely affecting revenues and investments in future growth. the failure to meet the challenges involved in combining cbs' and viacom's businesses following the merger and to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger, including expected synergies, could adversely affect the results of operations of viacomcbs. the overall combination of our businesses may also result in material i-23
unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, and loss of customer and other business relationships. the difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others: the diversion of management attention to integration matters; difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including administrative and information technology infrastructure and financial reporting and internal control systems; challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures between the two companies; difficulties in integrating employees and attracting and retaining key personnel, including talent; challenges in retaining existing, and obtaining new customers, viewers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, employees and others, including material content providers, studios, producers, directors, actors, authors and other talent, and advertisers; difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities, financing plans and growth prospects from the combination; difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex company; challenges in continuing to develop valuable and widely accepted content and technologies; contingent liabilities that are larger than expected; and potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses associated with the merger.
even if our operations are integrated successfully, the full benefits of the merger, including anticipated synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities, may not be realized, and these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame or at all. further, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our businesses. many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of them could result in lower revenues, higher costs and diversion of management time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have acquired and invested in, and expect to continue to acquire and invest in, new businesses, products, services and technologies as part of our ongoing strategic initiatives. such acquisitions and strategic initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including the types described above, as well as insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with the new investments; unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence that could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities; and a failure to successfully develop an acquired business or technology. because new investments are inherently risky, and the anticipated benefits or value of these investments may not materialize, no assurance can be given that such investments and other strategic initiatives will not adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
if our streaming initiatives are unsuccessful, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected there can be no assurance that our streaming initiatives will be successful. the streaming market is intensely competitive and our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our pay streaming services, including paramount+, showtime ott and bet+, and maus on our fast service, pluto tv, as well as the corresponding subscription and advertising revenues they enable us to generate, will depend on our ability to consistently provide appealing and differentiated content, effectively market these services and provide a quality experience for selecting and viewing that content. our success will also require significant investments to produce original content and acquire the rights to third-party content, including with respect to live sports, as well as the establishment and maintenance of key content and distribution partnerships. we will need to find the right balance between licensing our content to our own streaming services, forgoing traditional sources of content licensing revenues, and licensing our content to third parties.
in addition, the relative service levels, content offerings, promotions, and pricing and related features of our competitors' services may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain subscribers and maus. competitors include mvpds, vmvpds and other content providers. if consumers do not consider our streaming services to be of value compared to our competitors' services, including because we fail to introduce new features, increase our pricing, terminate or modify promotional or trial period offerings, experience technical issues, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers and maus. in addition, many subscribers and maus originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing subscribers and maus. if we are not be able to attract subscribers and maus, or our subscribers or maus decide to not continue subscriptions on our services for a variety of reasons, including a perception that they do not use it i-24
sufficiently, the need to cut household expenses, unsatisfactory content, promotions or trial-period offers expire or are modified, competitive services or promotions provide a better value or experience or customer service or technical issues are not satisfactorily resolved, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
we must continually add new subscribers and maus both to replace canceled subscribers and to grow our business, including offsetting subscriber declines in our traditional linear distribution model. if we are unable to successfully compete with competitors in retaining and attracting new subscribers and maus, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
risks relating to business continuity, cybersecurity and privacy and data protection disruptions or failures of, or cybersecurity attacks upon, our or our service providers' networks, information systems and other technologies, and a failure of our business continuity plans in response thereto, could result in the disclosure of confidential or valuable business or personal information, disruption of our businesses, damage to our brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses cloud services, networks, information systems and other technologies we use or that are used by our third-party providers, including technology systems used in connection with the production and distribution of our content ("systems"), are critical to our business activities, and shutdowns or disruptions of, and cybersecurity attacks on, these systems pose increasing risks. we also use content delivery networks to help us stream programming, films and other content in high volume to viewers and users of our online, mobile and app offerings over the internet. shutdowns, disruptions and attacks may be caused by third-party hacking of computers and systems; dissemination of computer viruses, worms, malware, ransomware and other destructive or disruptive software; denial of service attacks and other bad acts; human error; and power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks or other similar events. shutdowns, disruptions and attacks could have an adverse impact on us, our business partners, employees, advertisers, viewers and users of our content, including degradation or disruption of service, loss of data and damage to equipment and data. steps we take to add software and hardware, upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and to otherwise improve the stability and efficiency of our systems may not be sufficient to avoid shutdowns, disruptions and attacks. significant events could result in a disruption of our operations and reduction of our revenues, the loss of or damage to the integrity of data used by management to make decisions and operate our businesses, viewer or advertiser dissatisfaction or a loss of viewers or advertisers, and damage to our reputation or brands. in addition, our recovery and business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address any such disruption, failure or cybersecurity attack.
we are subject to risks caused by the misappropriation, misuse, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of business or personal data or programming content maintained in our or our third-party providers' systems, including proprietary and personal information (of third parties, employees and users of our online, mobile and app offerings), business information including intellectual property, or other confidential information. outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our third-party providers or fraudulently induce employees, business partners or users of our online, mobile and app offerings to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to our data or our subscribers' or users' data, or our programming. the number and sophistication of attempted and successful information security breaches in the u.s. and elsewhere have increased significantly in recent years, and because of our prominence, we and/or third-party providers we use may be a particularly attractive target for such attacks. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or disable, degrade or sabotage, these systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate security measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis. moreover, the development and maintenance of security measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated.
if a material breach of our systems or those of our third-party providers occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose subscribers, viewers, revenues in the case of leaked content, advertisers and other business partners, and users of our online, mobile and app offerings; our i-25
reputation, brands and credibility could be damaged; and we could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair or replace such systems or to comply with regulatory requirements. we could also be subject to actions by regulatory authorities and claims asserted in private litigation. the costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any losses associated with such events.
we are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and personal data protection we are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the u.s. and in other countries relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal data. in the e.u., for example, the gdpr mandates data protection compliance obligations and authorizes significant fines for noncompliance, requiring extensive compliance resources and efforts on our part. further, a number of other regions where we do business have enacted or are considering new data protection regulations that may impact our business activities. in the u.s., the california consumer privacy act, which went into effect on january 1, 2020, creates a host of new obligations for businesses regarding how they handle the personal information of california residents. we are also subject to laws and regulations intended specifically to protect the interests of children and the privacy of minors online, including coppa in the u.s. and the gdpr in the e.u., and we have been required to limit some functionality on digital properties as a result of these regulations. such regulations also restrict the types of advertising we are able to sell on these digital properties and impose strict liability on us for certain actions of viacomcbs, advertisers and other third parties, which could affect advertising demand and pricing. recently, laws in brazil and china that govern the processing of children's data also went into effect. these laws will likely have similar impacts to coppa and gdpr, especially with respect to data collected in connection with advertising. we will continue to expend resources to comply with data protection and privacy standards imposed by law, industry standards or contractual obligations, which may be inconsistent with one another, and despite such efforts we may face regulatory and other legal actions. each of these factors could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks relating to intellectual property infringement of our content, including digital copyright piracy and other unauthorized uses of our content, reduces revenue received from legitimate distribution of our programming, films, books and other entertainment content and adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations the success of our businesses depends in part on our ability to maintain and monetize our intellectual property rights. we are fundamentally a content company and infringement of our content - specifically, the infringement of our films and home entertainment products, television programming, digital content, books and other intellectual property rights - affects the value of our content. copyright infringement is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that either lack effective laws and technical protection measures similar to those existing in the u.s. and europe or lack effective enforcement of such measures, or both. such foreign copyright infringement often creates a supply of pirated content for major markets as well. the interpretation of copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws as applied to our content, and our infringement-detection and enforcement efforts, remain in flux, and some methods of enforcement have encountered political opposition. the failure to appropriately enforce and/or the weakening of existing intellectual property laws could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect and monetize our intellectual property and thus negatively affect its value.
copyright piracy is made easier by the wide availability of higher bandwidth and reduced storage costs, as well as tools that undermine encryption and other security features and enable infringers to disguise their identities online. we and our numerous production and distribution partners operate various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming and films, and intentional or unintentional acts could result in unauthorized access to our content. the continuing proliferation of digital formats and technologies heightens this risk. internet-connected televisions, set-top boxes and mobile devices are ubiquitous, and many can support illegal retransmission platforms, illicit video-on-demand or streaming services and pre-loaded hardware, providing more accessible, versatile and legitimate-looking environments for consuming unlicensed film and television content. unauthorized access to our content could result in the premature release of films, television programs or other i-26
content as well as a reduction in demand for authorized content, which would likely have significant adverse effects on the value of the affected content and our ability to monetize our content.
copyright infringement reduces the revenue that we are able to receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content, undermines lawful distribution channels, reduces the public's and some affiliate partners' perceived value of our content and inhibits our ability to recoup or profit from the costs incurred to create such content. we are actively engaged in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, and it is likely that we will continue to expend substantial resources in connection with these initiatives. efforts to prevent the unauthorized reproduction, distribution and exhibition of our content may affect our profitability and may not be successful in preventing harm to our business.
risks relating to macroeconomic and political conditions covid-19 and other pandemics could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted, and is expected to continue to impact, the macroeconomic environment in the u.s. and globally. federal, state and local governmental authorities in the u.s. and foreign governments around the world have implemented numerous orders, policies and initiatives to try to reduce the transmission of covid-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business shutdowns. the difficult macroeconomic environment, which has included increased and prolonged unemployment and a decline in consumer confidence, and any resulting recession or prolonged declines in economic growth, as well as changes in consumer behavior in response to the pandemic, have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. other pandemics or widespread health emergencies may have similar effects.
as a result of covid-19, we experienced a material negative impact on our advertising revenues in 2020, particularly at the end of the first quarter and throughout the second quarter, as a result of weakness in the advertising market as advertisers sought to reduce costs in response to the pandemic's impact on their businesses, the cancellation or postponement of sporting events for which we have broadcast rights, including the ncaa division i men's basketball championship in the first quarter, and the delay of the 2020-21 television broadcast season as a result of production shutdowns. while the rate of decline improved in the second half of the year, we are not able to predict whether future sporting events will be canceled or postponed, or whether advertising revenues from these broadcasts, or advertising budgets and the advertising market generally, will return or be comparable to historical levels. any prolonged decline in our advertising revenues would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
covid-19 had a negative effect on our content licensing revenues in 2020. temporary television and film production shutdowns resulted in the abandonment of content that was not completed, delays in the delivery of programming to third parties, and fewer original programs and live events airing on our broadcast and cable networks. we also experienced lower demand for the licensing of our content from advertising-supported licensees. while production has resumed, we are not able to predict whether we will encounter future production delays or shutdowns or if and to what extent content licensing revenues will continue to be negatively impacted. additionally, with the resumption of production we began incurring incremental costs related to health and safety protocols in response to covid-19, which are expected to continue in 2021.
our theatrical revenues have been negatively impacted by the closure or reduction in capacity of movie theaters that show our films as a result of covid-19, which has impacted our theatrical releases. accordingly, we have rescheduled certain theatrical releases and licensed others to our owned or third-party streaming services. we are not able to predict when or whether movie theaters will reopen at scale, whether consumers will return at the same levels they previously did because of concerns related to covid-19 or because of changes to viewing habits, or whether revenues from theatrical releases will be comparable to historical levels.
in addition, covid-19 could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in a number of other ways, including: negatively impacting our affiliate and advertising revenues as consumers reduce i-27
discretionary spending by cancelling or forgoing subscriptions to mvpd or vmvpd services; negatively impacting our financial condition or our ability to fund operations, dividends or future investment opportunities due to an increase in the cost or difficulty in obtaining debt or equity financing, or refinancing our debt in the future, our ability to comply with the leverage covenant in our credit facility, or a decrease in our debt ratings; impairments of our programming and other inventory, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, and other long-lived assets; and increased cyber and payment fraud risk, as cybercriminals attempt to profit from the disruption, given increased online activity.
the magnitude of the continuing impact of covid-19, which could be material to our business, financial condition and results of operations, will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or control, including the duration and extent of the pandemic, the impact of federal, state, local and foreign governmental actions, consumer behavior in response to the pandemic and such governmental actions, and economic and operating conditions in the aftermath of covid-19. even after covid-19 has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. due to the evolving and uncertain nature of the pandemic, we are not able to estimate the full extent of the impact that covid-19 will have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and that impact could also exacerbate the other risks described herein.
political and economic conditions in a variety of markets around the world could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations our businesses operate and have audiences, customers and partners worldwide, and we are focused on expanding our international operations in key markets, some of which are emerging markets. for that reason, economic conditions in many different markets around the world affect a number of aspects of our businesses. economic conditions in each market can also impact our audience's discretionary spending and therefore their willingness to access our content, as well as the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks, causing them to reduce their spending on advertising. we may also be subject to longer payment cycles. in addition, as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar has increased, and there is no assurance that downward trending currencies will rebound or that stable currencies will remain stable in any period. such fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. also, volatility and weakness in the capital markets, the tightening of credit markets or a decrease in our debt ratings could adversely affect our ability to obtain cost-effective financing.
our businesses are also exposed to certain political risks inherent in conducting a global business, including retaliatory actions by governments reacting to changes in the u.s. and other countries, including in connection with trade negotiations; issues related to the presence of corruption in certain markets and enforcement of anti-corruption laws and regulations; increased risk of political instability in some markets as well as conflict and sanctions preventing us from accessing those markets; escalating trade, immigration and nuclear disputes; wars, acts of terrorism or other hostilities; and other political, economic or other uncertainties.
these political and economic risks could create instability in any of the markets where our businesses derive revenues, which could result in a reduction of revenue or loss of investment that adversely affects our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
risks relating to regulatory and legal matters failures to comply with or changes in u.s. or foreign laws or regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and/or in the foreign jurisdictions in which we or our partners operate, including laws and regulations relating to intellectual property, content regulation, user privacy, data protection, anti-corruption, repatriation of profits, tax regimes, quotas, tariffs or other trade barriers, currency exchange controls, operating license and permit requirements, restrictions on foreign ownership or i-28
investment, export and market access restrictions, and exceptions and limitations on copyright and censorship, among others.
the television broadcasting and cable programming industries in the u.s. are highly regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc. for example, we are required to obtain licenses from the fcc to operate our television stations and periodically renew them. it cannot be assured that the fcc will approve our future renewal applications or that the renewals will be for full terms or will not include conditions or qualifications. the non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. we must also comply with extensive fcc limits on the ownership and operation of our television stations and our television networks, which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require us to divest some television stations.
our businesses could be adversely affected by new laws and regulations, changes in existing laws, changes in interpretations of existing laws by courts and regulators and the threat that additional laws or regulations may be forthcoming, as well as our ability to enforce our legal rights. we could be required to change or limit certain of our business practices, which could impact our ability to generate revenues. we could also incur substantial costs to comply with new and existing laws and regulations, or substantial fines and penalties or other liabilities if we fail to comply with such laws and regulations.
our liabilities related to discontinued operations and former businesses could adversely impact our financial conditions we have both recognized and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, certain of which are unrelated to the media business, including leases, guarantees, environmental liabilities, liabilities related to the pensions and medical expenses of retirees, asbestos liabilities, contractual disputes and other pending and threatened litigation. we cannot be assured that our accruals for these matters are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these liabilities may come due. therefore, there can be no assurances that these liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating performance or cash flow.
risks relating to human capital the loss of key talent could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our executive teams, and the various creative talent and entertainment personalities with whom we work. we compete for talented executives in a highly-specialized industry, and our ability to attract and retain such individuals may be impacted by our reputation, workplace culture, efforts with respect to diversity and inclusion, the compensation and benefits we provide, and our commitment to effectively managing executive succession. we also employ or contract with several entertainment personalities with loyal audiences and we produce films with highly regarded directors, producers, writers, actors and other talent. these individuals are important to attracting viewers of our content and achieving the success of our programs, films and other content. there can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or will retain their current appeal, or that the costs associated with retaining them or new talent will be reasonable. if we fail to retain these individuals on current terms or if our entertainment personalities lose their current appeal or we fail to attract new talent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
in addition, we and our business partners engage the services of writers, directors, actors, musicians and other talent, production crew members, trade employees, professional athletes and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. any labor disputes, including lockouts, strikes or work stoppages, may disrupt our operations and cause delays in the production of our programming, which could increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and/or operating income.
i-29
risks relating to our ownership structure nai, through its voting control of viacomcbs, is in a position to control actions that require stockholder approval nai, through its direct and indirect ownership of our class a common stock, has voting control of viacomcbs. at december 31, 2020, nai directly or indirectly owned approximately 79.4% of the shares of our class a common stock outstanding, and approximately 10.2% of the shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock outstanding on a combined basis. shari e. redstone, the chairperson, ceo and president of nai, serves as non-executive chair of the viacomcbs board of directors (the "viacomcbs board"). until the death of mr. sumner m. redstone on august 11, 2020, nai was controlled by mr. redstone through the sumner m. redstone national amusements trust (the "smr trust"), which owned 80% of the voting interest of nai, with such voting interest voted solely by mr. redstone. upon mr. redstone's death and in accordance with the terms of the trust agreement governing the smr trust and the continuing trusts (as defined below), the smr trust was succeeded by two continuing trusts (the "continuing trusts"), each of which holds 40% of the voting stock of nai. under the terms of the trust agreement governing the smr trust and the continuing trusts, the continuing trusts are required to share the same seven voting trustees, who have equal voting power, and each trustee is required to cause each continuing trust to vote the nai shares held by that continuing trust in the same manner as the nai shares held by the other continuing trust. ms. redstone is one of the seven voting trustees for each continuing trust and is one of two voting trustees who are beneficiaries of one of the continuing trusts. no member of our management, or other member of our the viacomcbs board, is a trustee of either of the continuing trusts.
subject to the terms of the governance agreement dated as of august 13, 2019, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this annual report on form 10-k, nai is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require, or may be accomplished by, stockholder approval, including amending viacomcbs' bylaws, the election or removal of directors and transactions involving a change of control. for example, the viacomcbs bylaws provide that:
the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of our capital stock then entitled to vote generally in an election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required for our stockholders to amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any of our bylaws;
any or all of our directors may be removed from office at any time prior to the expiration of his or her term of office, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of record of outstanding shares representing at least a majority of all the aggregate voting power of outstanding shares of our common stock then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class at a special meeting of our stockholders called expressly for that purpose; provided that during the two-year period following the closing date of the merger, the removal of our chief executive officer requires the approval of the viacomcbs board by the "requisite approval" (as defined in the viacomcbs certificate of incorporation incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this annual report on form 10-k); provided further, that during the two-year period following the closing date, nai and nai entertainment holdings llc are not permitted to remove any other persons who were members of the viacomcbs board at the effective time of the merger in accordance with the merger agreement or who otherwise become members the viacomcbs board (other than any of the nai affiliated directors (as defined in the bylaws)) without the requisite approval; and
in accordance with the general corporation law of the state of delaware, our stockholders may act by written consent without a meeting if such stockholders hold the number of shares representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such actions at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
accordingly, viacomcbs stockholders who may have different interests are unable to affect the outcome of any such corporate actions for so long as nai retains voting control. for more information, see the governance agreement incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this annual report on form 10-k.
i-30
sales of nai's shares of viacomcbs common stock, some of which are pledged to lenders, could adversely affect the stock price based on information received from nai, nai has pledged to its lenders a portion of shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock owned directly or indirectly by nai. at december 31, 2020, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock pledged by nai to its lenders represented approximately 4.1% of the total outstanding shares of our class a common stock and our class b common stock on a combined basis. if there is a default on nai's debt obligations and the lenders foreclose on the pledged shares, the lenders may not effect a transfer, sale or disposition of any pledged shares of our class a common stock unless nai and its affiliates beneficially own 50% or less of our class a common stock then outstanding or such shares have first been converted into our class b common stock. a sale of the pledged shares could adversely affect our common stock share price. in addition, there can be no assurance that at some future time nai will not sell or pledge additional shares of our common stock, which could adversely affect our common stock share price.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition.
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
management's discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of viacomcbs inc. should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. references in this document to "viacomcbs," the "company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to viacomcbs inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires.
significant components of management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition include:
overview-summary of viacomcbs and our business and operational highlights.
consolidated results of operations-analysis of our results on a consolidated basis for each of the three years ended december 31, 2020.
segment results of operations-analysis of our results on a reportable segment basis for each of the three years ended december 31, 2020.
liquidity and capital resources-discussion of our cash flows for each of the three years ended december 31, 2020, and of our outstanding debt, commitments and contingencies as of december 31, 2020.
critical accounting policies-detail with respect to accounting policies that are considered by management to require significant judgment and use of estimates and that could have a significant impact on our financial statements.
legal matters-discussion of legal matters to which we are involved.
market risk-discussion of how we manage exposure to market and interest rate risks.
overview viacomcbs is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide.
merger with viacom inc.
on december 4, 2019, viacom inc. ("viacom") merged with and into cbs corporation ("cbs"), with cbs continuing as the surviving company (the "merger"). at the effective time of the merger, the combined company changed its name to viacomcbs inc. the merger has been accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control as national amusements, inc. ("nai") was the controlling stockholder of each of cbs and viacom (and remains the controlling stockholder of viacomcbs). upon the closing of the merger, the net assets of viacom were combined with those of cbs at their historical carrying amounts and the companies have been presented on a combined basis for all periods presented.
ii-3
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
impact of covid-19
the coronavirus disease ("covid-19") pandemic negatively impacted the macroeconomic environment in the united states and globally, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations in 2020. we experienced a material negative impact on our advertising revenues, particularly at the end of the first quarter and throughout the second quarter, as a result of weakness in the advertising market as advertisers sought to reduce costs in response to the pandemic's impact on their businesses, the cancellation of sporting events for which we have broadcast rights, including the ncaa division i men's basketball championship (the "ncaa tournament") in the first quarter, and the delay of the 2020-21 television broadcast season as a result of temporary production shutdowns. the rate of decline was lower in the second half of the year, with sequential improvement in the third and fourth quarters. while we are not able to predict when or if advertising revenue will return to historical levels, we expect that it will be impacted to a lesser extent in 2021.
covid-19 also had a negative effect on our content licensing revenues in 2020. temporary television and film production shutdowns resulted in the abandonment of content that was not completed, delays in the delivery of programming to third parties, and fewer original programs and live events airing on our broadcast and cable networks. we also experienced lower demand for the licensing of our content from advertising-supported licensees. while production has resumed, we are not able to predict whether we will encounter future production delays or shutdowns, or if and to what extent content licensing revenues will continue to be negatively impacted. additionally, with the resumption of production we began incurring incremental costs relating to health and safety protocols, which are expected to continue throughout 2021.
in addition, our theatrical revenues have been negatively impacted by the closure or reduction in capacity of movie theaters that show our films as a result of covid-19, which impacted our theatrical releases in 2020. accordingly, we have rescheduled certain theatrical releases and licensed others to our owned or third-party streaming services. we are not able to predict when or whether movie theaters will reopen at scale, whether consumers will return at the same levels they previously did because of concerns related to covid-19 or because of changes to viewing habits, or whether revenues from theatrical releases will be comparable to historical levels.
while covid-19 has negatively impacted parts of our business, we have benefited from increases in subscribers for our subscription streaming services and monthly active users ("maus") for pluto tv. additionally, the impact from the lower revenues has been partially mitigated by lower costs as a result of decreases in production and distribution costs, mainly resulting from production shutdowns and fewer theatrical releases; lower advertising and promotion costs; and cost-savings initiatives. we have taken steps to strengthen our financial position during this period of market uncertainty, such as the issuance of long-term debt and redemption of near-term debt discussed under "liquidity and capital resources," and we will continue to actively monitor the potential impact of covid-19 and related events on the commercial paper and credit markets.
the magnitude of the continuing impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or control, including the duration and extent of the pandemic, the impact of federal, state, local and foreign governmental actions, consumer behavior in response to the pandemic and such governmental actions, and economic and operating conditions in the aftermath of covid-19. even after covid-19 has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. due to the evolving and uncertain nature of the pandemic, we are not able to estimate the full extent of the impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
ii-4
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
operational highlights 2020 vs. 2019
consolidated results of operations                                                                                       increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                                   2020   2019                    $                                            %
gaap:
revenues                                                                           $25,285                  $26,998      $(1,713)                              (6)    %
operating income                                                                    $4,139                   $4,146      $(7)                                    -    %
net earnings from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs                    $2,305                   $3,168      $(863)                               (27)    %
diluted eps from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs                      $3.73                    $5.13      $(1.40)                              (27)    %
net cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations           $2,215                   $1,171      $1,044             89                        %
non-gaap: (a)
adjusted oibda                                                                      $5,132                   $5,393      $(261)                                (5)    %
adjusted net earnings from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs           $2,595                   $2,983      $(388)                               (13)    %
adjusted diluted eps from continuing operationsattributable to viacomcbs             $4.20                    $4.83      $(.63)                               (13)    %
free cash flow                                                                      $1,891                     $826      $1,065             129                       %
(a) see "reconciliation of non-gaap measures" and "free cash flow" for reconciliations of non-gaap results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap").
for 2020, revenues decreased 6% to $25.29 billion from $27.00 billion in 2019, driven by the adverse effects of covid-19 on our business, including lower demand in the advertising market, the closure or reduction in capacity of movie theaters, the cancellation of live events for which we have the broadcast rights, and production shutdowns. the revenue comparison was also impacted by cbs' broadcasts in 2019 of annual tentpole sporting events, the super bowl and the semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament, which we have the rights to broadcast on a rotational basis with other networks, including in 2019 and 2021. in addition, the games in the preceding rounds of the ncaa tournament are shared equally each year between cbs and turner broadcasting system, inc. ("turner"). however, the 2020 ncaa tournament was cancelled as a result of covid-19. these decreases were partially offset by a 49% increase in streaming revenues, reflecting growth across our streaming services, including pluto tv, cbs all access (to be rebranded as paramount+ in march 2021), showtime networks' premium subscription streaming service ("showtime ott"), and bet+, as well as record political advertising sales.
operating income for 2020 remained flat at $4.14 billion. each year was impacted by items identified as affecting comparability, including programming, restructuring and impairment charges and costs for other corporate matters, as well as a gain on the sale of cnet media group ("cmg") in 2020 and a gain on the sale of the cbs television city property and sound stage operation ("cbs television city") in 2019. see "reconciliation of non-gaap measures." adjusted oibda decreased 5%, primarily reflecting the decline in revenues, partially offset by lower expenses as a result of production shutdowns, the absence in 2020 of certain major sporting events, fewer theatrical releases, lower advertising and promotion costs reflecting the broadcast of fewer original programs, and the benefit from cost savings, including from restructuring activities. the lower expenses were partially offset by increased costs to support the growth and expansion of our streaming services.
for 2020, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations each decreased 27% from 2019. these comparisons were impacted by items identified as affecting comparability, including the aforementioned items impacting operating income, a loss on extinguishment of debt ii-5
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
in 2020, net gains from investments, and discrete tax items. adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and adjusted diluted eps each decreased 13%, reflecting the lower adjusted oibda and the noncontrolling interest's share of profit from the licensing of south park during the second quarter of 2020. adjusted oibda, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations are non-gaap financial measures. see "reconciliation of non-gaap measures" for details of the items excluded from financial results, and reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with gaap.
we generated operating cash flows from continuing operations of $2.22 billion in 2020 compared with $1.17 billion in 2019. free cash flow was $1.89 billion for 2020 compared with $826 million for 2019. these increases primarily reflect lower spending, including for programming, production, advertising and distribution costs resulting from production shutdowns related to covid-19 and cost savings, as well as lower payments for income taxes in 2020. these items were partially offset by the decline in revenues and higher payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and costs to achieve synergies. operating cash flow and free cash flow included payments for restructuring, merger-related costs and costs to achieve synergies which totaled $584 million and $362 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively. also included in free cash flow for 2020 are capital expenditures of $40 million associated with costs to achieve synergies. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. see "free cash flow" for a reconciliation of net cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, to free cash flow.
reconciliation of non-gaap measures results for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 included certain items identified as affecting comparability. adjusted oibda, adjusted earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, adjusted provision for income taxes, adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs, and adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations (together, the "adjusted measures") exclude the impact of these items and are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with gaap. we use these measures to, among other things, evaluate our operating performance. these measures are among the primary measures used by management for planning and forecasting of future periods, and they are important indicators of our operational strength and business performance. in addition, we use adjusted oibda to, among other things, value prospective acquisitions. we believe these measures are relevant and useful for investors because they allow investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by our management; provide a clearer perspective on our underlying performance; and make it easier for investors, analysts and peers to compare our operating performance to other companies in our industry and to compare our year-over-year results.
because the adjusted measures are measures of performance not calculated in accordance with gaap, they should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, operating income, earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, provision for income taxes, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs or diluted eps from continuing operations, as applicable, as indicators of operating performance. these measures, as we calculate them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies.
ii-6
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the following tables reconcile the adjusted measures to their most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with gaap.
year ended december 31,                                        2020                    2019                    2018
operating income (gaap)                                  $4,139                   $4,146                  $5,062
depreciation and amortization (a)                           430                      438                     427
restructuring and other corporate matters (b)               618                      769                     489
programming charges (b)                                     159                      589                     162
gain on sales (b)                                         (214)                    (549)                       -
adjusted oibda (non-gaap)                                $5,132                   $5,393                  $6,140
(a) includes impairment charges of $25 million and $20 million to reduce the carrying value of intangible assets to fair value for 2020 and 2019, respectively. 2020 also includes accelerated depreciation of $12 million for technology that was abandoned in connection with synergy plans related to the merger.
(b) see notes on the following tables for additional information on items affecting comparability.
year ended december 31, 2020
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes            provision for income taxes                                                    net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs            diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                                           $3,147                                                                  $(535)                                                                         $2,305                                                                         $3.73
items affecting comparability:
restructuring and other corporate matters (a)                                                618                                                                   (133)                                                                            485                                                    .79
impairment charge (b)                                                                         25                                                                     (6)                                                                             19                                                    .03
depreciation of abandoned technology (c)                                                      12                                                                     (3)                                                                              9                                                    .01
programming charges (d)                                                                      159                                                                    (39)                                                                            120                                                    .20
gain on sales (e)                                                                          (214)                                                31                                                                                                (183)                                                                         (.30)
net gains from investments (f)                                                             (206)                                                50                                                                                                (156)                                                                         (.25)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                               126                                                                    (29)                                                                             97                                                    .16
discrete tax items (g)                                                                         -                                                                   (110)                                                                          (110)                                                                         (.18)
impairment of equity-method investment                                                         -                                                                       -                                                                              9                                                    .01
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                                       $3,667                                                                  $(774)                                                                         $2,595                                                                         $4.20
(a) reflects severance, exit costs and other costs related to the merger and a charge to write down property and equipment classified as held for sale.
(b) reflects a charge to reduce the carrying values of fcc licenses in two markets to their fair values.
(c) reflects accelerated depreciation for technology that was abandoned in connection with synergy plans related to the merger.
(d) programming charges primarily related to the abandonment of certain incomplete programs resulting from production shutdowns related to covid-19.
(e) reflects a gain on the sale of cmg.
(f) primarily reflects an increase in the value of our investment in fubotv, inc. ("fubotv"), which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2020.
(g) primarily reflects a benefit from the remeasurement of our u.k. net deferred income tax asset as a result of an increase in the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 17% to 19% enacted during the third quarter of 2020.
ii-7
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, 2019
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes            benefit (provision) for income taxes                                                          net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs            diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                                           $3,223                                                                             $29                                                                                 $3,168                                                                         $5.13
items affecting comparability:
restructuring and other corporate matters (a)                                                769                                                                           (133)                                                                                    636                                                    1.03
impairment charge (b)                                                                         20                                                                             (6)                                                                                     14                                                    .02
programming charges (c)                                                                      589                                                                           (142)                                                                                    447                                                    .73
gain on sales (d)                                                                          (549)                                                163                                                                                                               (386)                                                                         (.63)
net gains from investments (e)                                                              (85)                                                16                                                                                                                 (69)                                                                         (.11)
discrete tax items (f)                                                                         -                                                                           (827)                                                                                  (827)                                                                         (1.34)
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                                       $3,967                                                                          $(900)                                                                                 $2,983                                                                         $4.83
(a) reflects severance and exit costs relating to restructuring activities and costs incurred in connection with the merger, legal proceedings involving the company and other corporate matters.
(b) reflects a charge to reduce the carrying value of our international broadcast licenses in australia to their fair value.
(c) programming charges principally reflect accelerated amortization associated with changes in the expected monetization of certain programs, and decisions to cease airing, alter future airing patterns or not renew certain programs, in connection with management changes implemented as a result of the merger.
(d) reflects a gain on the sale of cbs television city.
(e) reflects a gain on marketable securities of $113 million; gains of $22 million on the sale and acquisition of joint ventures; and an impairment charge of $50 million to write down an investment to its fair value.
(f) primarily reflects a deferred tax benefit of $768 million resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations; a tax benefit of $44 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2018 federal tax return, based on further clarity provided by the united states government on tax positions relating to federal tax legislation enacted in december 2017 (the "tax reform act"); and a tax benefit of $39 million triggered by the bankruptcy of an investee.
ii-8
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, 2018
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes            provision for income taxes                                                      net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs            diluted eps from continuing operations reported (gaap)                                                                           $3,984                                                                    $(580)                                                                         $3,320                                                                         $5.35
items affecting comparability:
restructuring and other corporate matters (a)                                                489                                                                     (116)                                                                            373                                                    .59
programming charges (b)                                                                      162                                                                      (39)                                                                            123                                                    .20
gain on extinguishment of debt                                                              (18)                                                4                                                                                                    (14)                                                                         (.02)
net loss from investments (c)                                                                 53                                                                      (16)                                                                             37                                                    .06
discrete tax items (d)                                                                         -                                                                     (297)                                                                          (297)                                                                         (.48)
adjusted (non-gaap)                                                                       $4,670                                                                  $(1,044)                                                                         $3,542                                                                         $5.70
(a) primarily reflects severance and exit costs relating to restructuring activities as well as professional fees related to legal proceedings, cost transformation initiatives, investigations at our company and the evaluation of potential merger activity.
(b) reflects programming charges resulting from changes to our programming strategy, including at cbs films and our cable networks segment, in connection with management changes.
(c) reflects a loss on marketable securities of $23 million; an impairment charge of $46 million to write down an investment to its fair value; and a gain of $16 million on the sale of a 1% equity interest in viacom18 to our joint venture partner.
(d) primarily reflects a net discrete tax benefit of $80 million related to the tax reform act and other tax law changes; a net tax benefit of $71 million relating to a tax accounting method change granted by the internal revenue service ("irs"); and the reversal of a valuation allowance of $140 million relating to capital loss carryforwards that were utilized in connection with the sale of cbs television city in 2019.
consolidated results of operations-2020 vs. 2019
revenues revenues by type                                                     % of total                                                  % of total            increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2020                            revenues                    2019                            revenues            $                                            %
advertising                      $9,751                      38   %                          $11,074                     41   %                        $(1,323)                             (12)    %
affiliate                         9,166                      36                                8,602                     32                   564                         7
content licensing                 5,963                      24                                6,483                     24                            (520)                                 (8)
theatrical                          180                       1                                  547                      2                            (367)                                (67)
other                               225                       1                                  292                      1                            (67)                                 (23)
total revenues                  $25,285                     100   %                          $26,998                    100   %                        $(1,713)                              (6)    %
ii-9
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
streaming revenues the following tables present our global streaming revenues by type and by segment. streaming revenues are earned from advertising on our pay and free streaming services, including pluto tv, cbs all access (to be rebranded as paramount+ in march 2021), and cbsn; subscription fees for our pay streaming services, including cbs all access, showtime ott, bet+ and noggin; and advertising and subscriptions for our other digital video products.
streaming revenues by type                                                                               increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                   2020                    2019                                      $              %
advertising                         $1,418                   $1,005                  $413                            41    %
subscription (a)                     1,143                      709      434                                         61
total streaming revenues            $2,561                   $1,714                  $847                            49    %
streaming revenues by segment                                                                               increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                      2020   2019                                                       $              %
tv entertainment (b)                     $911                     $701                  $210                            30    %
cable networks (c)                      1,650                    1,013      637                                         63
total streaming revenues               $2,561                   $1,714                  $847                            49    %
(a) subscription streaming revenues are included within affiliate revenues.
(b) primarily includes cbs all access, cbsn and other cbs branded digital video products.
(c) primarily includes pluto tv, showtime ott, bet+, noggin, our international streaming services, and other digital video products.
included in total streaming revenues are $2.46 billion and $1.63 billion of domestic revenues for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. as of december 31, 2020, our global streaming subscribers totaled 29.9 million, which included domestic subscribers of 19.2 million, and global maus for pluto tv were 43.1 million, which included 30.1 million domestic maus. global subscribers include customers who access our domestic or international streaming services, either directly through our owned and operated apps and websites, or through third-party distributors.
advertising advertising revenues are generated primarily from the sale of advertising spots on the cbs television network, our basic cable networks and our television stations, as well as on our advertising-supported streaming services, and on our websites. our advertising revenues include integrated marketing services, which provide unique branded content and custom sponsorship opportunities to our advertisers. for 2020, the 12% decrease in advertising revenues was driven by the adverse effects of covid-19, including lower demand in the advertising market and the cancellation of the ncaa tournament, as well as the comparison against cbs' broadcasts in 2019 of annual tentpole sporting events that we have the rights to broadcast on a rotational basis with other networks, the super bowl and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament. these decreases were partially offset by 41% growth in advertising from our streaming businesses, led by pluto tv, as well as record political advertising revenues associated with the u.s. presidential election in 2020.
in 2021, the advertising revenue comparison will benefit from the broadcasts of super bowl lv and the ncaa tournament. under the current contract with the nfl, the super bowl is broadcast on the cbs television network on a rotating basis with other networks through the 2022 season, with cbs broadcasting these games in 2019 and 2021. under agreements with the ncaa and turner, the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament are broadcast on cbs every other year through 2032, including in 2019 and 2021, and in each year the games in the preceding rounds of the tournament are shared equally between cbs and turner.
ii-10
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
however, the 2020 ncaa tournament was cancelled as a result of covid-19. the benefit from the broadcasts of these sporting events in 2021 will be partially offset by lower political advertising sales.
for 2020, domestic advertising revenues decreased 12% to $8.57 billion from $9.72 billion for 2019, and international advertising revenues decreased 13% to $1.18 billion from $1.36 billion for 2019, including the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 2 percentage points.
affiliate affiliate revenues are principally comprised of fees received from multichannel video programming distributors ("mvpds") and third-party live television streaming services ("virtual mvpds" or "vmvpds") for carriage of our cable networks ("cable affiliate fees"), fees received from television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("reverse compensation"); fees for authorizing the mvpds' and vmvpds' carriage of our owned television stations ("retransmission fees"); and subscription fees for our streaming services. for 2020, affiliate revenues increased 7% reflecting growth from subscription streaming revenues, higher reverse compensation and retransmission fee revenues, and the launch of our basic cable networks on a vmvpd service. subscription streaming revenues grew 61% primarily reflecting subscriber growth for cbs all access and showtime ott, and the launch of bet+ in september 2019. reverse compensation and retransmission fee revenues increased 19%, driven by annual contractual increases and contract renewals with television stations affiliated with the cbs television network, mvpds and vmvpds. these increases were partially offset by lower linear affiliate fees for our cable networks from mvpds, reflecting subscriber declines. for 2020, domestic affiliate revenues increased 7% to $8.52 billion from $7.94 billion for 2019, while international affiliate revenues decreased 3% to $645 million from $665 million for 2019, including the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 2 percentage points.
content licensing content licensing revenues are principally comprised of fees from the licensing of exhibition rights for our internally-produced television and film programming to cable and broadcast networks, television stations, and subscription video-on-demand ("svod") and free video-on-demand services; home entertainment revenues, which are derived from the sale and distribution of our content through dvds and blu-ray discs to wholesale and retail partners, as well as from the viewing of our content on a transactional basis through transactional video-on-demand ("tvod") and electronic sell-through services; fees from the use of our trademarks and brands for consumer products, recreation and live events; and fees from the distribution of third-party programming. for 2020, content licensing revenues decreased 8%, reflecting a lower volume of licensing primarily as a result of several significant licensing agreements for library programming in the prior-year periods, production shutdowns because of covid-19, and significant revenues in the 2019 periods from the licensing of the final season of several series, including jane the virgin and elementary. these declines were partially offset by the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to south park to an svod provider in 2020.
revenues from the licensing of exhibition rights are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition, and therefore, content licensing revenue comparisons are impacted by fluctuations resulting from the timing of the availability of our programming for multiyear licensing agreements.
theatrical theatrical revenues are principally earned from the worldwide theatrical distribution of films through audience ticket sales. for 2020, the declines in theatrical revenues reflect the impact from the closure or reduction in capacity of movie theaters in response to covid-19 throughout most of 2020.
ii-11
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
other other revenues are principally comprised of revenues from the rental of production facilities and digital revenues from search and e-commerce partners. for 2020, other revenues decreased 23%, primarily reflecting lower revenues from the rental of our production facilities as a result of the shutdown of production due to covid-19.
operating expenses
% of                                                        % of operating expenses by type                                                              operating                                                   operating            increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2020                            expenses                    2019                            expenses            $                                            %
production                                         $6,425                      43   %                           $6,797                     41   %                        $(372)                                (5)    %
programming                                         3,779                      25                                4,287                     26                            (508)                                (12)
participation, residual and distribution            2,634                      18                                3,147                     19                            (513)                                (16)
programming charges                                   159                       1                                  589                      3                            (430)                                      n/m other                                               1,995                      13                                1,893                     11                   102                         5
total operating expenses                          $14,992                     100   %                          $16,713                    100   %                        $(1,721)                             (10)    %
n/m - not meaningful production production expenses principally reflect the amortization of costs of internally-produced television and theatrical film content as well as other television production costs, including on-air talent. for 2020, the 5% decrease primarily reflects a lower volume of production resulting from the impact of covid-19, including fewer episodes of our original programming and a lower number of theatrical releases.
programming programming expenses reflect the amortization of acquired programs exhibited on our television broadcast networks, cable networks and television stations. for 2020, the 12% decrease in programming expenses was driven by lower sports programming costs, including from the comparison against cbs' broadcasts of ncaa tournament games in 2019. the decline also reflects the mix of programming on our broadcast network.
participation, residual and distribution participation, residual and distribution costs primarily include participation and residual expenses for television and film programming and other distribution expenses incurred with respect to film and television content, such as print and advertising. for 2020, participation, residual and distribution costs decreased 16% reflecting distribution costs in the prior-year periods to support theatrical releases, including gemini man, rocketman, and dora and the lost city of gold. theatrical distribution costs were significantly lower in the 2020 periods as a result of the closure or reduced capacity of movie theaters due to covid-19. the lower expenses also reflect the decline in content licensing revenues, as well as the mix of titles licensed in each year.
programming charges during 2020, we recorded programming charges of $159 million primarily related to the abandonment of certain incomplete programs resulting from production shutdowns related to covid-19.
during 2019, in connection with the merger, we implemented management changes across the organization. in connection with these changes, we performed an evaluation of our programming portfolio across all of our ii-12
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
businesses, including an assessment of the optimal use of our programming in the marketplace, which resulted in the identification of programs not aligned with management's strategy. as a result, we recorded programming charges of $589 million principally reflecting accelerated amortization associated with changes in the expected monetization of certain programs, and decisions to cease airing, alter future airing patterns or not renew certain programs.
other other operating expenses primarily include compensation, revenue-sharing costs with our affiliated stations, and other ancillary and overhead costs associated with our operations. for 2020, the 5% increase in other operating expenses was driven by increased revenue-sharing costs as a result of the growth in retransmission and subscription streaming revenues.
selling, general and administrative expenses increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                     2020   2019                    $                               %
selling, general and administrative expenses          $5,320                   $5,481      $(161)                          (3)       %
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses include expenses incurred for selling and marketing costs, occupancy, professional service fees and back office support, including employee compensation. the 3% decrease in sg&a expenses was driven by savings from restructuring and other cost savings initiatives, as well as lower travel and entertainment and other expense decreases associated with shutdowns resulting from covid-19. the decrease in sg&a expenses also includes lower advertising and promotion costs reflecting the broadcast of fewer original programs, partially offset by increased costs to support the growth and expansion of our streaming services.
depreciation and amortization increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                    2020   2019                  $                             %
depreciation and amortization          $430                   $438      $(8)                          (2)       %
depreciation and amortization expense reflects depreciation of fixed assets, including transponders and equipment under finance leases, amortization of finite-lived intangible assets, and impairment of fixed and intangible assets, when applicable. for 2020, amortization expense included an impairment charge of $25 million in the tv entertainment segment to write down the carrying values of fcc licenses in two markets to their fair values (see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements) and accelerated depreciation of $12 million resulting from the abandonment of technology in connection with synergy plans related to the merger (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). for 2019, amortization expense included an impairment charge of $20 million to reduce the carrying value of broadcast licenses in australia to their fair value. the comparison for depreciation and amortization also includes a decline as a result of assets that became fully depreciated.
ii-13
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
restructuring and other corporate matters during 2020 and 2019, we recorded costs for restructuring and other corporate matters as follows:
year ended december 31,                                2020                  2019
severance                                          $472                   $395
exit costs and other                                 70                     23
restructuring charges                               542                    418
merger-related costs                                 56                    294
other corporate matters                              20                     57
restructuring and other corporate matters          $618                   $769
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded restructuring charges of $542 million, associated with cost-transformation initiatives in connection with the merger in an effort to reduce redundancies across our businesses. these charges primarily consist of severance costs, including the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation. in addition, in 2020 we incurred costs of $56 million in connection with the merger, consisting of professional fees mainly associated with integration activities, as well as transaction-related bonuses. we also incurred costs of $5 million for professional fees associated with dispositions and other corporate matters, and we recorded a charge of $15 million to write down property and equipment that has been classified as held for sale to its fair value less costs to sell.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded restructuring charges of $418 million, primarily for severance costs, including the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation, in connection with the merger, as well as costs related to a restructuring plan initiated in the first quarter of 2019 under which severance payments were provided to certain eligible employees who voluntarily elected to participate. in addition, in 2019 we incurred costs of $294 million in connection with the merger, consisting of financial advisory, legal and other professional fees, transaction-related bonuses, and contractual executive compensation, including the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation, that was triggered by the merger. we also incurred costs of $40 million in connection with the settlement of a commercial dispute and $17 million associated with legal proceedings involving the company (see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements) and other corporate matters.
included in restructuring charges for both 2020 and 2019 were costs resulting from the termination of contractual obligations and charges associated with the exit of leases.
gain on sales in 2020, we completed the sale of cmg to red ventures for $484 million, including an estimated working capital adjustment. the purchase price consisted of a cash payment at closing of $459 million and a credit of $25 million to be used over five years for the purchase of advertising and licensing of data from red ventures. this transaction resulted in a gain of $214 million.
in 2019, we completed the sale of cbs television city for $750 million. we have guaranteed a specified level of cash flows to be generated by the business during the first five years following the completion of the sale. this transaction resulted in a gain of $549 million for 2019, which included a reduction for the present value of the estimated amount payable under the guarantee obligation.
ii-14
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
interest expense and interest income increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                  2020   2019                    $                             %
interest expense                 $(1,031)                   $(962)      $69            7                        %
interest income                       $60                      $66      $(6)                          (9)       %
the following table presents our outstanding debt balances, excluding finance leases, and the weighted average interest rate as of december 31, 2020 and 2019:
weighted average                                            weighted average at december 31,                        2020   interest rate                       2019                    interest rate total long-term debt            $19,612       4.80                %                          $17,976      4.70                %
commercial paper                     $-                   n/a                                   $699      2.07                %
other bank borrowings               $95       3.50                %                               $-                  n/a n/a - not applicable net gains from investments for 2020, net gains from investments of $206 million primarily reflect an increase of $213 million in the fair value of our investment in fubotv, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2020, and for 2019 net gains from investments of $85 million reflect a gain on marketable securities of $113 million, gains of $22 million on the sale and acquisition of joint ventures, and an impairment charge of $50 million to write down an investment to its fair value.
loss on extinguishment of debt for 2020, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $126 million associated with the early redemption of $2.77 billion of our long-term debt.
other items, net the following table presents the components of other items, net.
year ended december 31,                                  2020                    2019
pension and postretirement benefit costs            $(69)                    $(99)
foreign exchange losses                              (35)                     (18)
other                                                   3                        5
other items, net                                   $(101)                   $(112)
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes represents federal, state and local, and foreign taxes on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in loss of investee companies. for 2020, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $535 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 17.0%. included in the provision for income taxes was a discrete tax benefit of $110 million, primarily consisting of a benefit of $100 million to remeasure our u.k. net deferred income tax asset as a result of an increase in the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 17% to 19% enacted during the third quarter, as well as a benefit of $13 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2019 tax returns. these items, together with a net tax benefit of $129 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in reconciliation of non-gaap measures, including restructuring and other ii-15
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
corporate matters, programming charges, and net gains from investments, reduced our effective income tax rate by 4.1 percentage points.
for 2019, we recorded a tax benefit of $29 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of (0.9)%. included in the benefit for income taxes were discrete items of $827 million, primarily consisting of a tax benefit of $768 million resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations, a tax benefit of $44 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2018 federal tax return, based on further clarity provided by the u.s. government on tax positions relating to the tax reform act, and a tax benefit of $39 million principally related to the bankruptcy of an investee. these items, taken together with a net tax benefit of $102 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in reconciliation of non-gaap measures, including restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges, and gain on sales, reduced the effective income tax rate by 23.6 percentage points.
in march 2020, the u.s. government enacted tax legislation containing provisions to support businesses during the covid-19 pandemic (the "cares act"), including deferment of the employer portion of certain payroll taxes, refundable payroll tax credits, and technical amendments to tax depreciation methods for qualified improvement property. the cares act did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for 2020. we do not expect the future impact of the cares act provisions to be material.
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax the following table presents equity in loss of investee companies for our equity-method investments.
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2020                         2019   $                             %
equity in loss of investee companies                     $(47)                    $(72)      $25            35                       %
tax benefit                                              19                          19      -                             -
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax         $(28)                    $(53)      $25            47                       %
for 2020, equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax includes an impairment charge of $9 million relating to an international television joint venture.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests year ended december 31,                                     2020            2019
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests       $(279)                   $(31)
for 2020, net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflects our joint venture partners' share of profit from the licensing of the domestic streaming rights to south park to an svod provider in the second quarter of 2020.
ii-16
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                 2020   2019                    $                               %
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to           $2,305                   $3,168      $(863)                          (27)      %
viacomcbs diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to             $3.73                    $5.13      $(1.40)                         (27)      %
viacomcbs for 2020, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations each decreased 27%, reflecting higher discrete tax benefits in 2019.
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax during the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our publishing business, simon & schuster, to penguin random house llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of bertelsmann se & co. kgaa. simon & schuster has been presented as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.
the following tables set forth details of net earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
year ended december 31, 2020                                                      simon &amp; schuster                          other (a)                  total revenues                                                                      $901                                     $-                               $901
costs and expenses:
operating                                                                      573                                   (19)                                554
selling, general and administrative                                            172                                      -                                172
depreciation and amortization                                                    5                                      -                                  5
restructuring charges                                                           10                                      -                                 10
total costs and expenses                                                       760                                   (19)                                741
operating income                                                               141                                     19                                160
other items, net                                                               (5)                                      -                                (5)
earnings from discontinued operations                                          136                                     19                                155
income tax provision                                                          (34)                                    (4)                               (38)
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax                         $102                                    $15                               $117
year ended december 31, 2019                                                      simon &amp; schuster                          other (a)                  total revenues                                                                      $814                                     $-                               $814
costs and expenses:
operating                                                                      510                                   (50)                                460
selling, general and administrative                                            166                                      -                                166
depreciation and amortization                                                    5                                      -                                  5
restructuring charges                                                            6                                      -                                  6
total costs and expenses                                                       687                                   (50)                                637
operating income                                                               127                                     50                                177
other items, net                                                               (5)                                      -                                (5)
earnings from discontinued operations                                          122                                     50                                172
income tax provision                                                          (20)                                   (12)                               (32)
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax                         $102                                    $38                               $140
(a) primarily relates to indemnification obligations for leases associated with the previously discontinued operations of famous players inc. ("famous players").
ii-17
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
consolidated results of operations- 2019 vs. 2018
revenues revenues by type                                                     % of total                                                  % of total                                   increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2019                            revenues                    2018                            revenues                                      $              %
advertising                     $11,074                      41   %                          $10,841                     41   %                           $233                             2    %
affiliate                         8,602                      32                                8,376                     32                                226                             3
content licensing                 6,483                      24                                6,163                     23                                320                             5
theatrical                          547                       2                                  744                      3                              (197)                          (26)
other                               292                       1                                  301                      1                                (9)                           (3)
total revenues                  $26,998                     100   %                          $26,425                    100   %                           $573                             2    %
advertising for 2019, the 2% increase in advertising revenues was driven by 5% growth in domestic advertising revenues, reflecting cbs' broadcast of tentpole sporting events in 2019, mainly super bowl liii and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament, as well as higher revenues from our streaming businesses, including pluto tv. these increases were partially offset by lower political advertising sales at our owned television stations, as a result of the benefit to 2018 from midterm elections. international advertising revenues decreased 14%, reflecting the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes, as well as softness in the australian and u.k. markets, partially offset by increases in pricing and political advertising in argentina. foreign exchange rate changes had an unfavorable impact of 1-percentage point on the total advertising revenues comparison and 9-percentage points on the international advertising revenues comparison.
affiliate for 2019, the 3% increase in affiliate revenues reflects 20% growth in reverse compensation and retransmission fee revenues, driven by annual contractual increases and contract renewals with mvpds and vmvpds, as well as 45% growth from our streaming services, including cbs all access and showtime ott, driven by subscriber growth. these increases were partially offset by 5% lower cable affiliate fees, mainly resulting from subscriber declines. domestic affiliate revenues increased 4%, while international affiliate revenues decreased 6% from 2018 driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes. foreign exchange rate changes had an unfavorable impact of 1-percentage point on the total affiliate revenues comparison and 6-percentage points on the international affiliate revenues comparison.
content licensing for 2019, content licensing revenues increased 5%, primarily reflecting higher revenues from the domestic licensing of our content, driven by the production of programming for third parties and the licensing of programming to svod providers. these increases were partially offset by a decline in international licensing revenues.
theatrical for 2019, theatrical revenues decreased 26%, principally reflecting a difficult comparison to 2018, which included the releases of mission: impossible - fallout and a quiet place. theatrical revenues in 2019 benefited from the releases of rocketman, gemini man and dora and the lost city of gold, as well as the continued success of the 2018 release, bumblebee. domestic theatrical revenues decreased 31% and international theatrical revenues decreased 23%.
ii-18
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
other for 2019, other revenues decreased 3%, mainly reflecting lower revenues from the rental of our production facilities as a result of the sale of cbs television city in january 2019.
operating expenses
% of total                                                  % of total operating expenses by type                                                              operating                                                   operating                                     increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2019                             expense                    2018                             expense                                        $              %
production                                         $6,797                      41   %                           $6,483                     42   %                             $314                             5    %
programming                                         4,287                      26                                3,965                     26                                  322                             8
participation, residual and distribution            3,147                      19                                3,057                     20                                   90                             3
programming charges                                   589                       3                                  162                      1                                  427                                n/m other                                               1,893                      11                                1,732                     11                                  161                             9
total operating expenses                          $16,713                     100   %                          $15,399                    100   %                           $1,314                             9    %
n/m - not meaningful production for 2019, the 5% increase in production expenses reflected an increased investment in content, including a higher number of series produced for distribution on multiple platforms, including our streaming services and cable networks, as well as higher amortization of television production costs associated with the increase in content licensing revenues. these increases were partially offset by lower amortization of feature film costs, driven by costs in 2018 associated with mission: impossible - fallout.
programming for 2019, the 8% increase in programming expenses was driven by higher sports programming costs, mainly from cbs' broadcasts of super bowl liii and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament in 2019, which were not broadcast by cbs in 2018, and programming for pluto tv, which we acquired in march 2019. these increases were partially offset by lower amortization of acquired programming for our cable networks.
participation, residual and distribution for 2019, the 3% increase in participation, residual and distribution costs was driven by higher participation costs associated with the increase in content licensing revenues.
programming charges during 2019, in connection with the merger, we implemented management changes across the organization. in connection with these changes, we performed an evaluation of our programming portfolio across all of our businesses, including an assessment of the optimal use of our programming in the marketplace, which resulted in the identification of programs not aligned with management's strategy. as a result, we recorded programming charges of $589 million principally reflecting accelerated amortization associated with changes in the expected monetization of certain programs, and decisions to cease airing, alter future airing patterns or not renew certain programs.
ii-19
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
in addition, during 2018, in connection with management changes, we recorded programming charges of $162 million relating to changes to our programming strategy, including at cbs films, which shifted its focus from theatrical films to developing content for our streaming services, as well as at our cable networks segment where we ceased the use of certain programming.
other for 2019, the 9% increase in other operating expenses mainly reflected higher costs associated with growth and expansion of our streaming services.
selling, general and administrative expenses increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                     2019   2018                    $                             %
selling, general and administrative expenses          $5,481                   $5,048      $433           9                        %
for 2019, the 9% increase in sg&a expenses was driven by higher advertising and marketing costs, reflecting an increase in the number of series premieres and costs associated with our streaming services, as well as the inclusion of pluto tv and pop tv since their acquisitions in the first quarter of 2019. these increases were partially offset by cost savings associated with restructuring activities and compensation cost savings resulting from changes in senior management at cbs in 2018.
depreciation and amortization increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                    2019   2018                  $                             %
depreciation and amortization          $438                   $427      $11            3                        %
for 2019, depreciation and amortization expense includes an impairment charge of $20 million to reduce the carrying value of broadcast licenses in australia to their fair value.
restructuring and other corporate matters during 2019 and 2018, we recorded costs for restructuring and other corporate matters as follows:
year ended december 31,                                2019                  2018
severance                                          $395                   $234
exit costs and other                                 23                     75
restructuring charges                               418                    309
restructuring-related costs                           -                     52
merger-related costs                                294                      -
other corporate matters                              57                    128
restructuring and other corporate matters          $769                   $489
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded restructuring charges of $418 million, primarily for severance costs, including the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation, in connection with the merger, as well as costs related to a restructuring plan initiated in the first quarter of 2019 under which severance payments were provided to certain eligible employees who voluntarily elected to participate. in addition, in 2019 we incurred costs of $294 million in connection with the merger, consisting of financial advisory, legal and other professional fees, transaction-related bonuses, and contractual executive compensation, including the accelerated ii-20
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
vesting of stock-based compensation, that was triggered by the merger. we also incurred costs of $40 million in connection with the settlement of a commercial dispute and $17 million associated with legal proceedings involving the company (see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements) and other corporate matters.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded restructuring charges of $309 million resulting from cost transformation initiatives to improve margins, as well as restructuring-related costs of $52 million, comprised of third-party professional services associated with such initiatives. in addition, in 2018 we recorded expenses of $128 million primarily for professional fees related to legal proceedings, investigations at our company and the evaluation of potential merger activity.
included in restructuring charges for both 2019 and 2018 were costs resulting from the termination of contractual obligations and charges associated with the exit of leases.
gain on sales in 2019, we completed the sale of cbs television city for $750 million, which resulted in a gain of $549 million. we also recognized a tax benefit of $140 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 for the reversal of a valuation allowance relating to capital loss carryforwards that were utilized in connection with this sale.
interest expense and interest income increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2019   2018                      $                             %
interest expense                 $(962)                   $(1,030)      $(68)                         (7)       %
interest income                     $66                        $79      $(13)                         (16)      %
the following table presents our outstanding debt balances, excluding finance leases, and the weighted average interest rate as of december 31, 2019 and 2018:
weighted average                                            weighted average at december 31,                     2019   interest rate                       2018                    interest rate total long-term debt         $17,976       4.70                %                          $18,370      4.64                %
commercial paper                $699       2.07                %                             $674      3.02                %
net gains (losses) from investments for 2019, net gains from investment of $85 million included a gain on marketable securities of $113 million, gains of $22 million on the sale and acquisition of joint ventures, and an impairment charge of $50 million to write down an investment to its fair value. for 2018, the net loss on investments of $53 million included a loss on marketable securities of $23 million, an impairment charge of $46 million to write an investment down to its fair value, and a gain of $16 million on the sale of a 1% equity interest in viacom18 to our joint venture partner.
gain on early extinguishment of debt for 2018, we recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of $18 million associated with the redemption of senior notes and debentures prior to maturity totaling $1.13 billion.
ii-21
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
other items, net the following table presents the components of other items, net.
year ended december 31,                                  2019   2018
pension and postretirement benefit costs            $(99)                  $(65)
foreign exchange losses                              (18)                   (19)
other                                                   5                    (8)
other items, net                                   $(112)                  $(92)
benefit (provision) for income taxes for 2019, we recorded a tax benefit of $29 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of (0.9)%. included in the benefit for income taxes were discrete items of $827 million, primarily consisting of a tax benefit of $768 million resulting from the transfer of intangible assets between our subsidiaries in connection with a reorganization of our international operations, a tax benefit of $44 million realized in connection with the preparation of the 2018 federal tax return, based on further clarity provided by the u.s. government on tax positions relating to the tax reform act, and a tax benefit of $39 million principally related to the bankruptcy of an investee. these items, taken together with a net tax benefit of $102 million on the items identified as affecting comparability in reconciliation of non-gaap measures, including restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges, and gain on sales, reduced the effective income tax rate by 23.6 percentage points.
for 2018, the provision for income taxes was $580 million, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 14.6%. the provision for income taxes included discrete items of $297 million, primarily consisting of the reversal of a valuation allowance of $140 million relating to capital loss carryforwards that were utilized in connection with the sale of cbs television city in 2019; a tax benefit of $80 million relating to the tax reform act and other tax law changes; and a tax benefit of $71 million relating to a tax accounting method change granted by the irs.
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax the following table presents equity in loss of investee companies for our equity-method investments.
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2019                         2018            $                                        %
equity in loss of investee companies                     $(72)                    $(62)               $(10)                            (16)    %
tax benefit                                              19                          15      4                       27
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax         $(53)                    $(47)               $(6)                             (13)    %
ii-22
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                 2019   2018                    $                               %
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to           $3,168                   $3,320      $(152)                          (5)       %
viacomcbs diluted eps from continuing operations attributable to             $5.13                    $5.35      $(.22)                          (4)       %
viacomcbs for 2019, net earnings from continuing operations attributable to viacomcbs and diluted eps from continuing operations decreased 5% and 4%, respectively, primarily driven by the lower operating income, mainly reflecting our increased investment in content. the lower operating income was partially offset by the aforementioned discrete tax benefits.
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax the following tables set forth details of net earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
year ended december 31, 2019                                                      simon &amp; schuster                          other (a)                  total revenues                                                                      $814                                     $-                               $814
costs and expenses:
operating                                                                      510                                   (50)                                460
selling, general and administrative                                            166                                      -                                166
depreciation and amortization                                                    5                                      -                                  5
restructuring charges                                                            6                                      -                                  6
total costs and expenses                                                       687                                   (50)                                637
operating income                                                               127                                     50                                177
other items, net                                                               (5)                                      -                                (5)
earnings from discontinued operations                                          122                                     50                                172
income tax provision                                                          (20)                                   (12)                               (32)
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax                         $102                                    $38                               $140
year ended december 31, 2018                                                      simon &amp; schuster                          other (a)                  total revenues                                                                      $825                                     $-                               $825
costs and expenses:
operating                                                                      518                                   (42)                                476
selling, general and administrative                                            158                                      -                                158
depreciation and amortization                                                    6                                      -                                  6
restructuring charges                                                            1                                      -                                  1
total costs and expenses                                                       683                                   (42)                                641
operating income                                                               142                                     42                                184
other items, net                                                               (2)                                      -                                (2)
earnings from discontinued operations                                          140                                     42                                182
income tax provision                                                          (37)                                   (10)                               (47)
net earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax                         $103                                    $32                               $135
(a) primarily relates to indemnification obligations for leases associated with the previously discontinued operations of famous players.
ii-23
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
segments we operate in the following three segments:
tv entertainment: tv entertainment consists of the cbs television network, our domestic broadcast network; cbs studios and cbs media ventures, our television production and syndication operations; our cbs-branded streaming services, including cbs all access (to be rebranded as paramount+ in march 2021) and cbsn, among others; cbs sports network, our cable network focused on college athletics and other sports; and cbs television stations, our owned broadcast television stations. tv entertainment's revenues are generated primarily from advertising sales, the licensing and distribution of content, and affiliate revenues, comprised of reverse compensation, retransmission fees, and subscription fees for our streaming services.
cable networks: cable networks operates a portfolio of premium subscription cable networks, including showtime; basic cable networks including bet, nickelodeon, mtv, comedy central, paramount network, and smithsonian channel, among others; streaming services including pluto tv, showtime ott, noggin, and bet+; international extensions of these brands; and our international free-to-air broadcast networks, including network 10, channel 5 and telefe. cable networks' revenues are generated primarily from affiliate revenues, comprised of fees from mvpds and vmvpds for carriage of our cable networks, and subscription fees from our streaming services; advertising sales; and the licensing of our content and brands.
filmed entertainment: our filmed entertainment segment operates paramount pictures, paramount players, paramount animation, and paramount television studios, and also includes miramax, a consolidated joint venture. filmed entertainment's revenues are generated primarily from the release and/or distribution of films theatrically, the release and/or distribution of film and television product through home entertainment, the licensing of film and television product to television and digital platforms and other ancillary activities.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell simon & schuster, which was previously reported as the publishing segment. simon & schuster has been presented as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.
we present operating income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, costs for restructuring and other corporate matters, programming charges and gain on sales, each where applicable ("adjusted oibda"), as the primary measure of profit and loss for our operating segments in accordance with fasb guidance for segment reporting. we believe the presentation of adjusted oibda is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view segment performance in a manner similar to the primary method used by our management and enhances their ability to understand our operating performance. stock-based compensation is excluded from our segment measure of profit and loss because it is set and approved by our board of directors in consultation with corporate executive management. stock-based compensation is included as a component of our consolidated adjusted oibda. the reconciliation of adjusted oibda to our consolidated net earnings is presented in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
ii-24
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
segment results of operations - 2020 vs. 2019
% of total                                                  % of total            increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2020                            revenues   2019                                             revenues            $                                            %
revenues:
tv entertainment                $10,700                      42   %                          $11,924                     44   %                        $(1,224)                             (10)    %
cable networks                   12,589                      50                               12,449                     46                   140                         1
filmed entertainment              2,562                      10                                2,990                     11                            (428)                                (14)
corporate/eliminations            (566)                     (2)                                (365)                    (1)                            (201)                                (55)
total revenues                  $25,285                     100   %                          $26,998                    100   %                        $(1,713)                              (6)    %
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2020                    2019                                        $              %
adjusted oibda:
tv entertainment                                   $1,857                   $2,443                  $(586)                          (24)    %
cable networks                                      3,746                    3,515                     231                             7
filmed entertainment                                  215                       80                     135                           169
corporate/eliminations                              (500)                    (449)                    (51)                          (11)
stock-based compensation                            (186)                    (196)                      10                             5
total adjusted oibda                                5,132                    5,393                   (261)                           (5)
depreciation and amortization                       (430)                    (438)                       8                             2
restructuring and other corporate matters           (618)                    (769)                     151                                n/m programming charges                                 (159)                    (589)                     430                                n/m gain on sales                                         214                      549                   (335)                                n/m total operating income                             $4,139                   $4,146                    $(7)                             -    %
n/m - not meaningful increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                          2020                  2019                             $              %
depreciation and amortization:
tv entertainment                             $162                   $150          $12        8                         %
cable networks                                205                    219         (14)                           (6)
filmed entertainment                           36                     37          (1)                           (3)
corporate                                      27                     32          (5)                          (16)
total depreciation and amortization          $430                   $438         $(8)                           (2)    %
ii-25
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
tv entertainment increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2020                    2019            $                                            %
advertising                      $5,035                   $6,008               $(973)                               (16)    %
affiliate                         3,129                    2,550                       579        23
content licensing                 2,369                    3,157               (788)                                (25)
other                               167                      209               (42)                                 (20)
revenues                        $10,700                  $11,924               $(1,224)                             (10)    %
adjusted oibda                   $1,857                   $2,443               $(586)                               (24)    %
revenues for 2020, the 10% decrease in revenues was mainly driven by the comparison against cbs' broadcasts of tentpole sporting events in 2019, the impact of covid-19 on our business during 2020, including weakness in the advertising market and the delay to the start of the television broadcast season, and lower content licensing revenues, partially offset by growth in affiliate revenues.
advertising the 16% decrease in advertising revenues was primarily driven by the aforementioned impact of covid-19, as well as the comparison against cbs' broadcasts of super bowl liii and the ncaa tournament in 2019. under the current contract with the nfl, the super bowl is broadcast on the cbs television network on a rotating basis with other networks through the 2022 season, with cbs broadcasting these games in 2019 and 2021. the 2020 ncaa tournament, which was scheduled to be broadcast by cbs in the first quarter of 2020, was cancelled as a result of covid-19. in addition, the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament, which are broadcast by cbs every other year through 2032 under agreements with the ncaa and turner, were broadcast on cbs in the second quarter of 2019. advertising revenues in 2020 benefited from record political advertising associated with the u.s. presidential election in 2020.
affiliate affiliate revenues grew 23%, reflecting 19% growth in reverse compensation and retransmission fee revenues, as well as subscriber growth at cbs all access.
content licensing content licensing revenues decreased 25%, mainly due to a lower volume of licensing of our programming during 2020, as 2019 included several significant licensing agreements for library programming and the licensing of the final season of several series, including jane the virgin and elementary, and 2020 was impacted by production delays related to covid-19.
other other revenues decreased 20%, primarily reflecting lower revenues from the rental of our production facilities as a result of production shutdowns due to covid-19.
revenues in 2021 will benefit from the cbs television network's broadcasts of super bowl lv and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament. comparability in 2021 will be negatively ii-26
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
impacted, however, by lower political advertising revenues driven by the comparison against the u.s. presidential election in 2020.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 24% driven by the decline in revenues and increased costs to support the growth and expansion of cbs all access. these decreases were partially offset by lower production and programming costs as a result of the comparison against the broadcast of major sporting events in 2019, production shutdowns in 2020 due to covid-19, and the mix of programming. participation expense was also lower as a result of the decline in content licensing revenues.
cable networks increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2020   2019                                                         $              %
advertising                      $4,743                   $5,129                  $(386)                           (8)    %
affiliate                         6,037                    6,052                    (15)                             -
content licensing                 1,809                    1,268      541                                           43
revenues                        $12,589                  $12,449                    $140                             1    %
adjusted oibda                   $3,746                   $3,515                    $231                             7    %
revenues for 2020, revenues increased 1%, due to higher content licensing revenues, mainly reflecting the licensing of the domestic streaming rights for south park to an svod provider, partially offset by a decline in advertising revenues. domestic revenues increased 4% while international revenues decreased 10%, including a 2-percentage point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes.
advertising advertising revenues decreased 8% primarily driven by the adverse effects of covid-19. domestic advertising revenues decreased 6%, reflecting lower linear impressions, including from weakness in the advertising market as a result of covid-19. this decrease was partially offset by growth from our streaming businesses, including revenues from pluto tv, which was acquired in march 2019, and higher pricing. international advertising revenues decreased 12%, primarily reflecting weakness in the advertising market. foreign exchange rate changes had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on both worldwide and international advertising revenues.
affiliate domestic affiliate revenues remained flat, as the declines in subscribers at our cable networks were offset by growth from our subscription streaming services, including showtime ott, bet+, and noggin, and the launch of our basic cable networks on a vmvpd service. international affiliate revenues decreased 3%, including a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes.
content licensing the 43% increase in content licensing revenues was primarily the result of growth from the domestic licensing of programming to svod providers, mainly from south park, and higher download-to-own revenues, led by sales of yellowstone.
ii-27
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda increased 7%, driven by the revenue growth and lower sg&a expenses, reflecting lower advertising and promotion costs due to the broadcast of fewer original programs, savings from restructuring and other cost savings initiatives, as well as lower travel and entertainment expenses associated with shutdowns resulting from covid-19. these cost decreases were partially offset by higher participation costs associated with the mix of titles licensed each year.
filmed entertainment increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2020                    2019            $                                          %
theatrical                         $180                     $547               $(367)                             (67)    %
home entertainment                  709                      623      86                        14
licensing                         1,598                    1,709               (111)                               (6)
other                                75                      111               (36)                               (32)
revenues                         $2,562                   $2,990               $(428)                             (14)    %
adjusted oibda                     $215                      $80               $135             169                       %
revenues for 2020, the 14% decrease in revenues reflects the impact from the closure or reduction in capacity of movie theaters in response to covid-19 throughout most of 2020.
theatrical the 67% decrease in theatrical revenues reflects the impact from the closure or reduction in capacity of movie theaters throughout most of 2020. theatrical revenues during the current year benefited from the theatrical release of sonic the hedgehog in the first quarter, while the prior year benefited from several significant theatrical releases.
home entertainment the 14% increase in home entertainment revenues was driven by higher sales of catalog titles and titles from miramax, which was acquired in 2020. the current year benefited from the 2020 releases of sonic the hedgehog and terminator: dark fate, as well as gemini man, which was released in the home entertainment market in late 2019, while the prior-year benefited from bumblebee, rocketman, mission: impossible - fallout and instant family.
licensing the 6% decrease in licensing revenues was primarily due to lower revenues from the licensing of catalog titles, television programming produced for third parties and music rights. these decreases were partially offset by the licensing of miramax titles in 2020 and current year releases, including lovebirds and the international licensing of the spongebob movie: sponge on the run.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda increased $135 million as the revenue decline was more than offset by lower distribution and film production costs resulting from fewer theatrical releases in the current year due to covid-19. fluctuations in results for the filmed entertainment segment may occur as a result of the timing of the recognition of ii-28
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
distribution costs, including print and advertising, which are generally incurred before and throughout the theatrical release of a film, while the revenues for the respective film are recognized as earned through the film's theatrical exhibition and subsequent distribution windows.
segment results of operations - 2019 vs. 2018
% of total                                                  % of total                                   increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2019                            revenues   2018                                             revenues                                      $              %
revenues:
tv entertainment                $11,924                      44   %                          $11,061                     42   %                           $863                             8    %
cable networks                   12,449                      46                               12,683                     48                              (234)                           (2)
filmed entertainment              2,990                      11                                2,956                     11                   34                                           1
corporate/eliminations            (365)                     (1)                                (275)                    (1)                               (90)                          (33)
total revenues                  $26,998                     100   %                          $26,425                    100   %                           $573                             2    %
increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                                  2019   2018                                                         $              %
adjusted oibda:
tv entertainment                                   $2,443                   $2,466                   $(23)                           (1)    %
cable networks                                      3,515                    4,341                   (826)                          (19)
filmed entertainment                                   80                     (33)                     113                                n/m corporate/eliminations                              (449)                    (433)                    (16)                           (4)
stock-based compensation                            (196)                    (201)                       5        2
total adjusted oibda                                5,393                    6,140                   (747)                          (12)
depreciation and amortization                       (438)                    (427)                    (11)                           (3)
restructuring and other corporate matters           (769)                    (489)                   (280)                                n/m programming charges                                 (589)                    (162)                   (427)                                n/m gain on sale                                          549                        -                     549                                n/m total operating income                             $4,146                   $5,062                  $(916)                          (18)    %
n/m - not meaningful increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                          2019                  2018                                      $              %
depreciation and amortization:
tv entertainment                             $150                   $160                 $(10)                           (6)    %
cable networks                                219                    194      25                      13
filmed entertainment                           37                     38                   (1)                           (3)
corporate                                      32                     35                   (3)                           (9)
total depreciation and amortization          $438                   $427                   $11        3                         %
ii-29
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
tv entertainment increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2019                    2018                                      $              %
advertising                      $6,008                   $5,751                  $257                             4    %
affiliate                         2,550                    2,082                   468                            22
content licensing                 3,157                    3,006                   151                             5
other                               209                      222                  (13)                           (6)
revenues                        $11,924                  $11,061                  $863                             8    %
adjusted oibda                   $2,443                   $2,466                 $(23)                           (1)    %
revenues for 2019, the 8% increase in tv entertainment revenues reflects growth across each of the segment's main revenue streams.
advertising the 4% increase in advertising revenues was driven by cbs' broadcasts of super bowl liii and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament in 2019, partially offset by the timing of other sporting events and lower political advertising as a result of the benefit to 2018 from midterm elections. the super bowl is broadcast on the cbs television network on a rotating basis with other networks through the 2022 season under the current contract with the nfl and the national semifinals and championship games of the ncaa tournament are broadcast on the cbs television network every other year through 2032 under the current agreement with the ncaa and turner.
affiliate affiliate revenues grew 22% primarily as a result of a 20% increase in reverse compensation and retransmission fee revenues as well as subscriber growth at cbs all access.
content licensing content licensing increased 5%, driven by higher revenues from the production of programming for third parties, including unbelievable and dead to me, and higher revenues from the licensing of library programming to svod providers.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 1% as a result of an increased investment in content and higher costs associated with the growth and expansion of our streaming services, partially offset by higher revenues.
ii-30
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cable networks increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2019   2018                             $                                          %
advertising                      $5,129                   $5,130               $(1)                                  -    %
affiliate                         6,052                    6,294               (242)                               (4)
content licensing                 1,268                    1,259      9                         1
revenues                        $12,449                  $12,683               $(234)                              (2)    %
adjusted oibda                   $3,515                   $4,341               $(826)                             (19)    %
revenues for 2019, revenues decreased 2% from 2018, reflecting an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rate changes of 2-percentage points. domestic revenues remained substantially flat compared with 2018 as higher advertising revenues were offset by a decline in affiliate revenues. international revenues decreased 9% mainly as a result of a 7-percentage point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes.
advertising advertising revenues remained flat compared with 2018 and included an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 3-percentage points. domestic advertising revenues increased 6%, reflecting higher revenues from our streaming businesses, including pluto tv, which was acquired in march 2019. the domestic advertising growth also reflects higher pricing and the inclusion of the results of pop tv. we began consolidating pop tv in march 2019 when we acquired the 50% stake we did not own, which brought our ownership to 100%. these increases were partially offset by lower linear impressions. international advertising revenues decreased 13%, mainly reflecting the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 9-percentage points, as well as softness in the australian and u.k. markets, partially offset by increases in pricing and political advertising in argentina.
affiliate affiliate revenues decreased 4%, which included a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rate changes. domestic affiliate revenues decreased 4%, primarily driven by declines in traditional mvpd subscribers at our cable networks. these declines were partially offset by growth from showtime ott, the inclusion of the results of pop tv, and contractual rate increases under carriage agreements. international affiliate revenues decreased 6%, reflecting a 6-percentage point unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes.
content licensing the 1% increase in content licensing revenues, which includes the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate changes of 1-percentage point, was the result of increased revenues from the production of programming for third parties, including the real world and bellator mixed martial arts events. these increases were partially offset by lower secondary market revenue, driven by the renewal of a significant domestic licensing agreement for the showtime original series, dexter, in 2018.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 19%, driven by lower revenues as well as increased investment in content and higher advertising and promotion expenses.
ii-31
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
filmed entertainment increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                2019                    2018                                        $              %
theatrical                         $547                     $744                  $(197)                          (26)    %
home entertainment                  623                      617                       6                             1
licensing                         1,709                    1,493                     216                            14
other                               111                      102                       9                             9
revenues                         $2,990                   $2,956                     $34                             1    %
adjusted oibda                      $80                    $(33)                    $113                                n/m n/m - not meaningful revenues for 2019, the 1% increase in revenues reflects growth in licensing revenues, partially offset by lower theatrical revenues. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on the revenue comparison.
theatrical the 26% decrease in theatrical revenues principally reflects a difficult comparison to 2018, which included the releases of mission: impossible - fallout and a quiet place. theatrical revenues in 2019 benefited from the releases of rocketman, gemini man and dora and the lost city of gold, as well as the continued success of the 2018 release, bumblebee. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on theatrical revenues.
home entertainment the 1% increase in home entertainment revenues was driven by the number and mix of titles in release. significant 2019 releases included bumblebee, rocketman, instant family, and pet sematary, while 2018 benefited from the releases of mission: impossible - fallout, daddy's home 2 and a quiet place. changes in foreign exchange rates resulted in a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on the revenue comparison.
licensing the 14% growth in licensing revenues was driven by increases in licensing of film catalog titles to svod providers and recent releases to pay television services. foreign exchange rate changes had a 1-percentage point unfavorable impact on licensing revenues.
other the 9% increase in other revenues was driven by higher studio rental revenues.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda for 2019 increased to $80 million from a loss of $33 million for 2018, principally driven by higher profits from licensing of film library titles. this increase was partially offset by costs associated with future film releases and higher incentive compensation costs. fluctuations in results for the filmed entertainment segment may occur as a result of the timing of the recognition of print and advertising expenses, which are generally incurred before and throughout the theatrical release of a film, while the revenues for the respective film are recognized as earned through the film's theatrical exhibition and subsequent distribution windows.
ii-32
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash we project anticipated cash requirements for our operating, investing and financing needs as well as cash flows generated from operating activities available to meet these needs. our operating needs include, among other items, commitments for sports programming rights, television and film programming, talent contracts, leases, interest payments, income tax payments and pension funding obligations. our investing and financing spending includes capital expenditures, investments and acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness. we believe that our operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity under our $3.50 billion credit facility, and access to capital markets are sufficient to fund our operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months.
our funding for short-term and long-term obligations will come primarily from cash flows from operating activities. any additional cash funding requirements are financed with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and long-term debt. to the extent that commercial paper is not available to us, the credit facility provides sufficient capacity to satisfy short-term borrowing needs. we routinely assess our capital structure and opportunistically enter into transactions to lower our interest expense, which could result in a charge from the early extinguishment of debt.
funding for our long-term debt obligations due over the next five years of $5.11 billion is expected to come from our ability to refinance our debt, cash generated from operating activities, and proceeds from non-core asset sales.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we issued $4.50 billion of senior notes with interest rates ranging from 4.20% to 4.95% and due dates from 2025 to 2050. the net proceeds from these issuances are being used for the redemption of our long-term debt as well as for general corporate purposes. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we redeemed, prior to maturity, senior notes, debentures, and junior subordinated debentures totaling $2.77 billion, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.88 billion.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we announced that we entered into an agreement to sell simon & schuster for $2.175 billion in cash, which is expected to close in 2021, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. in addition, we completed the sale of cmg for cash proceeds of $459 million and advertising and data licensing credits of $25 million. these divestitures are a result of a strategic review of our non-core assets. proceeds from these transactions will be used to invest in our strategic growth priorities, including in streaming, as well as to fund the dividend and pay down debt.
the ongoing impact of covid-19 could have a negative effect on our financial condition or our ability to fund operations, dividends or future investment opportunities due to an increase in the cost of, or difficulty in, obtaining debt or equity financing, or our ability to comply with the leverage covenant in our credit facility in the future. the magnitude of the continuing impact on our financial condition and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or control, including the duration and extent of the pandemic, the impact of federal, state, local and foreign governmental actions, consumer behavior in response to the pandemic and such governmental actions, and the economic and operating conditions that we may face in the aftermath of covid-19.
ii-33
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
our access to capital markets can be impacted by factors outside our control, including economic conditions; however, we believe that our strong cash flows and balance sheet, our credit facility and our credit rating will provide us with adequate access to funding for our expected cash needs. the cost of any new borrowings are affected by market conditions and short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to access capital markets on terms and conditions that will be favorable to us.
at december 31, 2020, we had $2.36 billion of remaining availability under our share repurchase program. any share repurchases under the program are expected to be funded by cash flows from operations and, as appropriate, with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and/or the issuance of long-term debt.
cash flows the changes in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were as follows:
increase/ (decrease)                                                     increase/ (decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                 2020                    2019                                  2020 vs. 2019                    2018                                    2019 vs. 2018
cash provided by operating activities from:
continuing operations                                             $2,215                   $1,171                        $1,044                                   $3,324                        $(2,153)
discontinued operations                                               79                       59                            20                                      140                            (81)
cash provided by operating activities                              2,294                    1,230                         1,064                                    3,464                         (2,234)
cash provided by (used for) investing activities from:
continuing operations                                                 63                    (145)                           208                                    (581)                             436
discontinued operations                                              (7)                     (10)                             3                                     (30)                              20
cash provided by (used for) investing activities                      56                    (155)                           211                                    (611)                             456
cash used for financing activities                                  (90)                  (1,216)                         1,126                                  (2,531)                           1,315
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash                         25                      (1)                            26                                     (25)                              24
equivalents and restricted cash net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and             $2,285                   $(142)                        $2,427                                     $297                          $(439)
restricted cash operating activities.  the increase in cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily driven by significantly lower spending, including for programming, production, advertising and distribution costs resulting from production shutdowns related to covid-19 and cost savings, as well as lower payments for income taxes. these impacts were partially offset by the decline in revenues and higher payments for restructuring, merger-related costs, and costs to achieve synergies.
the decrease in cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for 2019 compared with 2018 was primarily driven by increased spending for television and film programming, higher payments for income taxes and payments of $132 million associated with costs related to the merger.
cash paid for income taxes from continuing operations decreased to $411 million for 2020 from $560 million for 2019. the comparison was impacted by a payment in 2019 as a result of guidance issued by the u.s. government in january 2019 relating to the transition tax on cumulative foreign earnings and profits that resulted from the enactment of federal tax legislation in december 2017. the increase in cash payments for income taxes from continuing operations for 2019 compared to $153 million for 2018 was primarily due to the aforementioned payment in 2019, as well as a benefit to 2018 from the application of a federal income tax overpayment carryforward from 2017.
ii-34
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations reflects the operating activities of simon & schuster.
investing activities year ended december 31,                                                              2020                    2019                    2018
investments (a)                                                                 $(59)                   $(171)                  $(161)
capital expenditures                                                            (324)                    (345)                   (345)
acquisitions, net of cash acquired (b)                                          (147)                    (399)                   (118)
proceeds from dispositions (c)                                                    593                      756                      39
other investing activities from continuing operations                               -                       14                       4
cash flow provided by (used for) investing activities from continuing              63                    (145)                   (581)
operations cash flow used for investing activities from discontinued operations              (7)                     (10)                    (30)
cash flow provided by (used for) investing activities                             $56                   $(155)                  $(611)
(a) primarily includes our investment in the cw.
(b) 2020 primarily reflects the acquisition of miramax, a global film and television studio. 2019 primarily reflects the acquisition of pluto inc. and the remaining 50% interest in pop tv, a general entertainment cable network. 2018 primarily reflects the acquisitions of whosay inc., a leading influence marketing firm, pop culture media, a digital entertainment media company, and vidcon llc, a host of conferences dedicated to online video.
(c) 2020 reflects the sale of cmg and marketable securities. 2019 primarily reflects the sale of cbs television city.
financing activities year ended december 31,                                                       2020                      2019   2018
(repayments of) proceeds from short-term debt borrowings, net           $(706)                        $25                      $(5)
proceeds from issuance of senior notes                                   4,375                        492                         -
repayment of long-term debt                                            (2,901)                      (910)                   (1,102)
dividends                                                                (600)                      (595)                     (599)
purchase of the company's class b common stock                            (58)                       (57)                     (586)
payment of payroll taxes in lieu of issuing shares for                    (93)                       (56)                      (67)
stock-based compensation all other financing activities, net                                      (107)                      (115)                     (172)
cash flow used for financing activities                                  $(90)                   $(1,216)                  $(2,531)
free cash flow free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. free cash flow reflects our net cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations less capital expenditures. our calculation of free cash flow includes capital expenditures because investment in capital expenditures is a use of cash that is directly related to our operations. our net cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations is the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available to us to service debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments, maintain our capital assets, satisfy our tax obligations, and fund ongoing operations and working capital needs. as a result, free cash flow is a significant measure of our ability to generate long-term value. it is useful for investors to know whether this ability is being enhanced or degraded as a result of our operating performance. we believe the presentation of free cash flow is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to evaluate the cash generated from our underlying ii-35
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
operations in a manner similar to the method used by management. free cash flow is among several components of incentive compensation targets for certain management personnel. in addition, free cash flow is a primary measure used externally by our investors, analysts and industry peers for purposes of valuation and comparison of our operating performance to other companies in our industry.
as free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with gaap, free cash flow should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, either net cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations as a measure of liquidity or net earnings as a measure of operating performance. free cash flow, as we calculate it, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. in addition, free cash flow as a measure of liquidity has certain limitations, does not necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use and is not necessarily a measure of our ability to fund our cash needs.
the following table presents a reconciliation of our net cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations to free cash flow.
year ended december 31,                                                                         2020   2019                    2018
net cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations (gaap)          $2,215                   $1,171                  $3,324
capital expenditures                                                                       (324)                    (345)                   (345)
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                                                 $1,891                     $826                  $2,979
dividends we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our class a and class b common stock during each of the quarters of 2020, resulting in total dividends for the year of $601 million, or $.96 per share. on december 19, 2019, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $.24 per share on our class a and class b common stock, resulting in total dividends of $150 million. prior to the merger, viacom and cbs each declared a quarterly cash dividend during each of the first three quarters of 2019 and during each of the four quarters of 2018. during the first three quarters of 2019, cbs declared total per share dividends of $.54, resulting in total dividends of $205 million. for the year ended december 31, 2018, cbs declared total per share dividends of $.72, resulting in total annual dividends of $274 million. during the first three quarters of 2019, viacom declared total per share dividends of $.60, resulting in total dividends of $245 million. for the year ended december 31, 2018, viacom declared total per share dividends of $.80, resulting in total annual dividends of $325 million.
on february 9, 2021, viacomcbs declared a quarterly cash dividend of $.24 per share on its class a and class b common stock, payable on april 1, 2021.
share repurchase program during 2020, we repurchased 1.3 million shares of viacomcbs class b common stock under our share repurchase program for $50 million, at an average cost of $38.63 per share. at december 31, 2020, $2.36 billion of authorization remained under the share repurchase program.
ii-36
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
capital structure the following table sets forth our debt.
at december 31,                                             2020                    2019
commercial paper                                          $-                     $699
senior debt (2.250%-7.875% due 2021-2050)             18,455                   16,690
junior debt (5.875%-6.250% due 2057)                   1,157                    1,286
other bank borrowings                                     95                        -
obligations under finance leases                          26                       44
total debt (a)                                        19,733                   18,719
less commercial paper                                      -                      699
less current portion of long-term debt                    16                       18
total long-term debt, net of current portion         $19,717                  $18,002
(a)    at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the senior and junior subordinated debt balances included (i) a net unamortized discount of $491 million and $412 million, respectively, and (ii) unamortized deferred financing costs of $107 million and $92 million, respectively. the face value of our total debt was $20.33 billion at december 31, 2020 and $19.23 billion at december 31, 2019.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we issued $4.50 billion of senior notes with interest rates ranging from 4.20% to 4.95% and due dates from 2025 to 2050. the net proceeds from these issuances are being used for the redemption of our long-term debt as well as for general corporate purposes. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we redeemed, prior to maturity, senior notes, debentures, and junior subordinated debentures totaling $2.77 billion, for an aggregate redemption price of $2.88 billion. these redemptions resulted in a pre-tax loss on extinguishment of debt of $126 million ($97 million, net of tax).
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we issued $500 million of 4.20% senior notes due 2029. we used the net proceeds from this issuance in the redemption of our $600 million outstanding 2.30% senior notes due august 2019. during 2019, we also repaid the $220 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.625% senior notes due september 2019 and the $90 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.75% senior notes due december 2019.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we redeemed $1.13 billion of senior notes and debentures for a redemption price of $1.10 billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain on extinguishment of debt of $18 million ($14 million, net of tax).
our 5.875% junior subordinated debentures due february 2057 and 6.25% junior subordinated debentures due february 2057 accrue interest at the stated fixed rates until february 28, 2022 and february 28, 2027, respectively, on which dates the rates will switch to floating rates based on three-month libor plus 3.895% and 3.899%, respectively, reset quarterly. these debentures can be called by us at any time after the expiration of the fixed-rate period.
the subordination, interest deferral option and extended term of the junior subordinated debentures provide significant credit protection measures for senior creditors and, as a result of these features, the debentures received a 50% equity credit by standard & poor's rating services and fitch ratings inc., and a 25% equity credit by moody's investors service, inc.
the interest rate payable on our 2.25% senior notes due february 2022 and 3.45% senior notes due october 2026, collectively the "senior notes", will be subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's investor services, inc. or s&p global ratings downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to the ii-37
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
senior notes. the interest rate on these senior notes would increase by 0.25% upon each credit agency downgrade up to a maximum of 2.00%, and would similarly be decreased for subsequent upgrades. at december 31, 2020, the outstanding principal amount of our 2.25% senior notes due february 2022 and 3.45% senior notes due october 2026 was $35 million and $124 million, respectively.
some of our outstanding notes and debentures provide for certain covenant packages typical for an investment grade company. there is an acceleration trigger for the majority of the notes and debentures in the event of a change in control under specified circumstances coupled with ratings downgrades due to the change in control, as well as certain optional redemption provisions for our junior debentures.
commercial paper in january 2020, our commercial paper program was increased to $3.50 billion from $2.50 billion in conjunction with the new $3.50 billion revolving credit facility described below. at december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. at december 31, 2019, we had $699 million outstanding commercial paper borrowings under our commercial paper program at a weighted average interest rate of 2.07% and maturities of less than 90 days.
credit facility in january 2020, the $2.50 billion revolving credit facility held by cbs prior to the merger, with a maturity in june 2021, was terminated and the revolving credit facility held by viacom prior to the merger, with a maturity in february 2024, was amended and restated to a $3.50 billion revolving credit facility with a maturity in january 2025 (the "credit facility"). the credit facility is used for general corporate purposes and to support commercial paper outstanding, if any. we may, at our option, also borrow in certain foreign currencies up to specified limits under the credit facility. borrowing rates under the credit facility are determined at our option at the time of each borrowing and are generally based on either the prime rate in the u.s. or libor plus a margin based on our senior unsecured debt rating, depending on the type and tenor of the loans entered. the credit facility has one principal financial covenant that requires our consolidated total leverage ratio to be less than 4.5x (which we may elect to increase to 5.0x for up to four consecutive quarters following a qualified acquisition) at the end of each quarter. the consolidated total leverage ratio reflects the ratio of our consolidated indebtedness at the end of a quarter, to our consolidated ebitda (each as defined in the amended credit agreement) for the trailing twelve-month period. we met the covenant as of december 31, 2020.
at december 31, 2020, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and the remaining availability under the credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, was $3.50 billion.
other bank borrowings at december 31, 2020, we had $95 million of bank borrowings with a weighted average interest rate of 3.50% under miramax's $300 million credit facility, which matures in april 2023.
ii-38
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020, payments due by period under our significant contractual obligations with remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows:
payments due by period
2026 and total                    2021                  2022-2023                  2024-2025                 thereafter off-balance sheet arrangements programming and talent commitments (a)                $9,852                   $2,625                  $4,269                     $1,224                     $1,734
purchase obligations (b)                               1,377                      501                     614                        201                         61
on-balance sheet arrangements operating leases (c)                                   2,269                      372                     575                        406                        916
long-term debt obligations (d)                        20,210                        -                   2,165                      2,942                     15,103
interest commitments on long-term debt (e)            14,756                      970                   1,904                      1,680                     10,202
finance leases (including interest) (f)                   28                       17                       9                          2                          -
other long-term contractual obligations (g)            1,734                        -                   1,261                        440                         33
total                                                $50,226                   $4,485                 $10,797                     $6,895                    $28,049
(a) our programming and talent commitments include $5.98 billion for sports programming rights and $3.87 billion relating to the production and licensing of television and film programming, including talent contracts.
(b) purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including open purchase orders.
(c) consists of operating lease commitments for office space, equipment, satellite transponders and studio facilities. amounts reflect future minimum payments, excluding interest.
(d) reflects long-term debt obligations at face value, excluding finance leases.
(e) future interest based on scheduled debt maturities. interest payments on junior subordinated debentures subsequent to the expiration of their fixed-rate periods have been included based on their current fixed rates.
(f) includes finance lease obligations for satellite transponders and equipment, excluding interest.
(g) reflects long-term contractual obligations recorded on the consolidated balance sheet, including program liabilities; participations; residuals; and a tax liability resulting from the enactment of the tax reform act in december 2017. this tax liability reflects the remaining tax on our historical accumulated foreign earnings and profits, which is payable to the irs in 2024 and 2025.
the table above does not include payments relating to reserves for uncertain tax positions of $308 million and related interest and penalties, redeemable noncontrolling interest of $197 million, our guarantee liability of $100 million relating to the sale of cbs television city, lease indemnification obligations of $67 million, residual liabilities of previously disposed businesses, and potential future contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. the amount and timing of payments with respect to these items are subject to a number of uncertainties such that we are unable to make sufficiently reliable estimations of future payments.
in 2021, we expect to make contributions of approximately $15 million to our qualified pension plans for minimum funding requirements under erisa and $86 million to our non-qualified pension plans to satisfy the benefit payments due under these plans. also in 2021, we expect to contribute approximately $39 million to our other postretirement benefit plans to satisfy our portion of benefit payments due under these plans.
guarantees letters of credit and surety bonds. we have indemnification obligations with respect to letters of credit and surety bonds primarily used as security against non-performance in the normal course of business. at ii-39
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
december 31, 2020, the outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds approximated $144 million and were not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
cbs television city. in connection with the sale of cbs television city in 2019, we guaranteed a specified level of cash flows to be generated by the business during the first five years following the completion of the sale. included in "other current liabilities" and "other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2020 is a liability of $100 million, reflecting the present value of the remaining estimated amount payable under the guarantee obligation.
lease guarantees. we have certain indemnification obligations with respect to leases primarily associated with the previously discontinued operations of famous players. these lease commitments amounted to $67 million as of december 31, 2020, and are presented within "other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet. the amount of lease commitments varies over time depending on expiration or termination of individual underlying leases, or the related indemnification obligation, and foreign exchange rates, among other things. we may also have exposure for certain other expenses related to the leases, such as property taxes and common area maintenance. we believe our accrual is sufficient to meet any future obligations based on our consideration of available financial information, the lessees' historical performance in meeting their lease obligations and the underlying economic factors impacting the lessees' business models.
film financing arrangements. from time to time we enter into film or television programming (collectively referred to as "film") financing arrangements that involve the sale of a partial copyright interest in a film to third-party investors. since the investors typically have the risks and rewards of ownership proportionate to their ownership in the film, we generally record the amounts received for the sale of copyright interest as a reduction of the cost of the film and related cash flows are reflected in net cash flow from operating activities. we also enter into collaborative arrangements with other studios to jointly finance and distribute films ("co-financing arrangements"), under which each partner is responsible for distribution of the film in specific territories or distribution windows. the partners' share in the profits and losses of the films under these arrangements are included within participations expense.
in the course of our business, we both provide and receive indemnities which are intended to allocate certain risks associated with business transactions. similarly, we may remain contingently liable for various obligations of a business that has been divested in the event that a third party does not live up to its obligations under an indemnification obligation. we record a liability for our indemnification obligations and other contingent liabilities when probable and reasonably estimable.
critical accounting policies the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, which are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. the result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions.
we consider the following accounting policies to be the most critical as they are important to our financial condition and results of operations, and require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. the risks and uncertainties involved in applying our critical accounting policies are provided ii-40
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
below. unless otherwise noted, we applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods consistently in all material respects and for all periods presented, and have discussed such policies with our audit committee. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when control of a good or service is transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. significant judgments used in the determination of the amount and timing of revenue recognition include the identification of distinct performance obligations in contracts containing bundled advertising sales and content licenses, and the allocation of consideration among individual performance obligations within these arrangements based on their relative standalone selling prices.
advertising revenues-advertising revenues are recognized when the advertising spots are aired on television or displayed on digital platforms. if a contract includes a guarantee to deliver a targeted audience rating or number of impressions, the delivery of the advertising spots that achieve the guarantee represents the performance obligation to be satisfied over time and revenues are recognized based on the proportion of the audience rating or impressions delivered to the total guaranteed in the contract. to the extent the amounts billed exceed the amount of revenue recognized, such excess is deferred until the guaranteed audience ratings or impressions are delivered. for contracts that do not include impressions guarantees, the individual advertising spots are the performance obligation and consideration is allocated among the individual advertising spots based on relative standalone selling price.
affiliate revenues-the performance obligation for our affiliate agreements is a license to our programming provided through the continuous delivery of live linear feeds and, for agreements with mvpds and subscribers to our streaming services, also includes a license to programming for video on demand viewing. affiliate revenues are recognized over the term of the agreement as we satisfy our performance obligation by continuously providing our customer with the right to use our programming. for agreements that provide for a variable fee, revenues are determined each month based on an agreed upon contractual rate applied to the number of subscribers to our customer's service. for agreements that provide for a fixed fee, revenues are recognized based on the relative fair value of the content provided over the term of the agreement. these agreements primarily include agreements with television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("network affiliates") for which fair value is determined based on the fair value of the network affiliate's service and the value of our programming.
content licensing revenues-for licenses of exhibition rights for internally-produced programming, each individual episode or film delivered represents a separate performance obligation and revenues are recognized when the episode or film is made available to the licensee for exhibition and the license period has begun. for license agreements that include delivery of content on one or more dates for a fixed fee, consideration is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price of each episode or film, which is based on licenses for comparable content within the marketplace. estimation of standalone selling prices requires judgment, which can impact the timing of recognizing revenues.
film and television production and programming costs costs incurred to produce television programs and feature films are capitalized when incurred and amortized over the projected life of each television program or feature film. the costs incurred in acquiring television series and feature film programming rights, including advances, are capitalized when the license period has begun and the program is accepted and available for airing. the costs of programming rights licensed under multi-year sports ii-41
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
programming agreements are capitalized if the rights payments are made before the related economic benefit has been received. acquired programming rights, including rights for sports programming, are expensed over the shorter of the license period or the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived.
for internally-produced television programs and feature films that are predominantly monetized on an individual basis, we use an individual-film-forecast computation method to amortize capitalized production costs and to accrue estimated liabilities for participations and residuals over the applicable title's life cycle based upon the ratio of current period revenues to estimated remaining total gross revenues to be earned ("ultimate revenues") for each title. management's judgment is required in estimating ultimate revenues and the costs to be incurred throughout the life of each television program or feature film. these estimates are used to determine the timing of amortization of capitalized production costs and expensing of participation and residual costs.
for television programming, our estimate of ultimate revenues includes revenues to be earned within 10 years from the delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later. these estimates are based on the past performance of similar television programs in a market, the performance in the initial markets and future firm commitments to license programs.
for feature films, our estimate of ultimate revenues includes revenues from all sources that are estimated to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial theatrical release. prior to the release of feature films, we estimate ultimate revenues based on the historical performance of similar content and pre-release market research (including test market screenings), as well as factors relating to the specific film, including the expected number of theaters and markets in which the original content will be released, the genre of the original content and the past box office performance of the lead actors and actresses. for films intended for theatrical release, we believe the performance during the theatrical exhibition is the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenues as subsequent markets have historically exhibited a high correlation to theatrical performance. upon a film's initial release, we update our estimate of ultimate revenues based on actual and expected future performance. our estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets are revised based on historical relationships to theatrical performance and an analysis of current market trends. we also review and revise estimates of ultimate revenue and participation costs as of each reporting date to reflect the most current available information. after their theatrical release the most sensitive factor affecting our estimates for feature films is the extent of home entertainment sales. in addition to theatrical performance, home entertainment sales vary based on a variety of factors including demand for our titles, the volume and quality of competing products, marketing and promotional strategies, as well as economic conditions.
for acquired film libraries, our estimate of ultimate revenues is for a period within 20 years from the date of acquisition.
for programming that is predominantly monetized as part of a film group, which includes our acquired programming rights and certain internally-produced television programs, capitalized costs are amortized based on an estimate of the timing of our usage of and benefit from such programming. such estimates require management's judgement and include consideration of factors such as expected revenues to be derived from the programming, the expected number of future airings, and, for acquired programming, the length of the license period. if initial airings are expected to generate higher revenues, an accelerated method of amortization is used. these estimates are periodically reviewed and updated based on information available throughout the contractual term or life of each program.
we test a film group or individual television program or feature film for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that its fair value may be less than its unamortized cost. if the result of the impairment test ii-42
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
indicates that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge will then be recorded for the amount of the difference. in addition, unamortized costs for internally-produced or acquired programming that have been substantively abandoned are written off.
goodwill and intangible assets impairment test we perform fair value-based impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, comprised primarily of television fcc licenses, on an annual basis and also between annual tests if an event occurs or if circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value.
fcc licenses-fcc licenses are tested for impairment at the geographic market level. we consider each geographic market, which is comprised of all of our television stations within that geographic market, to be a single unit of accounting because the fcc licenses at this level represent their highest and best use. at december 31, 2020, we had 14 television markets with fcc license book values.
for our annual impairment test, we perform qualitative assessments for each television market that we estimate has an aggregate fair value of fcc licenses that significantly exceed their respective carrying values. additionally, we consider the duration of time since a quantitative test was performed. for the 2020 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for 10 of our markets. for each market, we weighed the relative impact of market-specific and macroeconomic factors. the market-specific factors considered include recent projections by geographic market from both independent and internal sources for revenue and operating costs, as well as average market share. we also considered the macroeconomic impact on discount rates and growth rates. based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of the fcc licenses in each of these television markets are less than their respective carrying values. therefore, performing a quantitative impairment test on these markets was unnecessary.
a quantitative impairment test of fcc licenses calculates an estimated fair value using the greenfield discounted cash flow method, which values a hypothetical start-up station in the relevant market by adding discounted cash flows over a five-year build-up period to a residual value. the assumptions for the build-up period include industry projections of overall market revenues; the start-up station's operating costs and capital expenditures, which are based on both industry and internal data; and average market share. the discount rate is determined based on the industry and market-based risk of achieving the projected cash flows, and the residual value is calculated using a long-term growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation and industry projections.
during the second quarter of 2020, based on an assessment of the relevant factors that could impact the fair value of fcc licenses, including the effects of covid-19, we determined that an interim impairment test was necessary for three markets in which we hold fcc licenses. the impairment test indicated that the estimated fair values of fcc licenses in two markets were lower than their respective carrying values, which resulted from recent declines in industry projections in the markets where these fcc licenses are held, that were further accelerated by covid-19. accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge of $25 million to write down the carrying values of these fcc licenses to their aggregate estimated fair value of $216 million. this charge is included within "depreciation and amortization" in the consolidated statement of operations recorded within the tv entertainment segment. additionally, the estimated fair value of the fcc license in the third market exceeded its carrying value of $53 million by 7%.
ii-43
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
for the 2020 annual test, we performed a quantitative impairment test for the three markets tested during the second quarter, as well as a fourth u.s. television market. the impairment tests indicated that the estimated fair values of fcc licenses in the three markets we tested during the second quarter, which had an aggregate carrying value of fcc licenses of $269 million at december 31, 2020, were within 10% of their respective carrying values. the fourth market had a fair value that exceeded its carrying value by more than 20%.
the estimated fair values of fcc licenses are highly dependent on the assumptions of future economic conditions in the individual geographic markets in which we own and operate television stations. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, or a further decline in the local television advertising marketplace could result in a downward revision to our current assumptions and judgments. various factors may contribute to a future decline in an advertising marketplace including declines in economic conditions; an other-than-temporary decrease in spending by advertisers in certain industries that have historically represented a significant portion of television advertising revenues in that market; a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms; changes in consumer behavior; and/or a change in population size. a downward revision to the present value of future cash flows could result in impairment and a noncash charge would be required.  such a charge could have a material effect on the consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
goodwill-goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment, or one level below. at december 31, 2020, we had four reporting units. for the 2020 annual impairment test, we tested two reporting units for impairment as of august 31 and the remaining reporting units as of october 31.
for our annual impairment test, we perform a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit that management estimates has a fair value that significantly exceeds its respective carrying value. for the 2020 annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for all of our reporting units. for each reporting unit, we weighed the relative impact of factors that are specific to the reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors. the reporting unit specific factors that were considered included actual and expected financial performance and changes to the reporting units' carrying amounts since the most recent impairment tests. for each industry in which the reporting units operate, we considered growth projections from independent sources and significant developments or transactions within the industry. we also determined that the impact of macroeconomic factors on the discount rates and growth rates used for the most recent impairment tests would not significantly affect the fair value of the reporting units, and that the lower tax rate from tax law changes enacted since the most recent quantitative tests would positively impact the fair value of the reporting units. based on the qualitative assessments, considering the aggregation of the relevant factors, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its respective carrying amount and therefore performing quantitative impairment tests was unnecessary.
a quantitative goodwill impairment test, when performed, includes estimating the fair value of a reporting unit using an income approach based on a discounted cash flow analysis and/or a market-based approach. a discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various judgmental assumptions, including assumptions about the timing and amount of future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates.
certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in the advertising market, a shift by advertisers to competing advertising platforms, changes in consumer behavior and/or a decrease in audience acceptance of our content could result in changes to our assumptions and judgments used in the goodwill impairment tests. a downward revision of these assumptions could cause the fair values of the reporting units to fall below their respective carrying values and a noncash impairment charge would ii-44
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
be required. such a charge could have a material effect on the consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
legal matters estimates of liabilities related to legal issues and discontinued businesses, including asbestos and environmental matters, require significant judgments by management. we record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. we continually evaluate these estimates based on changes in the relevant facts and circumstances and events that may impact estimates. while we believe that our accrual for matters related to our predecessor operations, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods. it is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our liabilities. our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability.
pensions pension benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs are calculated using many actuarial assumptions. two key assumptions used in accounting for pension liabilities and expenses are the discount rate and expected rate of return on plan assets. the discount rate is determined based on the yield on a portfolio of high quality bonds, constructed to provide cash flows necessary to meet our pension plans' expected future benefit payments, as determined for the accumulated benefit obligation. the expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets. as of december 31, 2020, the unrecognized actuarial losses included in accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased slightly from the prior year-end due primarily to the favorable performance of pension plan assets and the inclusion of a curtailment gain associated with the elimination of benefit accruals for future service as a result of a plan amendment for our remaining active pension plans. these items were mostly offset by a decrease in the discount rate. a 25 basis point change in the discount rate would result in an estimated change to the accumulated benefit obligation of approximately $135 million and would not have a material impact on 2021 pension expense. a decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets would increase pension expense. the estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of return on plan assets is a change of approximately $8 million to 2021 pension expense.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in both the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes and evaluating our income tax positions.  when recording an interim worldwide provision for income taxes, an estimated effective tax rate for the year is applied to interim operating results.  in the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in the quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded in the same quarter. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax basis. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be reversed. we evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
a number of years may elapse before a tax return containing tax matters for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. for positions taken in a previously filed tax return or expected to be taken in a ii-45
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
future tax return, we evaluate each position to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is subject to a measurement assessment to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated statement of operations and the appropriate reserve to establish, if any. if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold a tax reserve is established and no benefit is recognized. we evaluate our uncertain tax positions quarterly based on many factors, including, changes in tax laws and interpretations, information received from tax authorities, and other changes in facts and circumstances. our income tax returns are routinely audited by u.s. federal and state as well as foreign tax authorities. while it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, we believe that the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $308 million at december 31, 2020 is properly recorded.
legal matters general on an ongoing basis, we vigorously defend ourselves in numerous lawsuits and proceedings and respond to various investigations and inquiries from federal, state, local and international authorities (collectively, "litigation''). litigation may be brought against us without merit, is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. however, based on our understanding and evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, we believe that the following matters are not likely, in the aggregate, to result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
litigation relating to the merger beginning on february 20, 2020, three purported cbs stockholders filed separate derivative and/or putative class action lawsuits in the court of chancery of the state of delaware. on march 31, 2020, the court consolidated the three lawsuits and appointed bucks county employees' retirement fund and international union of operating engineers of eastern pennsylvania and delaware as co-lead plaintiffs for the consolidated action. on april 14, 2020, the lead plaintiffs filed a verified consolidated class action and derivative complaint (as used in this paragraph, the "complaint") against shari e. redstone, nai, sumner m. redstone national amusements trust, members of the cbs board of directors (comprised of candace k. beinecke, barbara m. byrne, gary l. countryman, brian goldner, linda m. griego, robert n. klieger, martha l. minow, susan schuman, frederick o. terrell and strauss zelnick), former cbs president and acting chief executive officer joseph ianniello and nominal defendant viacomcbs inc. the complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to cbs stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of the agreement and plan of merger dated as of august 13, 2019, as amended on october 16, 2019 (the "merger agreement"). the complaint also alleges waste and unjust enrichment in connection with mr. ianniello's compensation. the complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. on june 5, 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. on january 27, 2021, the court dismissed one disclosure claim, while allowing all other claims against the defendants to proceed. discovery on the surviving claims will now proceed. we believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. we are currently unable to determine a range of potential liability, if any. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
beginning on november 25, 2019, four purported viacom stockholders filed separate putative class action lawsuits in the court of chancery of the state of delaware. on january 23, 2020, the court consolidated the four lawsuits. on february 6, 2020, the court appointed california public employees' retirement system ("calpers") as lead plaintiff for the consolidated action. on february 28, 2020, calpers, together with park employees' and retirement board employees' annuity and benefit fund of chicago and louis m. wilen, filed a first amended verified class action complaint (as used in this paragraph, the "complaint") against nai, nai ii-46
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
entertainment holdings llc, shari e. redstone, the members of the viacom special transaction committee of the viacom board of directors (comprised of thomas j. may, judith a. mchale, ronald l. nelson and nicole seligman) and our president and chief executive officer and director, robert m. bakish. the complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties to viacom stockholders in connection with the negotiation and approval of the merger agreement. the complaint seeks unspecified damages, costs and expenses, as well as other relief. on may 22, 2020, the defendants filed motions to dismiss. on december 29, 2020, the court dismissed the claims against mr. bakish, while allowing the claims against the remaining defendants to proceed. discovery on the surviving claims will now proceed. we believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. we are currently unable to determine a range of potential liability, if any. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
investigation-related matters as announced on august 1, 2018, the cbs board of directors retained two law firms to conduct a full investigation of the allegations in press reports about cbs' former chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer, leslie moonves, cbs news and cultural issues at cbs. on december 17, 2018, the cbs board of directors announced the completion of its investigation, certain findings of the investigation and the cbs board of directors' determination, discussed below, with respect to the termination of mr. moonves' employment. we have received subpoenas from the new york county district attorney's office and the new york city commission on human rights regarding the subject matter of this investigation and related matters. the new york state attorney general's office and the united states securities and exchange commission have also requested information about these matters, including with respect to cbs' related public disclosures. we may continue to receive additional related regulatory and investigative inquiries from these and other entities in the future. we are cooperating with these inquiries.
on august 27, 2018 and on october 1, 2018, gene samit and john lantz, respectively, filed putative class action lawsuits in the united states district court for the southern district of new york, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, for claims that are similar to those alleged in the amended complaint described below. on november 6, 2018, the court entered an order consolidating the two actions. on november 30, 2018, the court appointed construction laborers pension trust for southern california as the lead plaintiff of the consolidated action. on february 11, 2019, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint against cbs, certain current and former senior executives and members of the cbs board of directors. the consolidated action is stated to be on behalf of purchasers of cbs class a common stock and class b common stock between september 26, 2016 and december 4, 2018. this action seeks to recover damages arising during this time period allegedly caused by the defendants' purported violations of the federal securities laws, including by allegedly making materially false and misleading statements or failing to disclose material information, and seeks costs and expenses as well as remedies under sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the securities exchange act of 1934 and rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. on april 12, 2019, the defendants filed motions to dismiss this action, which the court granted in part and denied in part on january 15, 2020. with the exception of one statement made by mr. moonves at an industry event in november 2017, in which he allegedly was acting as the agent of cbs, all claims as to all other allegedly false and misleading statements were dismissed. we believe that the remaining claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. we are currently unable to determine a range of potential liability, if any. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
separation agreement on september 9, 2018, cbs entered into a separation and settlement agreement and releases (the "separation agreement") with mr. moonves, pursuant to which mr. moonves resigned as a director and as chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer of cbs. in october 2018, we contributed $120 million to a grantor ii-47
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
trust pursuant to the separation agreement. on december 17, 2018, the cbs board of directors announced that, following its consideration of the findings of the investigation referred to above, it had determined that there were grounds to terminate mr. moonves' employment for cause under his employment agreement with cbs. any dispute related to the cbs board of directors' determination is subject to binding arbitration as set forth in the separation agreement. on january 16, 2019, mr. moonves commenced a binding arbitration proceeding with respect to this matter and the related cbs board of directors investigation, which proceeding is ongoing. the assets of the grantor trust will remain in the trust until a final determination in the arbitration. we are currently unable to determine the outcome of the arbitration and the amount, if any, that may be awarded thereunder. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
litigation related to television station owners on september 9, 2019, the company was added as a defendant in a multi-district putative class action lawsuit filed in the united states district court for the northern district of illinois. the lawsuit was filed by parties that claim to have purchased broadcast television spot advertising beginning on or about january 1, 2014 on television stations owned by one or more of the defendant television station owners and alleges the sharing of allegedly competitively sensitive information among such television stations in alleged violation of the sherman antitrust act. the action, which names the company among fourteen total defendants, seeks monetary damages, attorneys' fees, costs and interest as well as injunctions against the allegedly unlawful conduct. on october 8, 2019, the company and other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the matter, which was denied by the court on november 6, 2020. we believe that the claims are without merit and we intend to defend against them vigorously. we are currently unable to determine a range of potential liability, if any. accordingly, no accrual for this matter has been made in our consolidated financial statements.
claims related to former businesses: asbestos we are a defendant in lawsuits claiming various personal injuries related to asbestos and other materials, which allegedly occurred as a result of exposure caused by various products manufactured by westinghouse, a predecessor, generally prior to the early 1970s. westinghouse was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos. we are typically named as one of a large number of defendants in both state and federal cases. in the majority of asbestos lawsuits, the plaintiffs have not identified which of our products is the basis of a claim. claims against us in which a product has been identified most commonly relate to allegations of exposure to asbestos-containing insulating material used in conjunction with turbines and electrical equipment.
claims are frequently filed and/or settled in groups, which may make the amount and timing of settlements, and the number of pending claims, subject to significant fluctuation from period to period. we do not report as pending those claims on inactive, stayed, deferred or similar dockets that some jurisdictions have established for claimants who allege minimal or no impairment. as of december 31, 2020, we had pending approximately 30,710 asbestos claims, as compared with approximately 30,950 as of december 31, 2019 and 31,570 as of december 31, 2018. during 2020, we received approximately 2,910 new claims and closed or moved to an inactive docket approximately 3,150 claims. we report claims as closed when we become aware that a dismissal order has been entered by a court or when we have reached agreement with the claimants on the material terms of a settlement. settlement costs depend on the seriousness of the injuries that form the basis of the claims, the quality of evidence supporting the claims and other factors. our total costs for the years 2020 and 2019 for settlement and defense of asbestos claims after insurance recoveries and net of tax were approximately $35 million and $58 million, respectively. our costs for settlement and defense of asbestos claims may vary year to year and insurance proceeds are not always recovered in the same period as the insured portion of the expenses.
ii-48
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
filings include claims for individuals suffering from mesothelioma, a rare cancer, the risk of which is allegedly increased by exposure to asbestos; lung cancer, a cancer which may be caused by various factors, one of which is alleged to be asbestos exposure; other cancers, and conditions that are substantially less serious, including claims brought on behalf of individuals who are asymptomatic as to an allegedly asbestos-related disease. the predominant number of pending claims against us are non-cancer claims. it is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities, as events and circumstances may impact the estimate of our asbestos liabilities, including, among others, the number and types of claims and average cost to resolve such claims. we record an accrual for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. we believe that our accrual and insurance are sufficient to cover our asbestos liabilities. our liability estimate is based upon many factors, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims, as well as consultation with a third party firm on trends that may impact our future asbestos liability.
other from time to time we receive claims from federal and state environmental regulatory agencies and other entities asserting that we are or may be liable for environmental cleanup costs and related damages principally relating to our historical and predecessor operations. in addition, from time to time we receive personal injury claims including toxic tort and product liability claims (other than asbestos) arising from our historical operations and predecessors.
market risk we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and use derivative financial instruments to manage this exposure. in accordance with our policy, we do not use derivative instruments unless there is an underlying exposure and, therefore, we do not hold or enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.
foreign exchange risk we conduct business in various countries outside the u.s., resulting in exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates when translating from the foreign local currency to the u.s. dollar. in order to hedge anticipated cash flows in currencies such as the british pound, the euro, the canadian dollar and the australian dollar, foreign currency forward contracts, for periods generally up to 24 months, are used. additionally, we designate forward contracts used to hedge committed and forecasted foreign currency transactions, including future production costs and programming obligations, as cash flow hedges. gains or losses on the effective portion of designated cash flow hedges are initially recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to the statement of operations when the hedged item is recognized. additionally, we enter into non-designated forward contracts to hedge non-u.s. dollar denominated cash flows. the change in fair value of the non-designated contracts is included in "other items, net" in the consolidated statements of operations. we manage the use of foreign exchange derivatives centrally.
at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the notional amount of all foreign currency contracts was $1.27 billion and $1.44 billion, respectively. for 2020, $740 million related to future production costs and $529 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows. for 2019, $833 million related to future production costs and $606 million related to our foreign currency balances and other expected foreign currency cash flows.
ii-49
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
interest risk interest on commercial paper borrowings is exposed to risk related to movements in short-term interest rates. a 100 basis point change to the weighted average interest rate on commercial paper borrowings in 2020 would increase or decrease interest expense by approximately $4 million. in addition, interest rates on future long-term debt issuances are exposed to risk related to movements in long-term interest rates. interest rate hedges may be used to modify both of these exposures at our discretion. there were no interest rate hedges outstanding at december 31, 2020 or 2019 but in the future we may use derivatives to manage our exposure to interest rates.
at december 31, 2020, the carrying value of our outstanding notes and debentures was $19.61 billion and the estimated fair value was $24.5 billion. a 1% increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase the fair value of our notes and debentures by approximately $1.61 billion and $3.28 billion, respectively.
credit risk we continually monitor our positions with, and credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to our financial instruments. we are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. however, we do not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.
our receivables do not represent significant concentrations of credit risk at december 31, 2020 or 2019, due to the wide variety of customers, markets and geographic areas to which our products and services are sold.
related parties see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements and accounting pronouncements not yet adopted see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
