item 1a.       risk factors this section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the sec. investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. the following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements, as discussed in the forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results section in this form 10-k.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k risks related to our business, industry and operations:
managed care trends private payers, such as health plans, and other managed care entities, such as pbms, continue to take action to manage the utilization and costs of drugs. negotiating power of mcos and other private third-party payers has increased due to consolidation, and they, along with governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. these initiatives have increased consumers' interest and input in medication choices, as they pay for a larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause them to favor lower-cost generic alternatives. we may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing.
the growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceutical medicines that treat rare or life-threatening conditions, which typically have smaller patient populations, combined with their relative higher cost as compared to other types of pharmaceutical products, also has generated increased payer interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector.
third-party payers also use additional measures such as new-to-market blocks, exclusion lists, indication-based pricing, and value-based pricing/contracting to improve their cost containment efforts, and are also increasingly imposing utilization management tools, such as clinical protocols, requiring prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine. as the u.s. private third-party payer market consolidates further and as more drugs become available in generic form, we may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payers as they continue to drive more of their patients to use lower cost generic alternatives.
business arrangements in this area are subject to a high degree of government scrutiny, and available safe harbors under applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, as well as evolving judicial interpretations. our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by such government and industry guidance.
competitive products competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in unanticipated product obsolescence. such launches have recently occurred, and potentially competitive products are in various stages of development. we cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat diseases and conditions like those treated by our in-line drugs and drug candidates.
in addition, competition from manufacturers of generic drugs, including from generic versions of competitors' branded products that lose their market exclusivity, is a major challenge for our branded products. certain of our products have experienced significant generic competition over the last few years. for example, the basic product patent for chantix in the u.s. expired in november 2020. while multi-source generic competition for chantix has not yet begun, it could commence at anytime. also, the basic product patent for sutent in the u.s. will expire in august 2021. in china, we expect to continue to face intense competition by certain generic manufacturers, which may result in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products.
in addition, our patented products may face generic competition before patent exclusivity expires, including upon the "at-risk" launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic product) by a manufacturer of a generic version of one of our patented products. generic manufacturers have filed applications with the fda seeking approval of product candidates that they claim do not infringe our patents or claim that our patents are not valid; these include candidates that would compete with, among other products, eliquis, ibrance and xeljanz. our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges by generic drug manufacturers to patents covering products for which we have licenses or co-promotion rights.
we may become subject to competition from biosimilars referencing our biologic products if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for such biosimilars.
we also commercialize biosimilar products that compete with products of others, including other biosimilar products. uptake of our biosimilars may be lower due to various factors, such as anti-competitive practices, access challenges where our product may not receive appropriate coverage/reimbursement access or remains in a disadvantaged position relative to an innovator product, physician reluctance to prescribe biosimilars for existing patients taking the innovative product, or misaligned financial incentives. for example, inflectra has experienced access challenges among commercial payers. in september 2017, pfizer filed suit in the u.s. district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania against j&j alleging that j&j's exclusionary contracts and other anticompetitive practices concerning remicade® (infliximab) violate federal antitrust laws.
for additional information on competition our products face, see the item 1. business-competition section in this form 10-k.
concentration we recorded direct product and/or alliance revenues of more than $1 billion for each of seven products that collectively accounted for 53% of our total revenues in 2020. for additional information, see notes 1 and 17. if these products or any of our other major products were to experience loss of patent protection (if applicable), changes in prescription growth rates, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, regulatory proceedings, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from existing competitive products, changes in labeling, pricing and access pressures or supply shortages or if a new, more effective treatment should be introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant. in particular, certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and patents covering a number of our best-selling products are, or have been, the subject of pending legal challenges. for additional information on our patents, see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k in addition, we sell our prescription pharmaceutical products principally through wholesalers in the u.s. for additional information, see note 17b. if one of our significant biopharmaceutical wholesalers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might decrease the amount of business the wholesaler does with us and/or we might be unable to timely collect all the amounts that the wholesaler owes us or at all, which could negatively impact our results of operations. in addition, we expect that consolidation and integration of pharmacy chains and wholesalers will increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us.
research and development the discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share, as well as to provide for earnings growth, either through internal r&d or through collaborations, acquisitions, jvs, licensing or other arrangements. growth depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers. however, balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. the costs of product development continue to be high, as are regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the number of candidates we are able to fund as well as the sustainability of the r&d portfolio.
decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payer reimbursement possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. we try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed and desired outcome will be achieved.
additionally, our product candidates can fail at any stage of the r&d process, and may not receive regulatory approval even after many years of r&d. we may fail to correctly identify indications for which our science is promising or allocate r&d investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. further, even if we identify areas with the greatest commercial potential, the scientific approach may not succeed despite the significant investment required for r&d, and the product may not be as competitive as expected because of the highly dynamic market environment and the hurdles in terms of access and reimbursement.
global operations we operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, global economic conditions, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, trade regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as by political or civil unrest, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes.
some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of financial or political instability or significant currency fluctuations or may have limited resources for healthcare spending. as a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable.
in addition, since a significant portion of our business is conducted in the eu, as well as the u.k., the changes resulting from brexit may pose certain implications for our research, commercial and general business operations in the u.k. and the eu.
government financing and economic pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria (e.g., through health technology assessments) or other means of cost control. for additional information on government pricing pressures, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
we continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. if trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales; increased costs; volatility in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of our financial assets and pension plan investments; required increases of our pension funding obligations; increased government cost control efforts; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers and other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate.
we operate in many countries and transact in over 100 different currencies. changes in the value of those currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, or high inflation in these countries, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. significant portions of our revenues, costs and expenses, as well as our substantial international net assets, are exposed to exchange rate changes. 48% of our total 2020 revenues were derived from international operations, including 23% from europe and 17% from china, japan and the rest of asia. future changes in exchange rates or economic conditions and the impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition or business are difficult to predict. for additional information about our exposure to foreign currency risk, see the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk-selected measures of liquidity and capital resources section within md&a.
in addition, our borrowing, pension benefit and postretirement benefit obligations and interest-bearing investments, are subject to risk from changes in interest and exchange rates. the risks related to interest-bearing investments and borrowings and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk-selected measures of liquidity and capital resources section within md&a. for additional details on critical accounting estimates and assumptions for our benefit plans, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions-benefit plans section within md&a and notes 7e and 11.
from time to time, we issue variable rate debt based on libor, or undertake interest rate swaps that contain a variable element based on libor. the u.k. financial conduct authority announced in 2017 that it will no longer compel banks to submit rates that are currently used to calculate libor after 2021. this deadline was extended until june 2023 for a number of key u.s. dollar benchmark maturities (including the 1-month and 3-month libor rates). the u.s. federal reserve has selected the secured overnight funding rate (sofr) as the preferred alternate rate and the transition away from libor will continue despite the extended timeline. we are planning for this transition and will amend pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k any contracts to accommodate the sofr rate where required. while our exposure to libor is very low, market volatility related to the transition may adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks.
product manufacturing, sales and marketing risks we could encounter difficulties or delays in product manufacturing, sales or marketing due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs, reputational harm, damage to our facilities due to natural or man-made disasters, product liability or unanticipated costs. examples of such difficulties or delays include the inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand; challenges related to component materials to maintain appropriate quality standards throughout our supply network and/or comply with applicable regulations; and supply chain disruptions at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor.
regulatory agencies periodically inspect our manufacturing facilities to evaluate compliance with cgmp or other applicable requirements. failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctions, debarment, product recalls, delays or denials of product approvals, import bans or denials of import certifications. for example, in september 2017, our subsidiary, meridian, received a warning letter from the fda asserting the fda's view that certain violations of cgmp and quality system regulations exist at meridian's manufacturing sites in st. louis, missouri and classifying the site as official action indicated (oai). meridian responded to the warning letter and committed to making improvements across the sites. we have made considerable progress addressing the concerns raised by the fda, and communication with the fda is ongoing. future fda inspections and regulatory activities will further assess the adequacy and sustainability of these corrections implemented at the site. as a result of the oai classification, the fda may refuse to grant premarket approval of applications and/or the fda may refuse to grant export certificates related to products manufactured at our st. louis sites.
collaborations and other relationships with third parties we depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into jvs and other business development transactions. to achieve expected longer-term benefits, we may make substantial upfront payments as part of these transactions, which may negatively impact our reported earnings or cash flows. we rely heavily on these parties for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing and commercialization activities, but we do not control many aspects of those activities. we also outsource certain services, including activities related to transaction processing, accounting, information technology, manufacturing, clinical trial recruitment and execution, clinical lab services, non-clinical research, safety services, integrated facilities management and other areas. failure by one or more of the third-party collaborators, service providers and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or to meet their contractual or other obligations to us; failure of one or more of these parties to comply with applicable laws or regulations; or any disruption in the relationships between us and these parties, could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing or commercialization of our products and product candidates, expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data and supply disruptions, and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards or subject us to reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business. further, our alliance revenues will be adversely affected by the termination or expiration of collaboration and co-promotion agreements that we have entered into and that we may enter into from time to time.
counterfeit products our reputation and promising pipeline render our medicines prime targets for counterfeiters. counterfeit medicines pose a significant risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured-often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites-as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact our business, by, among other things, causing patient harm, the loss of patient confidence in the pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation.
the prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce, which increased during the covid-19 pandemic, greatly enhancing consumers' ability to obtain prescriptions and other medical treatments via the internet in lieu of traditional brick and mortar pharmacies. the internet exposes patients to greater risk as it is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and scams because of the anonymity it affords counterfeiters.
we consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and health care providers about the risks, proactively monitoring and interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement; and advising legislators and regulators. however, our efforts and those of others may not be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase.
risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings:
pricing and reimbursement u.s. and international governmental regulations that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products or establish prices paid by government entities or programs for our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. the adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls in existing jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing could also adversely impact revenue. we expect pricing pressures will continue globally.
in the u.s., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures as a result. some states have implemented, and others are considering, price controls or patient access constraints under the medicaid program, and some are considering measures that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not medicaid-eligible. state legislatures also have recently focused on addressing drug costs, generally by increasing price transparency or limiting drug price increases. measures to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including legislation on drug importation, pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k could adversely affect our business. for additional information on u.s. pricing and reimbursement, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
we encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries in which we operate. in certain markets, such as in eu member states, the u.k., china, japan, canada and south korea, governments have significant power as large single payers to regulate prices, access criteria, or impose other means of cost control, particularly as a result of recent global financing pressures. for example, the qce and vbp tender process in china has resulted in dramatic price cuts for off-patent medicines. for additional information regarding these government initiatives, see the item 1. business-government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k. we anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing pressures in china and elsewhere in the future. in addition, in many countries, with respect to our vaccines, we participate in a tender process for selection in national immunization programs. failure to secure participation in national immunization programs or to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business. we also anticipate pricing pressures will be amplified by covid-19 induced budget deficits and focus on pricing for new covid-19 therapies and vaccines.
u.s. healthcare reform the u.s. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. any significant efforts at the u.s. federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded could have a material impact on us. for additional information on u.s. healthcare reform, see the item 1. business--government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
other u.s. federal or state legislative or regulatory action and/or policy efforts could adversely affect our business, including, among others, general budget control actions, changes in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs to the u.s. at prices that are regulated by foreign governments, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceuticals under government programs that could reference international prices or require new discounts, restrictions on u.s. direct-to-consumer advertising, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders, or the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences among pharmaceutical products and restricts access to innovative medicines.
a reduction of u.s. federal spending on entitlement programs, including medicare and medicaid, may affect payment for our products or services provided using our products. the congressional budget office routinely releases options for reducing federal spending that could affect pharmaceutical utilization and pricing as does the medicare payment advisory commission. these and any other significant spending reductions or cost controls affecting medicare, medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
development, regulatory approval and marketing of products the discovery and development of drugs and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. the outcome is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk due to the following factors, among others:
•the process from early discovery to design and adequate implementation of clinical trials to regulatory approval can take many years.
•product candidates can and do fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, or unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data, including results that may not support further clinical development of the product candidate or indication.
•we may not be able to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates.
•we may not be able to successfully address all the comments received from regulatory authorities such as the fda and the ema, or be able to obtain approval from regulators.
regulatory approvals of our products depend on myriad factors, including a regulator making a determination as to whether a product is safe and efficacious. in the context of public health emergencies like the covid-19 pandemic, regulators evaluate various factors and criteria to potentially allow for marketing authorization on an emergency basis. additionally, clinical trial and other product data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities. as a result of regulatory interpretations and assessments or other developments that occur during the review process, and even after a product is authorized or approved for marketing, a product's commercial potential could be adversely affected by potential emerging concerns or regulatory decisions regarding or impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters.
we may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, such as the acip, that may impact the use of our products. further, claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety and efficacy of in-line products and product candidates can negatively impact product sales, and potentially lead to product recalls or withdrawals, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims. further regulatory agency requirements may result in a more challenging, expensive and lengthy regulatory approval process than anticipated due to requests for, among other things, additional or more extensive clinical trials prior to granting approval, or increased post-approval requirements. for these and other reasons discussed in this risk factors section, we may not obtain the approvals we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all.
post-approval data as a condition to granting marketing authorization or approval of a product, the fda may require additional clinical trials or other studies. the results generated in these trials could result in the loss of marketing approval, changes in labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about the side effects, efficacy or safety. regulatory agencies in countries outside the u.s. often have similar regulations and may impose comparable requirements. post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or by others, whether mandated by regulatory agencies or conducted voluntarily, and other emerging data about products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. further, if safety or efficacy concerns are raised about a product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class; and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our product(s) as well as pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k other products in the class. the potential regulatory and commercial implications of post-marketing study results, for approved indications and potential new indications of an in-line product, typically cannot immediately be determined. for example, the potential impact of the co-primary endpoint results from a recently completed post-marketing required safety study of xeljanz, oral surveillance (a3921133), announced in january 2021, and related results, analyses and discussions with and reviews by regulators, remain uncertain. we are working with the fda and other regulatory agencies to review the full results and analyses as they become available.
the terms of our eua for the bnt162b2 vaccine require that we conduct post-authorization observational studies. in addition, the fda expects eua holders to work towards submission of full application, such as a bla, as soon as possible.
legal matters we are and may be involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, including personal injury, consumer, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, commercial, environmental, government investigations, employment, tax litigation and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. although we believe that our claims and defenses in matters in which we are a defendant are substantial, we could in the future incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
claims against our patents include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the product at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of that product and could materially affect future results of operations.
government investigations and actions could result in substantial fines and/or criminal charges and civil penalties, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements and other disciplinary actions, as well as reputational harm, including as a result of increased public interest in the matter. in addition, in a qui tam lawsuit in which the government declines to intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and penalties on behalf of the government.
our sales and marketing activities and the pricing of our products are subject to extensive regulation under the ffdca, the medicaid drug rebate program, the fcpa and other federal and state statutes, including those discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k, as well as the anti-kickback statute, anti-bribery laws, the false claims act, and similar laws in international jurisdictions. in addition to the potential for changes to relevant laws, the compliance and enforcement landscape is informed by government litigation, settlement precedent, advisory opinions, and special fraud alerts. our approach to certain practices may evolve over time in light of these types of developments. requirements or industry standards in the u.s. and certain jurisdictions abroad require pharmaceutical manufacturers to track and disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers and can increase government and public scrutiny of such financial interactions. if an interaction is found to be improper, government enforcement actions and penalties could result. like many companies in our industry, we have from time-to-time received, and may receive in the future, inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information demands from government authorities. in addition, we have been subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities, brought by governmental authorities, as well as consumers and private payers. in some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequences as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. such claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged non-compliance with laws and regulations associated with the dissemination of product (approved and unapproved) information, potentially resulting in government enforcement action and reputational damage. this risk may be heightened by digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach.
in connection with the resolution of a u.s. government investigation concerning independent copay assistance organizations that provide financial assistance to medicare patients, in 2018, we entered into a corporate integrity agreement (cia) with the office of the inspector general of the u.s. department of health and human services, which is effective for a period of five years. in the cia, we agreed to implement and/or maintain certain compliance program elements to promote compliance with federal healthcare program requirements. breaches of the cia could result in severe sanctions against us.
we and certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to legal claims and proceedings, including environmental contingencies. amounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. while we have accrued for worldwide legal liabilities, there is no guarantee that additional costs will not be incurred beyond the amounts accrued.
for additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved in, see note 16a.
risks related to intellectual property, technology and security:
intellectual property protection our success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. we rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. if we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents, or be granted on a timely basis. similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term made by parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area.
the scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have distinct patent laws, and our ability to enforce our patents depends on the laws of each country, its enforcement practices, and the extent to which certain countries engage in policies or practices pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k that weaken a country's intellectual property framework (e.g., laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license). in countries that provide some form of regulatory exclusivity, mechanisms exist permitting some form of challenge to our patents by competitors or generic drug marketers prior to or immediately following the expiration of such regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies are employing aggressive strategies, such as "at risk" launches that challenge our patent rights. most of the suits involve claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering our products, uses, processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic or biosimilar drug manufacturer. independent actions have been filed alleging that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition and/or violations of antitrust laws. such claims may also be brought as counterclaims to actions we bring to enforce our patents. we are also party to other patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug manufacturers, payers, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for alleged delay of generic entry. we also are often involved in other proceedings, such as inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the u.s. patent and trademark office, the european patent office, or other foreign counterparts relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others. also, if one of our patents or a competitors' patents is found to be invalid in such proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. for additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved, see note 16a1. further, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights. we seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationship with us. despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization, and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise.
third party intellectual property claims a properly functioning intellectual property regime is essential to our business model. we are committed to respecting the valid intellectual property rights of other companies, but the patent granting process is imperfect. accordingly, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that we believe were improperly granted, including challenges through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be successful.
part of our business depends upon identifying biosimilar opportunities and launching products to take advantage of those opportunities, which may involve litigation, associated costs and time delays, and may ultimately not be successful. these opportunities may arise in situations where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired or been declared invalid, or where products do not infringe the patents of others. in some circumstances we may take action, such as litigation, asserting that our products do not infringe patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable in order to achieve a "first-to-market" or early market position for our products.
third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant damages. we are involved in patent-related disputes with third parties over our attempts to market generic pharmaceutical products and biosimilars. once we have final regulatory approval of the related generic products or biosimilars, we may decide to commercially market these products even though associated legal proceedings (including any appeals) have not been resolved (i.e., "at-risk" launch). if one of our marketed products is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party.
information technology and security significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. we extensively rely upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our business. we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including personal information and intellectual property), and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. we have outsourced significant elements of our operations, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and, as a result, we manage relationships with many third-party vendors who may or could have access to our confidential information. the size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or malicious attackers. cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage) and expertise, including organized criminal groups, "hacktivists," nation states and others. as a global pharmaceutical company, our systems are subject to frequent cyber-attacks. due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. while we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, our efforts may not prevent service interruptions or security breaches. any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. we maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k risks related to business development:
business development activities we expect to enhance our in-line products and product pipeline through various forms of business development, which can include alliances, licenses, jvs, collaborations, equity- or debt-based investments, dispositions, divestments, mergers and acquisitions. the success of these activities is dependent on the availability and accurate cost/benefit evaluation of appropriate opportunities, competition from others that are seeking similar opportunities and our ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy closing conditions in the anticipated timeframes or at all, and successfully integrate acquisitions. pursuing these opportunities may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings. where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, the value of those securities will fluctuate, and may depreciate. we may not control a company in which we invest, and, as a result, we will have limited ability to determine its management, operational decisions and policies. further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities of such transactions through, among other things, due diligence, there may be risks and liabilities that such efforts fail to discover, that are not disclosed to us, or that we inadequately assess. the success of any of our acquisitions will depend, when applicable, on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from integrating these businesses with us. we, for example, may fail to achieve cost savings anticipated with certain of these acquisitions, or such cost savings within the expected time frame. similarly, the accretive impact anticipated from certain of these acquisitions may not be realized or may be delayed. integration of these businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. we also may fail to generate the expected revenue growth for the acquired business. expected revenue from acquired products and product candidates also may be constrained by developments outside of our control. unsuccessful clinical trials, regulatory hurdles and commercialization challenges may adversely impact revenue and income contribution from products and product candidates, including those acquired in these acquisitions.
spin-off and combination of upjohn with mylan we may not realize some or all of the expected benefits of the spin-off and combination (the transactions) of the upjohn business with mylan, which resulted in the creation of viatris, due to many factors, including, among others, strategic adjustments required to reflect the nature of our business following the transactions, increased risks resulting from us becoming a company that is a more focused, innovative science-based biopharmaceutical products business and the possibility that we may not achieve our strategic objectives. in addition, we have agreed to provide certain transition services to viatris, generally for an initial period of 24 months following the completion of the transactions (with certain possibilities for extension). these obligations under the transition services agreements may result in additional expenses and may divert our focus and resources that would otherwise be invested into maintaining or growing our business.
consumer healthcare jv with gsk in 2019, we and gsk combined our respective consumer healthcare businesses into a jv that operates globally under the gsk consumer healthcare name. although we have certain consent, board representation and other governance rights, we are a minority owner of the jv and do not control the jv, its management or its policies. as a result, our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction depend upon gsk's operation and management of the jv. in addition, the jv is subject to risks that are different than the risks associated with our business. many of these risks are outside gsk's or the jv's control and could materially impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of the jv.
gsk has indicated that it intends to separate the jv as an independent company listed on the u.k. equity market. until july 31, 2024, gsk has the exclusive right to initiate a separation and listing transaction. we have the option to participate in a separation and listing transaction initiated by gsk. however, the separation and public listing transaction may not be initiated or completed within expected time periods or at all, and both the timing and success of any separation and public listing transaction, as well as the value generated for us or our shareholders in any such transaction, will be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors at the time of such transaction. any future distribution or sale of our stake in the jv will similarly be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors at the time of such transaction. our ability to complete any such future distribution or sale may also be impacted by the size of our retained stake at the time. the uncertainty relating to the separation and public listing transactions, their implementation, their timing and their yet to be determined effects on the jv's business may subject us and the jv to risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business and financial results.
general risks:
covid-19 pandemic our business, operations and financial condition and results have been and may continue to be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic to varying degrees. the pandemic has presented a number of risks and challenges for our business, including, among others, impacts due to travel limitations and mobility restrictions; manufacturing disruptions and delays; supply chain interruptions, including challenges related to reliance on third-party suppliers; disruptions to pipeline development and clinical trials, including difficulties or delays in enrollment of certain clinical trials and in access to needed supplies; decreased product demand, due to reduced numbers of in-person meetings with prescribers, patient visits with physicians, vaccinations and elective surgeries, resulting in fewer new prescriptions or refills of existing prescriptions and reduced demand for products used in procedures; further reduced product demand as a result of increased unemployment; challenges presented by reallocating personnel and r&d, manufacturing and other resources to assist in responding to the pandemic; costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic, including practices intended to reduce the risk of transmission, increased supply chain costs and additional r&d costs incurred in our efforts to develop a vaccine to help prevent covid-19 and potential treatments for covid-19; challenges related to our business development initiatives, including potential delays or disruptions related to regulatory approvals; interruptions or delays in the operations of regulatory authorities, which may delay potential approval of new products we are developing, potential label expansions for existing products and the launch of newly-approved products; challenges operating in a virtual work environment; potential increased cyber incidents such as phishing, social engineering and malware attacks; challenges related to our intellectual property, both domestically and internationally, including in response to any pressure or legal or regulatory action that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for, licensing, or agreeing not to enforce, pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k intellectual property rights related to our products, including our vaccine to help prevent covid-19 and potential treatments for covid-19; challenges related to conducting oversight and monitoring of regulated activities in a remote or virtual environment; and other challenges presented by disruptions to our normal operations in response to the pandemic, as well as uncertainties regarding the duration and severity of the pandemic and its impacts, and government or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control the supply of medicines.
we also face risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to develop and commercialize a vaccine to help prevent covid-19 and potential treatments for covid-19, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others, uncertainties inherent in r&d, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with pre-clinical or clinical data (including the in vitro and phase 3 data for the pfizer-biontech covid-19 vaccine (bnt162b2)), including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical, clinical or safety data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical, clinical or safety data; the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results, including the rate of vaccine effectiveness and safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses of the phase 3 trial and additional studies or in larger, more diverse populations upon commercialization; the ability of bnt162b2 to prevent covid-19 caused by emerging virus variants; the risk that more widespread use of the vaccine will lead to new information about efficacy, safety or other developments, including the risk of additional adverse reactions, some of which may be serious; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; whether and when additional data from the bnt162 mrna vaccine program or other programs will be published in scientific publications and, if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from these and any future pre-clinical and clinical studies; when other biologics license and/or eua applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for bnt162b2 or any other potential vaccines that may arise from the bnt162 program, and if obtained, whether or when such eua or licenses will expire or terminate; whether and when any applications that may be pending or filed for bnt162b2 or other vaccines that may result from the bnt162 program may be approved by particular regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the vaccine's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the vaccine's efficacy and, if approved, whether it will be commercially successful; regulatory decisions impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of a vaccine, including development of products or therapies by other companies; disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers, including our relationship with biontech; the risk that other companies may produce superior or competitive products; the risk that demand for any products may be reduced or no longer exist; risks related to the availability of raw materials to manufacture or test any such products; challenges related to our vaccine's ultra-low temperature formulation, two-dose schedule and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery by us; the risk that we may not be able to successfully develop other vaccine formulations; the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our r&d and manufacturing efforts; risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide research funding for the bnt162 program or potential treatment for covid-19; challenges and risks associated with the pace of our development programs; the risk that we may not be able to maintain or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis or maintain access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for our vaccine or any potential approved treatment, which would negatively impact our ability to supply the estimated numbers of doses of our vaccine within the projected time periods as previously indicated; whether and when additional supply agreements will be reached; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations; pricing and access challenges for such products; challenges related to public vaccine confidence or awareness; trade restrictions; and competitive developments.
further, the covid-19 pandemic, and the volatile global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, could precipitate or amplify the other risks that we identify in this risk factors section, which could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition and results.
we are continuing to monitor the latest developments regarding the covid-19 pandemic and its effects on our business, operations and financial condition and results, and have made certain assumptions regarding the covid-19 pandemic for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the duration, severity and the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic, as well as covid-19 vaccine supply and contracts, which remain dynamic. despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. in particular, we believe the ultimate impact on our business, operations and financial condition and results will be affected by the speed and extent of the continued spread of the coronavirus globally, the emergence of additional virus variants, the duration of the pandemic, new information regarding the severity and incidence of covid-19, the safety, efficacy and availability of vaccines and treatments for covid-19, the rate at which the population becomes vaccinated against covid-19, the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic and governmental or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control supply of medicines. the pandemic may also affect our business, operations or financial condition and results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks.
market fluctuations in our equity and other investments changes in fair value of certain equity investments need to be recognized in net income that may result in increased volatility of our income. for additional information, see note 4 and the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk-selected measures of liquidity and capital resources section within md&a.
our pension benefit obligations and postretirement benefit obligations are subject to volatility from changes in fair value of equity investments and other investment risk in the assets funding these plans. for additional information, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions-benefit plans section within md&a and note 11.
cost and expense control and nonordinary events growth in costs and expenses, changes in product and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals, recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, other corporate strategic initiatives and any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, as well as potential disruption of ongoing business.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including ipr&d and goodwill. for ipr&d assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. as such, we expect that many of these ipr&d assets will become impaired and/or be written off at some time in the future if the associated r&d effort is abandoned or is curtailed. for goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and circumstances that can lead to a goodwill impairment charge such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose exclusivity. our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face similar risks for impairment. our equity-method investments may also be subject to impairment charges that may result from the occurrence of unexpected adverse events or management decisions that impact our estimates of expected cash flows to be generated from these investments. we may recognize impairment charges as a result of a weak economic environment, events related to particular customers or asset types, challenging market conditions or decisions by management. any such impairment charge of our intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments may be significant. for additional details, see the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions section within md&a.
changes in laws and accounting standards our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, competition laws, privacy laws and environmental laws in the u.s. and other countries. for additional information on changes in tax laws or rates or accounting standards, see the provision/(benefit) for taxes on income and new accounting standards sections within md&a and note 1b.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook financial highlights the following is a summary of certain financial performance metrics (in billions, except per share data):
2020 total revenues--$41.9 billion        2020 net cash flow from operations--$14.4 billion an increase of 2% compared to 2019        an increase of 14% compared to 2019
2020 reported diluted eps--$1.71          2020 adjusted diluted eps (non-gaap)--$2.22*
a decrease of 40% compared to 2019        an increase of 16% compared to 2019
*for additional information regarding adjusted diluted eps (which is a non-gaap financial measure), including reconciliations of certain gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information, see the non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income section within md&a.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k references to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. although foreign exchange rate changes are part of our business, they are not within our control and since they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, we believe presenting operational variances excluding these foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate our results.
our business and strategy most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. with the formation of the consumer healthcare jv in 2019 and the completion of the spin-off and combination of our upjohn business with mylan in november 2020, pfizer has transformed into a more focused, global leader in science-based innovative medicines and vaccines. we now operate as a single operating segment engaged in the discovery, development, manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, the financial results of the upjohn business and the mylan-japan collaboration are reflected as discontinued operations for all periods presented. prior-period information has been restated to reflect our current organizational structure following the separation of the upjohn business. see note 1a and item 1. business--commercial operations of this form 10-k for additional information. we expect to incur costs of approximately $700 million in connection with separating upjohn, of which, approximately 70% has been incurred since inception and through december 31, 2020. these charges include costs and expenses related to separation of legal entities and transaction costs.
transforming to a more focused company: we have undertaken efforts to ensure our cost base aligns appropriately with our revenue base. while certain direct costs transferred to the consumer healthcare jv and to the upjohn business in connection with the spin-off, there are indirect costs which did not transfer. in addition, we are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support and drive the purpose of our focused innovative biopharmaceutical products business and r&d and pgs platform functions. see the costs and expenses--restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives section of this md&a.
r&d: we believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. r&d is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients' lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. innovation, drug discovery and development are critical to our success. in addition to discovering and developing new products, our r&d efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. see the item 1. business-research and development section of this form 10-k for our r&d priorities and strategy.
we seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including:
•an aging global population that is generating increased demand for innovative medicines and vaccines that address patients' unmet needs;
•advances in both biological science and digital technology that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines; and
•the increasingly significant role of hospitals in healthcare systems.
we are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, as well as through various business development activities. we view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. we assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will advance our business. for additional information, including discussion of recent significant business development activities, see note 2.
our 2020 performance revenues revenues increased $736 million, or 2%, to $41.9 billion in 2020 from $41.2 billion in 2019, reflecting an operational increase of $1.1 billion, or 3%, and an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of $331 million, or 1%.
excluding the impact of the consumer healthcare transaction, revenues increased 8% operationally, reflecting strong growth in vyndaqel/vyndamax, eliquis, ibrance outside developed europe, inlyta, xeljanz, xtandi, prevenar 13 outside the u.s., oncology biosimilars and certain products in the hospital therapeutic area in the u.s., partially offset by enbrel internationally and prevnar 13 and chantix in the u.s. revenues for 2020 included an estimated unfavorable impact of approximately $700 million, or 2%, due to covid-19, primarily reflecting lower demand for certain products in china and unfavorable disruptions to wellness visits for patients in the u.s., which negatively impacted prescribing patterns for certain products, partially offset by increased u.s. demand for certain sterile injectable products and increased adult uptake for prevenar 13 in certain international markets, resulting from greater vaccine awareness for respiratory illnesses, and u.s. revenues for bnt162b2.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k the following outlines the components of the net change in revenues:
for worldwide revenues, including a discussion of key drivers of our revenue performance and revenues by geography, see the discussion in the analysis of the consolidated statements of income--revenues--selected product discussion and --revenues by geography sections within md&a. for additional information regarding the primary indications or class of certain products, see note 17b.
income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income the following provides an analysis of the change in income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income for 2020:
(millions of dollars)
income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income for the year ended december 31, 2019                    $11,485
favorable change in revenues                                                                                                                 736
favorable/(unfavorable) changes:
non-recurrence of (gain) on completion of consumer healthcare jv transaction                                                             (8,080)
higher cost of sales(a)                                                                                                                    (441)
lower selling, information and administrative expenses(a)                                                                                  1,136
higher research and development expenses(a)                                                                                              (1,010)
lower amortization of intangible assets(a)                                                                                                 1,026
lower asset impairment charges(b)                                                                                                          1,152
higher net periodic benefit credits other than service costs(b)                                                                              308
lower business and legal entity alignment costs(b)                                                                                           300
higher consumer healthcare jv equity method income(b)                                                                                        281
lower charges for certain legal matters(b)                                                                                                   264
higher income from collaborations, out-licensing arrangements and sales of compound/product rights(b)                                        158
lower charges to separate our consumer healthcare business into a separate legal entity(b)                                                   152
lower interest expense(b)                                                                                                                    125
higher royalty-related income(b)                                                                                                             124
lower net losses on early retirement of debt(b)                                                                                              101
higher net gains recognized during the period on equity securities(b)                                                                         86
higher viiv dividend income(b)                                                                                                                58
higher net losses on asset disposals(b)                                                                                                    (268)
lower interest income(b)                                                                                                                   (153)
all other items, net                                                                                                                        (44)
income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income for the year ended december 31, 2020                     $7,497
(a)see the costs and expenses section within md&a.
(b)see note 4.
for information on our tax provision and effective tax rate, see the provision/(benefit) for taxes on income section within md&a and note 5a.
our operating environment we, like other businesses in our industry, are subject to certain industry-specific challenges. these include, among others, the topics listed below. see also the item 1. business--government regulation and price constraints section of this form 10-k.

provide data on safety and efficacy to support the evaluation of a drug's overall benefit-risk profile for a particular patient population. in addition, after a product has been approved and launched, we continue to monitor its safety as long as it is available to patients. this includes postmarketing trials that may be conducted voluntarily or pursuant to a regulatory request to gain additional medical knowledge. for the entire life of the product, we collect safety data and report safety information to the fda and other regulatory authorities. regulatory authorities may evaluate potential safety concerns and take regulatory actions in response, such as updating a product's labeling, restricting its use, communicating new safety information to the public, or, in rare cases, requiring us to suspend or remove a product from the market. the commercial potential of in-line products may be negatively impacted by post-marketing developments.
intellectual property rights and collaboration/licensing rights the loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements with manufacturers and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face significantly increased generic competition over the next few years. for example, the basic product patent for chantix in the u.s. expired in november 2020. also, the basic product patent for sutent in the u.s. will expire in august 2021. while additional patent expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries from 2021 through 2025. we continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to ensure appropriate patient access.
for additional information on patent rights we consider most significant to our business as a whole, see the item 1. business--patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k.
for a discussion of recent developments with respect to patent litigation, see note 16a1.
regulatory environment/pricing and access--u.s. healthcare legislation in march 2010, the aca was enacted in the u.s. we recorded the following amounts to reflect the impact of the aca legislation:
year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                         2020                                                  2019                                                  2018
reduction to revenues, related to the medicare "coverage gap" discount provision                                                                   $1,175                                                  $761                                                  $418
selling, informational and administrative expenses, related to the fee payable to the federal government                                              195                                                   210                                                   134
regulatory environment/pricing and access--government and other payer group pressures the pricing of medicines by pharmaceutical manufacturers and the cost of healthcare, which includes medicines, medical services and hospital services, continues to be important to payers, governments, patients, and other stakeholders. federal and state governments and private third-party payers in the u.s. continue to take action to manage the utilization of drugs and cost of drugs, including increasingly employing formularies to control costs by taking into account discounts in connection with decisions about formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. we consider a number of factors impacting the pricing of our medicines. within the u.s., we often engage with patients, doctors and healthcare plans. we also often provide significant discounts from the list price to insurers, including pbms and mcos. the price that patients pay in the u.s. for prescribed medicines is ultimately set by healthcare providers and insurers. on average, insurers impose a higher out-of-pocket burden on patients for prescription medicines than for comparably priced medical services. certain governments outside the u.s. provide healthcare at low-to-zero direct cost to consumers at the point of care and have significant power as large single payers to effectively regulate prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. governments may use a variety of measures, including proposing pricing reform or legislation, cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, "international reference pricing" (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), qce processes and vbp. for additional information, see the item 1. business--government regulation and price constraints section in this form 10-k.
the global economic environment in addition to the industry-specific factors discussed above, we, like other businesses of our size and global extent of activities, are exposed to the economic cycle. certain factors in the global economic environment that may impact our global operations include, among other things, currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, global economic conditions, restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property, legal protections and remedies, trade regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes and public health outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics. government pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria or other means of cost control.
covid-19 pandemic the continuation of the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our business, operations and financial condition and results. for additional information on the impact of covid-19 on our revenues, please see the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook-our 2020 performance section of this md&a.
our response to covid-19
we are committed to confronting the public health challenge posed by the pandemic by collaborating with industry partners and academic institutions to develop potential approaches to prevent and treat covid-19. in march 2020, we issued a five-point plan calling on the biopharmaceutical industry to join us in committing to unprecedented collaboration to combat covid-19. subsequently, we have made some important advances, including, among others:
•entry into a global agreement (except for china, hong kong, macau and taiwan) with biontech for the development, manufacture and commercialization of an mrna-based coronavirus vaccine, bnt162, to help prevent covid-19. in november 2020, the companies announced that after conducting the final efficacy analysis in the phase 3 study, bnt162b2 met both of the study's primary efficacy endpoints.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k analysis of the data indicated a vaccine efficacy rate against covid-19 of 95% in participants without prior sars-cov-2 infection (first primary objective) and also in participants with and without prior sars-cov-2 infection (second primary objective), in each case measured from seven days after the second dose. the fda authorized the distribution and use of bnt162b2 in the u.s. to help prevent covid-19 for individuals 16 years of age and older under an eua issued in december 2020. bnt162b2 has not been approved or licensed by the fda. the eua authorizes distribution and use of this product subject to the conditions set forth in the eua, and only for the duration of the declaration by the department of health & human services that circumstances exist justifying authorization of emergency use of drugs and biological products (such as bnt162b2) during the covid-19 pandemic under section 564 of the ffdca (the declaration), or until revocation of the eua by the fda. the fda has issued euas to certain other companies for products intended for the prevention or treatment of covid-19 and may continue to do so during the duration of the declaration. the fda expects eua holders to work towards submission of a bla as soon as possible. bnt162b2 has now been granted a cma, eua or temporary authorization in more than 50 countries worldwide. the companies continue to study bnt162b2, including studies evaluating it in additional populations, booster doses and emerging variants. based on the updated 6-dose labeling and subject to continuous process improvements, expansion at current facilities and adding new suppliers and contract manufacturers, the companies believe that they can potentially manufacture at least 2 billion doses in total by the end of 2021. the companies have entered into agreements to supply pre-specified doses of bnt162b2 with multiple developed and emerging nations around the world and are continuing to deliver doses of bnt162b2 to governments under such agreements. as of february 2, 2021, based on the doses to be delivered in 2021 primarily under agreements entered into as of february 2, 2021 (including, among others, agreements with the u.s. government to supply 200 million doses, the european commission to supply 300 million doses, the japanese government to supply 144 million doses and covid-19 vaccines global access (covax) for up to 40 million doses in 2021, subject to the negotiation and execution of additional agreements under the covax facility structure), we forecasted approximately $15 billion in revenues in 2021 from bnt162b2, with gross margin to be split evenly with biontech. this forecast was based on doses mostly covered under agreements entered into as of february 2, 2021 and did not include all of the doses we can potentially deliver by the end of 2021. the companies continue to enter into agreements with governments for additional doses, including, among others, the exercise by the u.s. government of an option for an additional 100 million doses and an agreement with the european commission for an additional 200 million doses to be delivered in 2021. accordingly, this forecast may change based, in part, on these and future additional agreements that may be signed and as circumstances warrant. for additional information on our covid-19 vaccine development program, see note 2 and the item 1a. risk factors-covid-19 pandemic section in this form 10-k.
•initiation, in september 2020, of a phase 1b clinical trial in hospitalized participants with covid-19 to evaluate the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of a novel investigational protease inhibitor for covid-19, pf-07304814, which is a phosphate prodrug of a 3c-like (3cl) protease inhibitor, pf-00835231.
despite our significant investments and efforts, any of our ongoing development programs related to covid-19 may not be successful as the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty these efforts will yield a successful product or that costs will ultimately be recouped.
impact of covid-19 on our business and operations the following discussion summarizes our current views of key business and operational areas impacted by the pandemic and its effects on our business, operations, and financial condition and results. as part of our on-going monitoring and assessment, we have made certain assumptions regarding the covid-19 pandemic for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the duration, severity and the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic, as well as covid-19 vaccine supply and contracts, which remain dynamic. despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. in particular, we believe the ultimate impact on our business, operations and financial condition and results will be affected by the speed and extent of the continued spread of the coronavirus globally; the emergence of additional virus variants; the duration of the pandemic; new information regarding the severity and incidence of covid-19; the safety, efficacy and availability of vaccines and treatments for covid-19; the rate at which the population becomes vaccinated against covid-19; the global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic and governmental or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control supply of medicines. we are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, r&d and enabling functions globally.
our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways. for example:
•at this time, most of our colleagues who are able to perform their job functions outside of our facilities continue to work remotely, while certain colleagues in the pgs and wrdm organizations continue to work onsite and are subject to strict protocols intended to reduce the risk of transmission.
•while engagement with healthcare professionals has started to return to pre-pandemic levels due to our virtual engagement capabilities, our sales force colleagues continue to encounter mixed access as a result of ongoing restrictions on in-person meetings. we are actively reviewing and assessing epidemiological data and our colleagues remain ready to resume in-person engagements with healthcare professionals on a location-by-location basis as soon as it is safe to do so. during the pandemic, we have adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our existing digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information, including increasing the scale of our remote engagement.
•we have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain to date, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels.
•after a brief pause to the recruitment portion of certain ongoing clinical studies and a delay to most new study starts, we restarted recruitment across the development portfolio (including new study starts) in late-april 2020.
•our portfolio of products experienced varying impacts from the pandemic. some of our products are medically necessary but also more reliant on maintenance therapy with continuing patients in addition to new patients, some of our products are more reliant on new patient starts and typically require doctor visits, including wellness visits, and some of our products are identified as medically necessary for treatment in the pandemic. a large proportion of our portfolio comprises oral or self-injected medicines that do not require a visit to an infusion center or a physician's office for administration, but vaccines and physician-administered medicines, which do require office visits, were impacted in 2020 by covid-19-related mobility restrictions or limitations and decline in patient visits to doctors. in addition, certain of our vaccines such as prevnar 13/prevenar 13 may be impacted by recommendations by certain health officials to not co-administer such vaccines alongside the covid-19 vaccines. for additional detail on the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our products, see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income-revenues-selected product discussion section within md&a.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k notwithstanding the foregoing impact of the pandemic, given our significant operating cash flows, as well as our financial assets, access to capital markets and revolving credit agreements, we believe we have, and expect to maintain, the ability to meet liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. we will continue to pursue efforts to maintain the continuity of our operations while monitoring for new developments related to the pandemic. future developments could result in additional favorable or unfavorable impacts on our business, operations or financial condition and results. if we experience significant disruption in our manufacturing or supply chains or significant disruptions in clinical trials or other operations, or if demand for our products is significantly reduced as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we could experience a material adverse impact on our business, operations and financial condition and results. see the item 1a. risk factors-covid-19 pandemic section of this form 10-k.
significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions following is a discussion about the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements. also, see note 1c.
for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 1. of these policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: acquisitions (note 1d); fair value (note 1e); revenues (note 1g); asset impairments (note 1l); tax assets and liabilities and income tax contingencies (note 1p); pension and postretirement benefit plans (note 1q); and legal and environmental contingencies (note 1r).
acquisitions and fair value for discussions about the application of fair value, see the following: recent acquisitions (note 2a); investments (note 7a); benefit plan assets (note 11d); and asset impairments below.
revenues our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. such variable consideration represents chargebacks, rebates, sales allowances and sales returns. these deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period.
historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends. if any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate estimates of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. the potential of our estimates to vary (sensitivity) differs by program, product, type of customer and geographic location. however, estimates associated with u.s. medicare, medicaid and performance-based contract rebates are most at risk for material adjustment because of the extensive time delay between the recording of the accrual and its ultimate settlement, an interval that can generally range up to one year. because of this lag, our recording of adjustments to reflect actual amounts can incorporate revisions of several prior quarters.
asset impairments we review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year. we perform impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present. when necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets. our impairment review processes are described in note 1l.
examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include:
•a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset. for example, a successful challenge of our patent rights would likely result in generic competition earlier than expected.
•a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used such as a restriction imposed by the fda or other regulatory authorities that could affect our ability to manufacture or sell a product.
•an expectation of losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. this could result, for example, from a change in a government reimbursement program that results in an inability to sustain projected product revenues and profitability. this also could result from the introduction of a competitor's product that impacts projected revenue growth, as well as the lack of acceptance of a product by patients, physicians and payers. for ipr&d projects, this could result from, among other things, a change in outlook based on clinical trial data, a delay in the projected launch date or additional expenditures to commercialize the product.
identifiable intangible assets we use an income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of intangible assets, other than goodwill. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which incorporates the consideration of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions that impact our fair value estimates include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections and the impact of technological advancements and risk associated with ipr&d assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic origin of the projected cash flows.
while all intangible assets other than goodwill can face events and circumstances that can lead to impairment, those that are most at risk of impairment include ipr&d assets (approximately $3.2 billion as of december 31, 2020) and newly acquired or recently impaired indefinite-lived brand assets. ipr&d assets are high-risk assets, given the uncertain nature of r&d. newly acquired and recently impaired indefinite-lived assets are more vulnerable to impairment as the assets are recorded at fair value and are then subsequently measured at the lower of fair value or pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k carrying value at the end of each reporting period. as such, immediately after acquisition or impairment, even small declines in the outlook for these assets can negatively impact our ability to recover the carrying value and can result in an impairment charge.
goodwill our goodwill impairment review work as of december 31, 2020 concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired and we do not believe the risk of impairment is significant at this time.
in our review, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. qualitative factors that we consider include, for example, macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative fair value test.
when we are required to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we mainly use the income approach but may also use the market approach, or a weighted-average combination of both approaches.
•the income approach is a forward-looking approach to estimating fair value and relies primarily on internal forecasts. within the income approach, we use the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows for the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then we apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
•the market approach is a historical approach to estimating fair value and relies primarily on external information. we may use two alternative methods within the market approach:
◦guideline public company method-this method employs market multiples derived from market prices of stocks of companies that are engaged in the same or similar lines of business and that are actively traded on a free and open market and the application of the identified multiples to the corresponding measure of our reporting unit's financial performance.
◦guideline transaction method-this method relies on pricing multiples derived from transactions of significant interests in companies engaged in the same or similar lines of business and the application of the identified multiples to the corresponding measure of our reporting unit's financial performance.
the market approach is only appropriate when the available external information is robust and deemed to be a reliable proxy for the specific reporting unit being valued; however, these assessments may prove to be incomplete or inaccurate. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the selection of appropriate guideline companies and transactions and the determination of applicable premiums and discounts based on any differences in ownership percentages, ownership rights, business ownership forms or marketability between the reporting unit and the guideline companies and transactions.
for all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. for a list of these factors, see the forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results and the item 1a. risk factors sections in this form 10-k.
benefit plans for a description of our different benefit plans, see note 11.
effective january 1, 2018, accruals for future benefits under the pcpp (our largest u.s. defined benefit plan) and the defined benefit section of the pfizer group pension scheme (our largest pension plan in the u.k.) were frozen and resulted in elimination of future service costs for the plans. the pfizer defined contribution savings plan provides additional annual contributions to those previously accruing benefits under the pcpp and active members of the pfizer group pension scheme started accruing benefits under the defined contribution section of that plan.
our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our judgment regarding future expectations that have been deemed reasonable by management. the judgments made in determining the costs of our benefit plans can materially impact our results of operations.
the following provides (i) at the end of each year, the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for the following year, (ii) the actual annual rate of return on plan assets achieved in each year, and (iii) the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations at the end of each year for our u.s. qualified pension plans and our international pension plans(a):
2020                                                                                                                          2019                                                                                                                          2018
u.s. qualified pension plans expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                                     6.8                    %                                                                                                      7.0                    %                                                                                                      7.2                    %
actual annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                                      14.1                                                                                                                          22.6                                                                                                                         (5.3)
discount rate used to measure the plan obligations                                                                                                                2.6                                                                                                                           3.3                                                                                                                           4.4
international pension plans expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                                     3.4                                                                                                                           3.6                                                                                                                           3.9
actual annual rate of return on plan assets                                                                                                                       9.7                                                                                                                          10.7                                                                                                                         (0.9)
discount rate used to measure the plan obligations                                                                                                                1.5                                                                                                                           1.7                                                                                                                           2.5
(a)for detailed assumptions associated with our benefit plans, see note 11b.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k expected annual rate of return on plan assets the assumptions for the expected annual rate of return on all of our plan assets reflect our actual historical return experience and our long-term assessment of forward-looking return expectations by asset classes, which is used to develop a weighted-average expected return based on the implementation of our targeted asset allocation in our respective plans.
the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for our u.s. plans and the majority of our international plans is applied to the fair value of plan assets at each year-end and the resulting amount is reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year.
the following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs to a 50 basis point decline in our assumption for the expected annual rate of return on plan assets, holding all other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):
assumption                                                                                                  change                                                                                                      increase in 2021 net periodic benefit costs expected annual rate of return on plan assets                                                               50 basis point decline                                                                                      $116
the actual return on plan assets was approximately $2.9 billion during 2020.
discount rate used to measure plan obligations the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our u.s. defined benefit plans is determined at least annually and evaluated and modified, as required, to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rated aa/aa or better, that reflect the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. the discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our international plans is determined at least annually by reference to investment grade corporate bonds, rated aa/aa or better, including, when there is sufficient data, a yield-curve approach. these discount rate determinations are made in consideration of local requirements.
the measurement of the plan obligations at the end of the year will affect the amount of service cost, interest cost and amortization expense reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year.
the following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs and benefit obligations to a 10 basis point decline in our assumption for the discount rate, holding all other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):
assumption                                                                    change                                                                        increase in 2021 net periodic benefit costs                                               2020 benefit obligations increase                                                                                  increase discount rate                                                                 10 basis point decline                                                        $2                                                                                        $483
the change in the discount rates used in measuring our plan obligations as of december 31, 2020 resulted in an increase in the measurement of our aggregate plan obligations by approximately $1.9 billion.
anticipated change in accounting policy we anticipate making a change in our pension accounting policy under which we would begin recognizing actuarial gains and losses immediately in the income statement compared to our current accounting policy that recognizes such gains and losses in stockholders' equity and amortizes them as a component of net periodic benefit cost/(credit) over future periods. this anticipated change is expected to go into effect in the first quarter of 2021 and if adopted, will require recasting prior period amounts to conform to the new accounting policy.
income tax assets and liabilities income tax assets and liabilities include income tax valuation allowances and accruals for uncertain tax positions. for additional information, see notes 1p and 5, as well as the analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk--selected measures of liquidity and capital resources section within md&a.
contingencies we and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including tax, legal contingencies and guarantees and indemnifications. for additional information, see notes 1p, 1r, 5d and 16.

analysis of the consolidated statements of income revenues by geography the following presents worldwide revenues by geography:
year ended december 31,                                                                                                                                                                                                 % change worldwide                                                               u.s.                                                                    international                                                           worldwide                                    u.s.                                      international
(millions of dollars)         2020                    2019                    2018                    2020                    2019                    2018                    2020                    2019                    2018                             20/19                   19/18                20/19                19/18                20/19                   19/18
total revenues                         $41,908                 $41,172                 $40,825                 $21,712                 $20,593                 $20,119                 $20,196                 $20,579                 $20,705        2                    1                       5                    2                             (2)                     (1)
2020 v. 2019
the following provides an analysis of the change in worldwide revenues by geographic areas in 2020:
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                worldwide                                      u.s.                             international operational growth/(decline):
growth from prevnar 13/prevenar 13, ibrance, eliquis, xeljanz, vyndaqel/vyndamax, xtandi, inlyta, biosimilars and the hospital therapeutic area, partially offset by chantix/champix. see the analysis of the consolidated statements of income--revenues--selected product discussion within md&amp;a for additional analysis                                   $3,479                                    $1,902                                    $1,577
impact of completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction. revenues in 2019 reflect seven months of consumer healthcare business domestic operations and eight months of international operations, and none in 2020                                                                                                                                        (2,082)                                     (988)                                   (1,094)
lower revenues for enbrel internationally, primarily reflecting continued biosimilar competition in most developed europe markets, as well as in japan and brazil, all of which is expected to continue                                                                                                                                                           (320)                                         -                                     (320)
other operational factors, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (10)          205                                                                  (214)
operational growth/(decline), net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1,068                                     1,119                                      (50)
unfavorable impact of foreign exchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (331)                                         -                                     (331)
revenues increase/(decrease)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $736                                    $1,119                                    $(383)
revenues for 2020 included an estimated unfavorable impact of approximately $700 million, or 2%, due to covid-19, primarily reflecting lower demand for certain products in china and unfavorable disruptions to wellness visits for patients in the u.s., which negatively impacted prescribing patterns for certain products, partially offset by increased u.s. demand for certain sterile injectable products and increased adult uptake for prevenar 13 in certain international markets, resulting from greater vaccine awareness for respiratory illnesses, and u.s. revenues for bnt162b2.
emerging markets revenues decreased $456 million, or 5%, in 2020 to $8.4 billion from $8.8 billion in 2019, and were relatively flat operationally, reflecting an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of 5% on emerging markets revenues. the relatively flat operational performance was primarily driven by growth from eliquis, prevenar 13, ibrance and zavicefta, offset by lower revenues for consumer healthcare, reflecting the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction.

2019 v. 2018
the following provides an analysis of the change in worldwide revenues by geographic areas in 2019:
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 worldwide                                      u.s.                             international operational growth/(decline):
growth from ibrance, eliquis, xeljanz and prevnar/prevenar 13                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $2,495                                      $914                                    $1,581
higher revenues for certain hospital products as a result of:•continued growth of anti-infective products in china, driven by increased demand for sulperazon and new launches;•the 2018 u.s. launches of our immune globulin iv products (panzyga and octagam); and•the launches of certain anti-infectives products (zavicefta, zinforo and cresemba) in international developed and emerging markets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              472                                       174                                       298
higher revenues for inlyta, primarily in the u.s. driven by increased demand resulting from the second quarter of 2019 u.s. fda approvals for the combinations of certain immune checkpoint inhibitors plus inlyta for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced rcc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        190                                       175                                        14
higher revenues for biosimilars, primarily in the u.s.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               168                                       185                                      (17)
higher revenues for rare disease products driven by: •the u.s. launches in may 2019 of vyndaqel and in september 2019 of vyndamax for the treatment of attr-cm;•continued uptake for the transthyretin amyloid polyneuropathy indication, primarily in developed europe; and•the march 2019 launch of the attr-cm indication in japan,partially offset by: •lower revenues for certain rare disease products, including the hemophilia franchises (refacto af/xyntha and benefix), primarily due to competitive pressures, and genotropin in developed markets, mainly due to unfavorable channel mix in the u.s.                                    159                                       108                                        51
impact of completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction. revenues in 2019 only reflect seven months of consumer healthcare business domestic operations and eight months of international operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (1,436)                                     (889)                                     (547)
lower revenues from other hospital products, primarily reflecting declines in developed markets, mostly due to the continued expected negative impact from generic competition for products that have previously lost marketing exclusivity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (447)                                     (200)                                     (247)
lower revenues for enbrel, primarily in most developed europe markets due to continued biosimilar competition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (292)                                         -                                     (292)
other operational factors, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       141                                         6                                       136
operational growth, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            1,450                                       473                                       976
unfavorable impact of foreign exchange                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (1,103)                                         -                                   (1,103)
revenues increase/(decrease)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $347                                      $473                                    $(127)
emerging markets revenues increased $210 million, or 2%, in 2019 to $8.8 billion, from $8.6 billion in 2018, reflecting an operational increase of $820 million, or 10%. foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact of 7% on emerging markets revenues. the operational increase in emerging markets was primarily driven by prevenar 13, ibrance and eliquis.
revenue deductions our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. these deductions represent estimates of related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period.
historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends.
the following presents information about revenue deductions:
year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                                       2020   2019                            2018
medicare rebates                                                       $647                            $628                            $495
medicaid and related state program rebates                            1,136                           1,259        984
performance-based contract rebates                                    2,660                           2,332                           1,758
chargebacks                                                           4,531                           3,411                           2,954
sales allowances                                                      3,841                           3,782                           3,536
sales returns and cash discounts                                        924        878                                                1,128
total                                                               $13,739                         $12,290                         $10,854
revenue deductions are primarily a function of product sales volume, mix of products sold, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates.
for information on our accruals for revenue deductions, including the balance sheet classification of these accruals, see note 1g.

revenues-selected product discussion revenue
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                                     year ended dec. 31,                                      % change product                                                  global                  region                                  2020                            2019                    total            oper.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              operational results commentary revenues prevnar 13/                                              $5,850                  u.s.                             $2,930           $3,209                           (9)                                       operational growth internationally primarily reflects increased adult uptake in certain international markets resulting from greater vaccine awareness for respiratory illnesses, including specifically pneumococcal disease, due to the covid-19 pandemic, as well as continued strong pediatric uptake in china, partially offset by a decline in the u.s., primarily driven by the expected unfavorable impact of disruptions to wellness visits for pediatric and adult patients due to covid-19-related mobility restrictions or limitations as well as the continued impact of a lower remaining eligible adult population and the impact of the revised acip recommendation for the adult indication to shared clinical decision making, which means the decision to vaccinate should be made at the individual level between health care providers and their patients.
prevenar 13                                               up 1%
(operationally)
int'l.                                              2,920      2,638                                11                              13
worldwide                                          $5,850      $5,847                                     -                          1
ibrance                                                  $5,392                  u.s.                             $3,634           $3,250                            12                                       primarily driven by continued strong volume growth in most markets, partially offset by pricing pressures in certain developed europe markets.
up 9% (operationally)
int'l.                                              1,758      1,710                                 3                               5
worldwide                                          $5,392      $4,961                                9                               9
eliquis                                                  $4,949                  u.s.                             $2,688           $2,343                            15                                       primarily driven by continued increased adoption in non-valvular atrial fibrillation as well as oral anti-coagulant market share gains, partially offset by a lower net price due to an increased impact from the medicare "coverage gap" and unfavorable channel mix in the u.s.
up 18%
(operationally)
int'l.                                              2,260      1,877                                20                              22
worldwide                                          $4,949      $4,220                               17                              18
xeljanz                                                  $2,437                  u.s.                             $1,706           $1,636                             4                                       higher volumes in the u.s. within the ra, psa and uc indications driven by reaching additional patients through improvements in formulary access, partially offset by increased discounts from recently-signed contracts which were entered into in order to unlock access to additional patient lives. also reflects operational growth internationally mainly driven by continued uptake in the ra indication and, to a lesser extent, from the recent launch of the uc indication in certain developed markets.
up 9%
(operationally)
int'l.                          731                   606      21                                                    23
worldwide                    $2,437                $2,242      9                                                      9
vyndaqel/                                                $1,288                  u.s.                               $613             $191                                *                                    driven by the u.s. launches of vyndaqel in may 2019 and vyndamax in september 2019 for the treatment of attr-cm and by the march 2019 launch of the attr-cm indication in japan and the february 2020 approval of the attr-cm indication in the eu.
vyndamax                                                      *
int'l.                          675                   282      *                         *
worldwide                    $1,288                  $473      *                         *
xtandi                                                   $1,024                  u.s.                             $1,024             $838                            22                                       primarily driven by continued strong demand for xtandi in the mcrpc and nmcrpc indications, as well as the mcspc indication, which was approved in the u.s. in december 2019.
up 22%
(operationally)
int'l.            -                                 -                        -   -
worldwide         $1,024                         $838                    22             22
chantix/                                                   $919                  u.s.                               $716             $899                          (20)                                       driven by the u.s. and primarily reflects expected lower demand resulting from reduced doctor visits, including wellness visits when chantix is typically prescribed, due to covid-19-related mobility restrictions or limitations as well as the loss of patent protection in the u.s. in november 2020, partially offset by increased demand in spain as a result of government reimbursement starting in january 2020.
champix                                                down 17%
(operationally)
int'l.                          203                   208                           (2)                             (1)
worldwide                      $919                $1,107                          (17)                            (17)
inlyta                                                     $787                  u.s.                               $523             $295                            78                                       primarily due to increased demand in the u.s. and certain developed international markets, following the approvals in 2019 for combinations of certain immune checkpoint inhibitors plus inlyta for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced rcc.
up 66%
(operationally)
int'l.                          264                   182      45                                                    47
worldwide                      $787                  $477      65                                                    66
biosimilars                                              $1,527                  u.s.                               $899             $451                            99                                       primarily driven by recent oncology biosimilar launches in the u.s. and other global markets and continued growth from retacrit, primarily in the u.s.
up 68%
(operationally)
int'l.                          628                   460      36                                                    37
worldwide                    $1,527                  $911      68                                                    68
hospital                                                 $7,961                  u.s.                             $3,362           $3,081                             9                                       higher revenues in the u.s., primarily driven by increased demand for certain sterile injectable products utilized in the intubation and ongoing treatment of mechanically-ventilated covid-19 patients, continued growth from panzyga and recent anti-infective launches, as well as pfizer centreone business in international markets, partially offset by lower demand for certain anti-infective products in china due to lower infection rates driven by fewer elective surgical procedures, shorter in-patient hospital stays and improved infection control.
up 3%
(operationally)
int'l.                        4,599                 4,691                           (2)                                    -
worldwide                    $7,961                $7,772      2                                                      3
* calculation is not meaningful or results are equal to or greater than 100%.
see the item 1. business-patents and other intellectual property rights section in this form 10-k for information regarding the expiration of various patent rights.
see note 16 for a discussion of recent developments concerning patent and product litigation relating to certain of the products discussed above.
see note 17b for additional information regarding the primary indications or class of the selected products discussed above.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k product developments a comprehensive update of pfizer's development pipeline was published as of february 2, 2021 and is available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. it includes an overview of our research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in phase 1 and all candidates from phase 2 through registration.
the following provides information about significant marketing application-related regulatory actions by, and filings pending with, the fda and regulatory authorities in the eu and japan. the table below includes only approvals for products that have occurred in the last twelve months and does not include approvals that may have occurred prior to that time. the table includes filings with regulatory decisions pending (even if the filing occurred outside of the last twelve-month period).
product                                                     disease area                                                                              approved/filed*
u.s.                                                        eu                                                                                        japan pf-07302048 (covid-19 vaccine)(a)                           immunization to prevent covid-19 (16 years of age and older)                              euadec. 2020               cmadec. 2020               approved feb. 2021
bavencio (avelumab)(b)                                      first-line maintenance urothelial cancer                                                  approvedjune 2020          approvedjan. 2021          filedmay 2020
first-line rcc (combination with inlyta (axitinib))                                                                                                                              approveddec. 2019
nyvepria (pegfilgrastim-apgf)                               neutropenia in patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy (biosimilar)                       approvedjune 2020          approvednov. 2020
braftovi (encorafenib)(c)                                   second or third-line brafv600e-mutant mcrc (combination with erbitux® (cetuximab))        approvedapril 2020         approvedjune 2020          approvednov. 2020
braftovi (encorafenib) and mektovi (binimetinib)(c)         second or third-line brafv600e-mutant mcrc (combination with erbitux® (cetuximab))                                                              approvednov. 2020
xtandi(enzalutamide)(d)                                     mcspc                                                                                     approveddec. 2019          filedjuly 2019
abrilada (u.s.); amsparity (eu)(adalimumab-afzb)(e)         ra (biosimilar)                                                                           approvednov. 2019          approved feb. 2020
abrocitinib (pf-04965842)                                   atopic dermatitis                                                                         filedoct.2020              filedoct.2020              fileddec.2020
infliximab pfizer (infliximab)                              ankylosing spondylitis (biosimilar)                                                                                                             approvedoct.2020
bevacizumab pfizer (bevacizumab)                            non-small cell lung cancer (biosimilar)                                                                                                         approvedsept. 2020
rituximab pfizer (rituximab)                                chronic idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (biosimilar)                                                                                        approvedaug.2020
tanezumab(f)                                                chronic pain due to moderate-to-severe osteoarthritis                                     filedmarch 2020            filedmarch 2020            filedaug.2020
bosulif                                                     first-line chronic myelogenous leukemia                                                                                                         approvedjune 2020
(bosutinib)
daurismo                                                    combination with low-dose cytarabine for aml                                                                         approvedjune 2020
(glasdegib)
ruxience                                                    follicular lymphoma (biosimilar)                                                                                     approvedapril 2020
(rituximab)
staquis                                                     atopic dermatitis                                                                                                    approvedmarch 2020
(crisaborole)
vyndaqel (tafamidis free acid)                              attr-cm                                                                                                              approvedfeb. 2020
xeljanz                                                     modified release 11 mg tablet for ra (combination with methotrexate)                                                 approveddec. 2019
(tofacitinib)
ankylosing spondylitis                                      filedaug.2020
relugolix(g)                                                uterine fibroids (combination with estradiol and norethindrone acetate)                   filedaug.2020
lorbrena (lorlatinib)                                       first- line alk-positive non-small cell lung cancer                                       fileddec.2020
somatrogon (pf-06836922)(h)                                 pediatric growth hormone deficiency                                                       filedjan.2021
pf-06482077 (vaccine)                                       invasive and non-invasive pneumococcal infections (adults)                                fileddec.2020

*for the u.s., the filing date is the date on which the fda accepted our submission. for the eu, the filing date is the date on which the ema validated our submission.
(a)pf-07302048 or bnt162b2 (pfizer/biontech covid-19 vaccine) received eua from the fda and cma from the ema.
(b)being developed in collaboration with merck kgaa, germany.
(c)erbitux® is a registered trademark of imclone llc. in the eu, we are developing in collaboration with the pierre fabre group. in japan, we are developing in collaboration with ono pharmaceutical co., ltd.
(d)being developed in collaboration with astellas.
(e)we are working to make abrilada available to u.s. patients as soon as feasible based on the terms of our agreement with abbvie. current plans are to launch abrilada in 2023. we do not currently plan to commercialize amsparity in the eu due to unfavorable market conditions.
(f)being developed in collaboration with lilly.
(g)being developed in collaboration with myovant.
(h)being developed in collaboration with opko health, inc.
in china, the following products received regulatory approvals in the last twelve months: eucrisa for atopic dermatitis in july 2020 and vyndaqel for cardiac amyloidosis in september 2020.
the following provides information about additional indications and new drug candidates in late-stage development:
product/candidate                                                             proposed disease area late-stage clinical programs for additional uses and dosage forms       bavencio (avelumab)(a)                                                        first-line non-small cell lung cancer for in-line and in-registration products ibrance (palbociclib)(b)                                                er+/her2+ metastatic breast cancer xtandi (enzalutamide)(c)                                                non-metastatic high-risk castration sensitive prostate cancer talzenna (talazoparib)                                                  combination with xtandi (enzalutamide) for first-line mcrpc pf-06482077 (vaccine)                                                   invasive and non-invasive pneumococcal infections (pediatric)
somatrogon (pf-06836922)(d)                                             adult growth hormone deficiency tanezumab(e)                                                            cancer pain braftovi (encorafenib) and erbitux® (cetuximab)(f)                      first-line brafv600e-mutant mcrc relugolix(g)                                                            combination with estradiol and norethindrone acetate for endometriosis new drug candidates in late-stage development                           aztreonam-avibactam                                                           treatment of infections caused by gram-negative bacteria for which there are limited or no treatment options
(pf-06947387)
fidanacogene elaparvovec (pf-06838435)                                  hemophilia b giroctocogene fitelparvovec (sb-525 or pf-07055480)                     hemophilia a pf-06425090 (vaccine)                                                   primary clostridioides difficile infection pf-06886992 (vaccine)                                                   serogroups meningococcal (adolescent and young adults)
pf-06928316 (vaccine)                                                   respiratory syncytial virus infection (maternal)
pf-07265803                                                             dilated cardiomyopathy due to lamin a/c gene mutation ritlecitinib (pf-06651600)                                              alopecia areata sasanlimab (pf-06801591)                                                non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer pf-06939926                                                             duchenne muscular dystrophy marstacimab (pf-06741086)                                               hemophilia
(a)being developed in collaboration with merck kgaa, germany.
(b)being developed in collaboration with the alliance foundation trial.
(c)being developed in collaboration with astellas.
(d)being developed in collaboration with opko health, inc.
(e)being developed in collaboration with lilly.
(f)erbitux® is a registered trademark of imclone llc. in the eu, we are developing in collaboration with the pierre fabre group. in japan, we are developing in collaboration with ono pharmaceutical co., ltd.
(g)being developed in collaboration with myovant.
for additional information about our r&d organization, see the item 1. business-research and development section of this form 10-k.
costs and expenses the changes in costs and expenses below reflect, among other things, a decline in expenses resulting from the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction (see note 2c). in addition, the covid-19 pandemic impacted certain operating expenses in 2020.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k costs and expenses follow:
year ended december 31,                                      % change
(millions of dollars)                                                               2020                        2019                        2018                  20/19                  19/18
cost of sales                                                                 $8,692                      $8,251                      $8,987                      5                    (8)
percentage of revenues                                                          20.7   %                    20.0   %                    22.0   %
selling, informational and administrative expenses                            11,615                      12,750                      12,612                    (9)                      1
percentage of revenues                                                          27.7   %                    31.0   %                    30.9   %
research and development expenses                                              9,405                       8,394                       7,760                     12                      8
percentage of revenues                                                          22.4   %                    20.4   %                    19.0   %
amortization of intangible assets                                              3,436                       4,462                       4,736                   (23)                    (6)
percentage of revenues                                                           8.2   %                    10.8   %                    11.6   %
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                      600                         601                       1,058                          -               (43)
percentage of revenues                                                           1.4   %                     1.5   %                     2.6   %
other (income)/deductions-net                                                    669                       3,314                       2,077                   (80)                     60
cost of sales
2020 v. 2019
cost of sales increased $441 million, primarily due to:
•increased sales volumes;
•the increase in royalty expenses, due to an increase in sales of related products;
•the unfavorable impact of incremental costs incurred in response to the covid-19 pandemic; and
•the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and hedging activity on intercompany inventory, partially offset by:
•the favorable impact of the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction.
the increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenues in 2020, compared to 2019, was primarily due to all of the factors discussed above, partially offset by an increase in alliance revenues, which have no associated cost of sales.
2019 v. 2018
cost of sales decreased $736 million, primarily due to:
•the favorable impact of the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction;
•the favorable impact of foreign exchange; and
•the favorable impact of hedging activity of intercompany inventory, partially offset by:
•the unfavorable change in product mix; and
•the increase in royalty expenses, due to an increase in sales of related products.
the decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of revenues in 2019, compared to 2018, was primarily due to all of the factors discussed above, as well an increase in alliance revenues, which have no associated cost of sales.
selling, informational and administrative (si&a) expenses
2020 v. 2019
si&a expenses decreased $1.1 billion, mostly due to:
•the favorable impact of the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction;
•lower spending for corporate enabling functions;
•lower spending on sales and marketing activities due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic; and
•lower investments across the internal medicine and inflammation & immunology portfolios, partially offset by:
•the increase in external, incremental costs directly related to implementing our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives; and
•the increase in business and legal entity alignment costs.
2019 v. 2018
si&a expenses increased $138 million, primarily due to:
•additional investment in emerging markets;
•additional investment in the oncology portfolio in developed markets;
•increased employee deferred compensation as a result of savings plan gains;
•the increase due to the timing of expenses (i.e., insurance recoveries and product donations);
•marketing and promotional expenses for the u.s. launches of vyndaqel in may 2019 and vyndamax in september 2019;

•increased business and legal entity alignment costs;
•costs to separate consumer healthcare; and
•increased healthcare reform expenses, partially offset by:
•the favorable impact of the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv; and
•the favorable impact of foreign exchange.
research and development (r&d) expenses
2020 v. 2019
r&d expenses increased $1.0 billion, mainly due to:
•costs related to our collaboration agreement with biontech to co-develop a covid-19 vaccine, including an upfront payment to biontech;
•a net increase in upfront payments, mainly related to myovant and valneva; and
•increased investments towards building new capabilities and driving automation, partially offset by:
•the net reduction of upfront and milestone payments associated with the acquisition of therachon in july 2019 and akcea in october 2019.
2019 v. 2018
r&d expenses increased $635 million, mainly due to:
•upfront payments to therachon and akcea;
•increased investments towards building new capabilities and driving automation;
•increased spending on our inflammation & immunology and rare disease portfolios due to several phase 3 programs and investment in gene therapy;
•increased spending related to assets acquired from our acquisition of array; and
•increased medical spend for new and growing products, partially offset by:
•decreased spending across the oncology, vaccines and internal medicine portfolios, as select programs have reached completion;
•the decrease in the value of the portfolio performance share grants reflecting changes in the price of pfizer's common stock, as well as management's assessment of the probability that the specified performance criteria will be achieved;
•the discontinuation of the staphylococcus aureus vaccine trial;
•the favorable impact of the july 31, 2019 completion of the consumer healthcare jv; and
•the favorable impact of foreign exchange.
amortization of intangible assets
2020 v. 2019
amortization of intangible assets decreased $1.0 billion, primarily due to:
•the non-recurrence of amortization of fully amortized assets and the impairment of eucrisa in the fourth quarter of 2019, partially offset by:
•the increase in amortization of intangible assets from our acquisition of array.
2019 v. 2018
amortization of intangible assets decreased $274 million, mainly due to:
•the non-recurrence of amortization as a result of the impairment of sterile injectable products in the fourth quarter of 2018;
•fully amortized assets; and
•the contribution of our consumer healthcare business to the consumer healthcare jv, partially offset by:
•the increase in amortization related to assets recorded as a result of the approval of xtandi in the u.s. for the treatment of nmcrpc in july of 2018; and
•amortization of intangible assets from our acquisition of array.
for additional information, see notes 2a, 2c, and 10a.
restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives transforming to a more focused company program for a description of our program, as well as the anticipated and actual costs, see note 3. the program savings discussed below may be rounded and represent approximations. in connection with the costs primarily related to the corporate enabling functions initiatives, we expect gross cost savings of $1.0 billion, or net cost savings, excluding merit and inflation growth and certain real estate cost increases, of $700 million, to be achieved primarily over the two-year period 2021-2022. in connection with manufacturing network optimization, including legacy cost reduction initiatives, we expect targeted net cost savings of $300 million to be achieved primarily from 2020 through 2022.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k certain qualifying costs for this program were recorded in 2020, and in the fourth quarter of 2019, and are reflected as certain significant items and excluded from our non-gaap measure of adjusted income. see the non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income section of this md&a.
in addition to this program, we continuously monitor our operations for cost reduction and/or productivity opportunities, especially in light of the losses of exclusivity and the expiration of collaborative arrangements for various products.
other (income)/deductions--net
2020 v. 2019
other deductions-net decreased $2.6 billion, mainly due to:
•lower asset impairment charges;
•higher net periodic benefit credits other than service costs;
•lower business and legal entity alignment costs;
•higher consumer healthcare jv equity method income; and
•lower charges for certain legal matters, partially offset by:
•higher net losses on asset disposals.
2019 v. 2018
other deductions-net increased $1.2 billion, mainly due to:
•higher net periodic benefits costs other than service costs;
•lower income from collaborations, out-licensing arrangements and sales of compound/product rights;
•higher interest expense mainly as a result of an increased commercial paper balance due to the acquisition of array, as well as the retirement of lower-coupon debt and the issuance of new debt with a higher coupon than the debt outstanding for the comparative prior year period; and
•higher business and legal entity alignment costs, partially offset by:
•lower asset impairment charges.
see note 4 for additional information.
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income year ended december 31,                           % change
(millions of dollars)                                              2020                      2019                        2018         20/19            19/18
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income                        $477                      $618                   $(266)             (23)                *
effective tax rate on continuing operations                     6.4   %                   5.4   %               (7.4)       %
*indicates calculation not meaningful or result is equal to or greater than 100%.
for information about our effective tax rate and the events and circumstances contributing to the changes between periods, as well as details about discrete elements that impacted our tax provisions, see note 5.
discontinued operations for information about our discontinued operations, see note 2b.
non-gaap financial measure: adjusted income adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance in conjunction with other performance measures. as such, we believe that investors' understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. we use adjusted income, certain components of adjusted income and adjusted diluted eps to present the results of our major operations--the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sales and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide--prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows:
measure                                                                                                                                                                          definition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   illustrative use adjusted income                                                                                                                                                                  net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders(a)before the impact of purchase accounting for acquisitions, acquisition-related costs, discontinued operations and certain significant items                                                                                                                                                                                     •monthly managerial analysis of our operating results and our annual budgets are prepared using these non-gaap measures•senior management's compensation is determined, in part, using these non-gaap measures(b)

(a)most directly comparable gaap measure.
(b)the short-term incentive plans for substantially all non-sales-force employees worldwide are funded from a pool based on our performance, measured in significant part by three metrics, one of which is adjusted diluted eps, which is derived from adjusted income and accounts for 40% of the bonus pool funding. additionally, the payout for performance share awards is determined in part by adjusted net income, which is derived from adjusted income. effective for the 2020 performance year and consistent with shareholder feedback received in 2019, the compensation committee of the bod approved adding an r&d pipeline achievement factor to the existing short-term incentive financial metrics.
adjusted income, and its components and adjusted diluted eps, are non-gaap financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and, therefore, are limited in their usefulness to investors. because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and are presented solely to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. a limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations without including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. these measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for their directly comparable gaap measures of net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders, components of net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders and eps attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders-diluted, respectively. see the accompanying reconciliations of certain gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information for 2020, 2019 and 2018 below.
we also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these measures. we also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. for example, our r&d organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectiveness is measured. in addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts under certain of our incentive compensation plans.
purchase accounting adjustments adjusted income excludes certain significant purchase accounting impacts resulting from business combinations and net asset acquisitions. these impacts can include the incremental charge to cost of sales from the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value, amortization related to the increase in fair value of the acquired finite-lived intangible assets, and to a much lesser extent, depreciation related to the increase/decrease in fair value of the acquired fixed assets, amortization related to the increase in fair value of acquired debt, and the fair value changes for contingent consideration. therefore, the adjusted income measure includes the revenues earned upon the sale of the acquired products without considering the acquisition cost of those products.
the exclusion of amortization attributable to acquired intangible assets provides management and investors an alternative view of our results by providing a degree of parity to internally developed intangible assets for which r&d costs have been expensed. however, we have not factored in the impacts of any other differences that might have occurred if we had discovered and developed those intangible assets on our own, such as different r&d costs, timelines or resulting sales; accordingly, this approach does not intend to be representative of the results that would have occurred if we had discovered and developed the acquired intangible assets internally.
acquisition-related costs adjusted income excludes acquisition-related costs, which are comprised of transaction, integration, restructuring charges and additional depreciation costs for business combinations because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to restructure and integrate businesses as a result of an acquisition. we have made no adjustments for resulting synergies.
the significant costs incurred in connection with a business combination result primarily from the need to eliminate duplicate assets, activities or employees--a natural result of acquiring a fully integrated set of activities. for this reason, we believe that such costs incurred can be viewed differently in the context of an acquisition from those costs incurred in other, more normal, business contexts. the integration and restructuring costs for a business combination may occur over several years, with the more significant impacts typically ending within three years of the relevant transaction. because of the need for certain external approvals for some actions, the span of time needed to achieve certain restructuring and integration activities can be lengthy.
discontinued operations adjusted income excludes the results of discontinued operations, as well as any related gains or losses on the disposal of such operations. we believe that this presentation is meaningful to investors because, while we review our therapeutic areas and product lines for strategic fit with our operations, we do not build or run our business with the intent to discontinue parts of our business. restatements due to discontinued operations do not impact compensation or change the adjusted income measure for the compensation in respect of the restated periods, but are presented for consistency across all periods.
certain significant items adjusted income excludes certain significant items representing substantive and/or unusual items that are evaluated individually on a quantitative and qualitative basis. certain significant items may be highly variable and difficult to predict. furthermore, in some cases it is reasonably possible that they could reoccur in future periods. for example, although major non-acquisition-related cost-reduction programs are specific to an event or goal with a defined term, we may have subsequent programs based on reorganizations of the business, cost productivity or in response to loe or economic conditions. legal charges to resolve litigation are also related to specific cases, which are facts and circumstances specific and, in some cases, may also be the result of litigation matters at acquired companies that were inestimable, not probable or unresolved at the date of acquisition. unusual items represent items that are not part of our ongoing business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be non-recurring; or items that relate to products we no longer sell. for a non-inclusive list of certain significant items see details of income statement items included in gaap reported but excluded from non-gaap adjusted income below.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k reconciliation of gaap reported to non-gaap adjusted information--certain line items
2020
in millions, except per common share data                                                               gaap reported                 purchase accounting adjustments(a)                 acquisition-related costs(a)            discontinued operations(a)                     certain significant items(a)                non-gaap adjusted revenues                                                                                               $41,908                                          $-                                             $-                        $-                                                           $-                              $41,908
cost of sales                                                                                            8,692                                          18                                              -                        -                                                         (118)                                8,592
selling, informational and administrative expenses                                                      11,615                                         (2)                                              -                        -                                                         (489)                               11,124
research and development expenses                                                                        9,405                                           5                                              -                        -                                                         (526)                                8,884
amortization of intangible assets                                                                        3,436                                     (3,152)                                              -                        -                                                             -                                  284
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                                                600                                           -                                           (44)                        -                                                         (556)                                    -
(gain) on completion of consumer healthcare jv transaction                                                 (6)                                           -                                              -                        -                                                             6                                    -
other (income)/deductions--net                                                                             669                                        (75)                                              -                        -                                                       (2,068)                              (1,474)
income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income                         7,497                                       3,206                                             44                        -                                                         3,752                               14,499
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income(b)                                                                 477                                         668                                              9                        -                                                           803                                1,957
income from continuing operations                                                                        7,021                                       2,537                                             35                        -                                                         2,948                               12,541
income from discontinued operations--net of tax                                                          2,631                                           -                                              -                        (2,631)                                                       -                                    -
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                         36                                           -                                              -                        -                                                             -                                   36
net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders                                               9,616                                       2,537                                             35                        (2,631)                                                   2,948                               12,506
earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted                        1.71                                        0.45                                           0.01                        (0.47)                                                     0.52                                 2.22
2019
in millions, except per common share data                                                               gaap reported                 purchase accounting adjustments(a)                 acquisition-related costs(a)            discontinued operations(a)                     certain significant items(a)                non-gaap adjusted revenues                                                                                               $41,172                                          $-                                             $-                        $-                                                           $-                              $41,172
cost of sales                                                                                            8,251                                          19                                              -                        -                                                         (208)                                8,062
selling, informational and administrative expenses                                                      12,750                                           2                                            (2)                        -                                                         (263)                               12,488
research and development expenses                                                                        8,394                                           4                                              -                        -                                                         (663)                                7,736
amortization of intangible assets                                                                        4,462                                     (4,191)                                              -                        -                                                             -                                  271
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                                                601                                           -                                          (183)                        -                                                         (418)                                    -
(gain) on completion of consumer healthcare jv transaction                                             (8,086)                                           -                                              -                        -                                                         8,086                                    -
other (income)/deductions--net                                                                           3,314                                        (21)                                              -                        -                                                       (3,563)                                (270)
income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income                        11,485                                       4,186                                            185                        -                                                       (2,971)                               12,885
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income(b)                                                                 618                                         823                                             59                        -                                                           539                                2,039
income from continuing operations                                                                       10,867                                       3,363                                            126                        -                                                       (3,510)                               10,846
income from discontinued operations--net of tax                                                          5,435                                           -                                              -                        (5,435)                                                       -                                    -
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                         29                                           -                                              -                        -                                                             -                                   29
net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders                                              16,273                                       3,363                                            126                        (5,435)                                                 (3,510)                               10,817
earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted                        2.87                                        0.59                                           0.02                        (0.96)                                                   (0.62)                                 1.91

2018
in millions, except per common share data                                                               gaap reported                 purchase accounting adjustments(a)                 acquisition-related costs(a)            discontinued operations(a)                     certain significant items(a)                non-gaap adjusted revenues                                                                                               $40,825                                          $-                                             $-                        $-                                                           $-                              $40,825
cost of sales                                                                                            8,987                                           3                                           (10)                        -                                                         (105)                                8,874
selling, informational and administrative expenses                                                      12,612                                           2                                            (2)                        -                                                         (191)                               12,420
research and development expenses                                                                        7,760                                           3                                              -                        -                                                          (47)                                7,716
amortization of intangible assets                                                                        4,736                                     (4,456)                                              -                        -                                                             -                                  280
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs                                              1,058                                           -                                          (299)                        -                                                         (759)                                    -
(gain) on completion of consumer healthcare jv transaction                                                   -                                           -                                              -                        -                                                             -                                    -
other (income)/deductions--net                                                                           2,077                                       (182)                                            (7)                        -                                                       (2,520)                                (631)
income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income                         3,594                                       4,630                                            318                        -                                                         3,622                               12,164
provision/(benefit) for taxes on income(b)                                                               (266)                                         888                                             54                        -                                                         1,509                                2,185
income from continuing operations                                                                        3,861                                       3,741                                            264                        -                                                         2,113                                9,979
income from discontinued operations--net of tax                                                          7,328                                           -                                              -                        (7,328)                                                       -                                    -
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                         36                                           -                                              -                        -                                                             -                                   36
net income attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders                                              11,153                                       3,741                                            264                        (7,328)                                                   2,113                                9,944
earnings per common share attributable to pfizer inc. common shareholders--diluted                        1.87                                        0.63                                           0.04                        (1.23)                                                     0.35                                 1.66
(a)for details of adjustments, see details of income statement items included in gaap reported but excluded from non-gaap adjusted income.
(b)the effective tax rate on non-gaap adjusted income was 13.5% in 2020, 15.8% in 2019 and 18.0% in 2018. the decrease in 2020, compared with 2019, was primarily due to a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings as a result of operating fluctuations in the normal course of business. the decrease in 2019, compared with 2018, was primarily due to a favorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings as a result of operating fluctuations in the normal course of business, partially offset by a decrease in tax benefits for the resolution of certain tax positions, principally non-u.s., pertaining to prior years.

details of income statement items included in gaap reported but excluded from non-gaap adjusted income year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                                                     2020                          2019                          2018
purchase accounting adjustments amortization, depreciation and other(a)                                                                                                                                             $3,224                        $4,205                        $4,633
cost of sales                                                                                                                                                                         (18)                          (19)                           (3)
total purchase accounting adjustments-pre-tax                                                                                                                                        3,206                         4,186                         4,630
income taxes(b)                                                                                                                                                                      (668)                         (823)                         (888)
total purchase accounting adjustments-net of tax                                                                                                                                     2,537                         3,363                         3,741
acquisition-related items restructuring charges/(credits)(c)                                                                                                                                                       -                         (192)                            37
transaction costs(c)                                                                                                                                                                    10                            63                             1
integration costs and other(c)                                                                                                                                                          34                           311                           260
net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs(d)                                                                                                                         -                             -                             7
additional depreciation-asset restructuring(e)                                                                                                                                           -                             3                            12
total acquisition-related items-pre-tax                                                                                                                                                 44                           185                           318
income taxes(f)                                                                                                                                                                        (9)                          (59)                          (54)
total acquisition-related items-net of tax                                                                                                                                              35                           126                           264
discontinued operations income from discontinued operations-net of tax(g)                                                                                                                                  (2,631)                       (5,435)                       (7,328)
certain significant items restructuring charges/(credits)--cost reduction initiatives(h)                                                                                                                         556                           418                           759
implementation costs and additional depreciation-asset restructuring(i)                                                                                                                257                           192                           212
net (gains)/losses on asset disposals(d)                                                                                                                                               238                             -                             -
net (gains)/losses recognized during the period on equity securities(d)                                                                                                              (557)                         (415)                         (586)
certain legal matters, net(d)                                                                                                                                                           24                           291                            84
certain asset impairments(d)                                                                                                                                                         1,691                         2,798                         3,101
business and legal entity alignment costs(j)                                                                                                                                           270                           412                            63
(gain) on completion of consumer healthcare jv transaction(k)                                                                                                                          (6)                       (8,086)                             -
other(l)                                                                                                                                                                             1,278                         1,418                          (10)
total certain significant items-pre-tax                                                                                                                                              3,752                       (2,971)                         3,622
income taxes(m)                                                                                                                                                                      (803)                         (539)                       (1,509)
total certain significant items-net of tax                                                                                                                                           2,948                       (3,510)                         2,113
total purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related items, discontinued operations and certain significant items-net of tax, attributable to pfizer inc.                     $2,890                      $(5,455)                      $(1,209)
(a)included primarily in amortization of intangible assets.
(b)included in provision/(benefit) for taxes on income. includes the tax effect of the associated pre-tax amounts, calculated by determining the jurisdictional location of the pre-tax amounts and applying that applicable tax rate.
(c)included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs. see note 3.
(d)included in other (income)/deductions-net. see note 4.
(e)in 2019, primarily included in selling, informational and administrative expenses. in 2018, primarily included in cost of sales. represents the impact of changes in the estimated useful lives of assets involved in restructuring actions related to acquisitions.
(f)included in provision/(benefit) for taxes on income. income taxes includes the tax effect of the associated pre-tax amounts, calculated by determining the jurisdictional location of the pre-tax amounts and applying the applicable tax rate. 2019 includes the impact of the non-taxable reversal of certain accruals related to our acquisition of wyeth upon the effective favorable settlement of a u.s. irs audit for multiple tax years.
(g)included in income from discontinued operations--net of tax and relates to the november 16, 2020 spin-off and combination of our upjohn business with mylan. see note 2b.
(h)amounts relate to employee termination costs, asset impairments and other exit costs not associated with acquisitions, which are included in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs (see note 3).
(i)amounts relate to our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives not related to acquisitions (see note 3). for 2020, primarily included in cost of sales ($62 million) and selling, informational and administrative expenses ($197 million). for 2019, included in cost of sales ($89 million), selling, informational and administrative expenses ($73 million) and research and development expenses ($30 million). for 2018, included in cost of sales ($101 million), selling, informational and administrative expenses ($71 million) and research and development expenses ($39 million).
(j)in 2020, included in cost of sales ($51 million), selling, informational and administrative expenses ($206 million) and research and development expenses ($13 million) and primarily represents costs for consulting, legal, tax and advisory services associated with internal reorganization of legal entities. in 2019, primarily included in cost of sales ($15 million), selling, informational and administrative expenses ($96 million) and other (income)/deductions--net ($300 million) and in 2018, included in other (income)/deductions--net and represents costs for consulting, legal, tax and other advisory services associated with the design, planning and implementation of our then new business structure, effective in the beginning of 2019.
(k)included in (gain) on completion of consumer healthcare jv transaction (see note 2c).

(l)for 2020, primarily included in selling, informational and administrative expenses ($86 million), research and development expenses ($515 million) and other (income)/deductions--net ($672 million). for 2019, included in cost of sales ($104 million), selling, informational and administrative expenses ($94 million), research and development expenses ($632 million) and other (income)/deductions--net ($589 million). for 2018, primarily included in selling, informational and administrative expenses ($120 million) and other (income)/deductions--net ($142 million income). 2020 includes the following charges recorded in research and development expenses: (i) $151 million, representing the expense portion of our upfront payment to myovant, (ii) an upfront payment of $130 million to valneva, (iii) a $75 million milestone payment to akcea, (iv) a $72 million upfront payment to biontech and (v) a $50 million milestone payment to therachon. 2020 also includes, among other things, the following charges recorded in other (income)/deductions--net: (i) charges of $367 million, primarily representing our pro rata share of restructuring and business combination accounting charges recorded by the consumer healthcare jv, partially offset by gains from the divestiture of certain of the jv's brands recorded by the consumer healthcare jv, and our write-off and amortization of equity method basis differences primarily related to those brand divestitures and to inventory, and (ii) $198 million of settlement losses within the u.s. pcpp. 2019 included, among other things, (i) a $337 million charge in research and development expenses related to our acquisition of therachon, (ii) an upfront license fee payment of $250 million to akcea, recorded in research and development expenses, (iii) charges of $240 million, primarily in selling, informational and administrative expenses ($87 million) and other (income)/deductions--net ($152 million), for external incremental costs, such as transaction costs and costs to separate our consumer healthcare business into a separate legal entity associated with the formation of the consumer healthcare jv, (iv) net losses on early retirement of debt of $138 million in other (income)/deductions--net, (v) charges of $112 million recorded in other (income)/deductions--net representing our pro rata share of primarily restructuring and business combination accounting charges recorded by the consumer healthcare jv and (vi) a $99 million charge in cost of sales related to rivipansel, primarily for inventory manufactured for expected future sale. for 2018, included, among other things, (i) a non-cash $343 million pre-tax gain in other (income)/deductions--net associated with our transaction with bain capital to create a new biopharmaceutical company, cerevel, to continue development of a portfolio of clinical and preclinical stage neuroscience assets primarily targeting disorders of the central nervous system, (ii) an $88 million charge, in the aggregate, in selling, informational and administrative expenses for a special, one-time bonus paid to virtually all pfizer colleagues, excluding executives, which was one of several actions taken by us after evaluating the expected positive net impact of the december 2017 enactment of the tcja and (iii) a non-cash $50 million pre-tax gain in other (income)/deductions--net as a result of the contribution of our allogeneic car t therapy development program assets in connection with our contribution agreement entered into with allogene (see note 2b).
(m)included in provision/(benefit) for taxes on income. income taxes includes the tax effect of the associated pre-tax amounts, calculated by determining the jurisdictional location of the pre-tax amounts and applying the applicable tax rate. the amount in 2020 was favorably impacted by tax benefits associated with intangible asset impairment charges (see note 4). the amount in 2019 was favorably impacted by a benefit of $1.4 billion, representing tax and interest, resulting from the favorable settlement of a u.s. irs audit for multiple tax years, the benefits related to certain tax initiatives for the implementation of our then new business structure, as well as the tax benefit recorded as a result of additional guidance issued by the u.s. department of treasury related to the tcja and unfavorably impacted by the tax expense of approximately $2.7 billion associated with the gain related to the completion of the consumer healthcare jv transaction. the amount in 2018 was favorably impacted primarily by tax benefits related to the tcja, including certain 2018 tax initiatives as well as adjustments to the provisional estimate of the legislation, reported and disclosed within the applicable measurement period, in accordance with guidance issued by the sec.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows cash flows from continuing operations year ended december 31,
(millions of dollars)                                 2020                       2019                          2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   drivers of change cash provided by/(used in):
operating activities from continuing operations                $10,586                       $7,011                             $8,875           2020 v. 2019the change is driven mainly by higher net income adjusted for non-cash items, advanced payments in 2020 for bnt162b2 recorded in deferred revenue, the upfront cash payment associated with our acquisition of therachon in 2019, and the upfront cash payment associated with our licensing agreement with akcea in 2019, partially offset by an increase in benefit plan contributions.the change also reflects the impact of timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business.the change in other adjustments, net is driven primarily by an increase in equity method dividends received, partially offset by an increase in equity income and increases in net unrealized gains on equity securities. 2019 v. 2018the change is driven mostly by the upfront cash payments in 2019 associated with our acquisition of therachon and our licensing agreement with akcea, partially offset by a decrease in benefit plan contributions.the change also reflects the impact of timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business. the change in other adjustments, net is driven primarily by a non-cash gain in 2018 associated with our transaction with bain capital to create a new biopharmaceutical company, cerevel, and a non-cash gain in 2018 on the contribution of pfizer's allogeneic car t developmental program assets, partially offset by net gains on foreign exchange hedging of our intercompany inventory sales.
investing activities from continuing operations                $(4,188)                      $(3,852)                           $4,584                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2020 v. 2019the change is driven mostly by a $6.0 billion decrease in net proceeds from short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less and $2.7 billion in net purchases of short-term investments with original maturities of greater than three months in 2020 (compared to $2.3 billion net proceeds from short-term investments with original maturities of greater than three months in 2019), partially offset by the cash used to acquire array, net of cash acquired, of $10.9 billion in 2019.2019 v. 2018the change is driven primarily by cash used for the acquisition of array, net of cash acquired, of $10.9 billion in 2019, partially offset by an increase in net proceeds generated from the sale of investments of $2.9 billion for cash needs, including financing the acquisition of array.
financing activities from continuing operations                $(21,640)                     $(8,485)                        $(20,441)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2020 v. 2019the change is driven primarily by $14.0 billion net payments on short-term borrowings in 2020 (compared to $10.6 billion net proceeds raised from short-term borrowings in 2019) and an increase in cash dividends paid of $397 million, partially offset by a decrease in purchases of common stock of $8.9 billion, lower repayments on long-term debt of $2.8 billion, and an increase in issuances of long-term debt of $280 million.2019 v. 2018the change is driven mostly by $10.6 billion of net proceeds raised from short-term borrowings in 2019, primarily in connection with the acquisition of array (compared to net payments on short-term borrowings of $2.3 billion in 2018) and lower purchases of common stock of $3.3 billion, partially offset by higher repayments on long-term debt of $3.2 billion and lower proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $864 million.
cash flows from discontinued operations cash flows from discontinued operations relate to the upjohn business (see note 2b). in 2020, net cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations primarily reflects issuances of long-term debt.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k analysis of financial condition, liquidity, capital resources and market risk we rely largely on operating cash flows, short-term investments or commercial paper borrowings and long-term debt to provide for our liquidity requirements. we continue our efforts to improve cash inflows through working capital efficiencies. we target specific areas of focus including accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and other working capital, which allows us to optimize our operating cash flows.
due to our significant operating cash flows as well as our financial assets, access to capital markets and available lines of credit and revolving credit agreements, we believe that we have, and will maintain, the ability to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future, which can include, among others:
•the working capital requirements of our operations, including our r&d activities;
•investments in our business;
•dividend payments and potential increases in the dividend rate;
•share repurchases;
•the cash requirements for our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives;
•paying down outstanding debt;
•contributions to our pension and postretirement plans; and
•business development activities.
our long-term debt is rated high-quality by both s&p and moody's. see the credit ratings section below. we have taken, and will continue to take, a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to market changes. our debt investments consist primarily of high-quality, highly liquid, well-diversified available-for-sale debt securities.
debt capacity-lines of credit we have available lines of credit and revolving credit agreements with a group of banks and other financial intermediaries. we typically maintain cash and cash equivalent balances and short-term investments which, together with our available revolving credit facilities, are in excess of our commercial paper and other short-term borrowings. see note 7c.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources the following presents certain relevant measures of our liquidity and capital resources:
as of december 31,
(millions of dollars, except ratios)                                       2020                                                                                     2019
selected financial assets(a):
cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 $1,784                                          $1,121
short-term investments                                                                                    10,437                                           8,525
long-term investments, excluding private equity securities at cost                                         2,973                                           2,258
15,195                                          11,905
debt:
short-term borrowings, including current portion of long-term debt                                         2,703                                          16,195
long-term debt                                                                                            37,133                                          35,955
39,835                                          52,150
selected net financial liabilities                                                                     $(24,641)                                       $(40,245)
working capital(b)                                                                                        $9,147                                        $(4,501)
ratio of current assets to current liabilities                                                                    1.35:1                                          0.88:1
(a)see note 7 for a description of certain assets held and for a description of credit risk related to our financial instruments held.
(b)the increase in working capital was primarily driven by the use of upjohn cash distribution proceeds to pay down short-term commercial paper borrowings. see note 2b.
on november 16, 2020, we received $12.0 billion as partial consideration for the contribution of the upjohn business to viatris (see note 2b). in november 2020, we used the cash proceeds to pay down commercial paper and redeem, before the maturity date, the $1.15 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of 1.95% senior unsecured notes that were due in june 2021 and $342 million aggregate principal amount of 5.80% senior unsecured notes that were due in august 2023.
in may 2020, we completed a public offering of $4.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes.
in march 2020, we:
•completed a public offering of $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured sustainability notes. the proceeds were initially used to repay outstanding commercial paper and subsequently will be used to help manage our environmental impact and support increased patient access to our medicines and vaccines, especially among underserved populations, and strengthen healthcare systems; and
•repurchased at par all $1.065 billion principal amount outstanding of senior unsecured notes that were due in 2047 before the maturity date.
for additional information about these issuances and retirements, see note 7d.
for additional information about the sources and uses of our funds, see the analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows within md&a.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k credit ratings two major corporate debt-rating organizations, moody's and s&p, assign ratings to our short-term and long-term debt. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
the current ratings assigned to our commercial paper and senior unsecured long-term debt:
name of rating agency                           pfizer                              pfizer                              outlook/watch                          date of last rating change short-term                          long-term rating                              rating moody's                                         p-1                                 a2                                  stable                                 november 2020
s&amp;p                                         a-1+                                a+                                  stable                                 november 2020
both moody's and s&p lowered pfizer's long-term debt rating one notch to 'a2' and 'a+', respectively, upon completion of the upjohn separation in november 2020. pfizer's short-term rating remained unchanged. additionally, both rating agencies removed pfizer's long-term debt rating from "under review" and assigned a stable outlook.
libor for information on interest rate risk and libor, see the item 1a. risk factors--global operations section in this form 10-k. we do not expect the transition to an alternative rate to have a material impact on our liquidity or financial resources.
global economic conditions our venezuela and argentina operations function in hyperinflationary economies. the impact to pfizer is not considered material. for additional information on the global economic environment, see the item 1a. risk factors--global operations section in this form 10-k.
market risk the objective of our financial risk management program is to minimize the impact of foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements on our earnings. we address these exposures through a combination of operational means and financial instruments. we adapt our practices periodically as economic conditions change. for more information, see notes 1f and 7e, as well as the item 1a. risk factors-global operations section in this form 10-k for key currencies in which we operate.
foreign exchange risk-we are subject to foreign exchange risk in our commercial operations, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies and our net investments in foreign subsidiaries.
on the commercial side, a significant portion of our revenues and earnings is exposed to changes in exchange rates. where foreign exchange risk is not offset by other exposures, we may use foreign currency forward-exchange contracts and/or foreign currency swaps to manage that risk.
with respect to our financial assets and liabilities, our primary foreign exchange exposure arises from intercompany receivables and payables, and, to a lesser extent, from investments and debt denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the business entity.
in addition, under certain market conditions, we may seek to protect against possible declines in the reported net investments of our foreign business entities. in these cases, we may use foreign exchange contracts and/or foreign currency debt.
the fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. in this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming that a change in one currency's rate relative to the u.s. dollar would not have any effect on another currency's rates relative to the u.s. dollar, if the dollar were to appreciate against all other currencies by 10%, as of december 31, 2020, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
interest rate risk-our interest-bearing investments and borrowings are subject to interest rate risk which may have an impact on net income. depending on market conditions, we may change the profile of our outstanding debt or investments by entering into derivative financial instruments like interest rate swaps, either to hedge or offset the exposure to changes in the fair value of hedged items with fixed interest rates, or to convert variable rate debt (or investments) to fixed rates.
the fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to interest rate changes. in this analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming a parallel shift in the interest rate curve for all maturities and for all instruments, if there were a one hundred basis point decrease in interest rates as of december 31, 2020, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
equity price risk--we hold equity securities with readily determinable fair values in life science companies as a result of certain business development transactions. while we are holding such securities, we are subject to equity price risk, and this may increase the volatility of our income in future periods due to changes in the fair value of equity investments. from time to time, we will sell such equity securities based on our business considerations, which may include limiting our price risk.
our equity securities with readily determinable fair values are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to equity price rate changes. in this sensitivity analysis, the expected adverse impact on our net income would not be significant.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k contractual obligations payments due under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020, mature as follows:
years
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                     total                    2021                  2022-2023                  2024-2025                there-after long-term debt, including current portion(a)                                                                        $39,135                   $2,002                  $4,346                     $3,068                    $29,719         consists of senior unsecured notes (including fixed and floating rate, foreign currency denominated, and other notes). commitments under financing leases are not significant.
interest payments on long-term debt obligations(a)                                                                   21,122                    1,390                   2,746                      2,455                     14,530         incorporates only current period assumptions for interest rates, foreign currency translation rates and hedging strategies, and assumes that interest is accrued through the maturity date or expiration of the related instrument.
other long-term liabilities(b)                                                                                        2,070                      383                     451                        381                        855         includes expected payments relating to our unfunded u.s. supplemental (non-qualified) pension plans, postretirement plans and deferred compensation plans. excludes amounts relating to our u.s. qualified pension plans and international pension plans, all of which have a substantial amount of plan assets, because the required funding obligations are not expected to be material and/or because such liabilities do not necessarily reflect future cash payments, as the impact of changes in economic conditions on the fair value of the pension plan assets and/or liabilities can be significant. also, excludes $4.2 billion of liabilities related to the fair value of derivative financial instruments, legal matters and employee terminations, among other liabilities, most of which do not represent contractual obligations.
operating leases(c)                                                                                                   3,312                      357                     638                        460                      1,856         includes future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, including an agreement to lease space in an office building in new york city.
purchase obligations and other(d)                                                                                     3,793                      847                   1,470                        933                        543         includes agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding and includes amounts relating to advertising, information technology services, employee benefit administration services, and potential milestone payments deemed reasonably likely to occur.
other taxes payable-deemed repatriated accumulated post-1986 earnings of foreign subsidiaries(e)                      9,000                      700                   1,700                      3,700                      2,900         represents estimated cash payments related to the tcja repatriation tax liability.
uncertain tax positions(e)                                                                               42                                       42                       -                          -                          -         includes only income tax amounts currently payable. we are unable to predict the timing of tax settlements related to our noncurrent obligations for uncertain tax positions as tax audits can involve complex issues and the resolution of those issues may span multiple years, particularly if subject to negotiation or litigation.
(a)see note 7.
(b)see notes 3, 7a,11e and16.
(c)see note 15.
(d)also includes obligations to make guaranteed fixed annual payments over the next six years in connection with the u.s. and eu approvals for besponsa ($401 million) and an obligation to make guaranteed fixed annual payments over the next seven years for bosulif ($195 million), both associated with r&d arrangements.
(e)see note 5.
the above table includes amounts for potential milestone payments under collaboration, licensing or other arrangements, if the payments are deemed reasonably likely to occur. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and/or commercialization milestones, which may span several years and which may never occur.
in 2021, we expect to spend approximately $3.0 billion on property, plant and equipment. we rely largely on operating cash flows to fund our capital investment needs.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business and in connection with the sale of assets and businesses and other transactions, we often indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that may arise in connection with the transaction or that are related to events and activities. for more information on guarantees and indemnifications, see note 16b.
additionally, certain of our co-promotion or license agreements give our licensors or partners the rights to negotiate for, or in some cases to obtain under certain financial conditions, co-promotion or other rights in specified countries with respect to certain of our products.
share-purchase plans and accelerated share repurchase agreements see note 12 for information on the shares of our common stock purchased and the cost of purchases under our publicly announced share-purchase plans, including our accelerated share repurchase agreements. at december 31, 2020, our remaining share-purchase authorization was approximately $5.3 billion.
pfizer inc.       2020 form 10-k dividends on common stock in december 2020, our bod declared a first-quarter dividend of $0.39 per share, payable on march 5, 2021, to shareholders of record at the close of business on january 29, 2021. the first-quarter 2021 cash dividend will be our 329th consecutive quarterly dividend.
our current and projected dividends provide a return to shareholders while maintaining sufficient capital to invest in growing our business. our dividends are not restricted by debt covenants. while the dividend level remains a decision of pfizer's bod and will continue to be evaluated in the context of future business performance, we currently believe that we can support future annual dividend increases, barring significant unforeseen events. viatris is expected to begin paying a quarterly dividend in the second quarter of 2021, at which time pfizer's quarterly dividend is expected to be reduced such that the combined dividend dollar amount received by pfizer shareholders, based upon the combination of continued pfizer ownership and approximately 0.124079 shares of viatris common stock which were granted for each pfizer share in the spin-off, will equate to pfizer's dividend amount in effect immediately prior to the initiation of the viatris dividend.
new accounting standards recently adopted accounting standards see note 1b.
recently issued accounting standards, not adopted as of december 31, 2020
standard/description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effective date                                                                                                                         effect on the financial statements accounting for income taxes eliminates certain exceptions to the guidance, related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. the new guidance also simplifies aspects of the accounting for franchise taxes and enacted changes in tax laws or rates and clarifies the accounting for transactions that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   january 1, 2021.                                                                                                                       we do not expect this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
reference rate reform provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the guidance for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference libor or another reference rate expected to be discontinued after 2021 because of reference rate reform.the new guidance provides the following optional expedients: 1.simplify accounting analyses under current u.s. gaap for contract modifications.2.simplify the assessment of hedge effectiveness and allow hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform to continue.3.allow a one-time election to sell or transfer debt securities classified as held to maturity that reference a rate affected by reference rate reform.                              elections can be adopted prospectively at any time in the first quarter of 2020 through december 31, 2022.                             we are assessing the impact of the provisions of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
