item 1a - risk factors we are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a financial services company, certain elements of risk are inherent in what we do and the business decisions we make. thus, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks.
our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. we discuss our principal risk management oversight and processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance and other metrics in the risk management section included in item 7 of this report.
the following are the material risk factors that affect us of which we are currently aware. any one or more of these risk factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, these risks present other possible adverse consequences, including those described below. these risk factors and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this report. thus, the risk factors below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that we may face.
summary the following is a summary of the risk factors disclosure in this item 1a:
•the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance.
•our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions.
•the policies of the federal reserve and other governmental agencies and the impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy, interest rates, overall financial market performance and banking organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance and our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
•the likely discontinuance of the submission of rates for the calculation of libor presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by pnc that use libor as a reference rate.
•societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.
•we are subject to risks related to the use of technology which is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses and is dependent on having the right to use the underlying intellectual property. we could the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k also suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of our information systems and other technology, including as a result of third party breaches of data security either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information.
•our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by market interest rates and movements in those rates and changes in the values of financial assets.
•we are subject to risks related to inaccurate estimates and assumptions, such as those used in our asset and liability valuations and the determination of the amount of loss allowances and impairments, and to risks related to poorly designed and implemented models that are extensively used in our business.
•we operate in a highly competitive environment and our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers and talented employees and we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.
•we are subject to operational risks as a result of our dependence on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees and on third party vendors, service providers and other counterparties over whom we do not have direct control.
•we are subject to risks related to growing our business in part by acquiring other financial services business from time to time as these acquisitions, including the pending acquisition of bbva, present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance.
starting in early 2020 and continuing into 2021, federal, state and local governments have responded to the covid-19 pandemic by enacting a variety of measures to manage the related public health effects, including restricting travel, limiting the conduct of businesses and controlling individual interactions such as through required social distancing measures. collectively, these measures, together with voluntary changes in behavior, led to a substantial decrease in economic activity and a dramatic increase in unemployment in the second quarter of 2020. governmental bodies also enacted laws designed to stabilize the economy and provide relief to businesses and individuals to mitigate the consequences of covid-19 and the policies restricting the operation of businesses and the movement of individuals.
while economic conditions have improved, economic activity remains below its pre-pandemic level, with the partial recovery inconsistent across different geographic regions, sectors, companies and individuals and subject to setbacks as conditions related to the pandemic fluctuate. if efforts to contain covid-19 are unsuccessful and restrictions on businesses and activities continue in place for extended periods or are increased, the recovery would likely be much weaker and the economy could fall back into recession. while several vaccines have been approved for use and others remain in development or clinical trials, significant uncertainty remains regarding the speed with which effective vaccines can be manufactured and widely distributed and the willingness of individuals to get vaccinated. as a result, there is still a great deal of uncertainty about the length and severity of the pandemic and the strength or reversal of the economic rebound, including whether there will be additional fiscal stimulus from the federal government and, if so, its size, scope and effectiveness. accordingly, the outbreak and its consequences, including responsive measures to manage it, had and are likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance. the longer the public health crisis lasts and the greater its severity, the greater the likely adverse impact on the economy, our customers and our business and financial performance. the following are examples of the most likely impacts on pnc:
•the deterioration of national and global economic conditions and elevated levels of unemployment have negatively affected and are likely to continue to negatively affect, possibly materially, our financial performance and operations. the following are the key factors contributing to this risk:
◦there is a greater likelihood that more of our commercial and consumer customers or counterparties will become delinquent on their loans or other obligations to us, which, in turn, will result in a higher level of non-performing loans and net charge-offs, particularly in the sectors most adversely impacted by the pandemic. even if a loan returns to full performing status, it may be on modified terms that result in, for example, a term extension, interest rate reduction or principal deferral or forgiveness. increases in loan delinquencies or modifications will also result in increased administrative costs. in addition, given the uncertainty about the length and severity of the pandemic and the strength or reversal of the economic rebound, our provision for credit losses may be more volatile period-to-period with a corresponding increase in period-to-period volatility in our net income.
◦there has been and there is likely to continue to be a decrease in the demand for certain of our products and services which could be further exacerbated if customers lose confidence due to concerns regarding the economy. we have also waived certain fees associated with our products and services for customers affected by the pandemic and may continue to do so. in addition, while customer deposits have grown aiding our liquidity, future changes in behavior resulting in declining deposit balances would likely increase our funding costs and reduce our net interest income and liquidity resources.
◦these rapidly changing and unprecedented market conditions have impacted and may continue to impact the valuation of assets as reported within our consolidated financial statements, as well as causing substantial reductions the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k in the value of our assets under management, all with the possible effects described in the risk factor headed "our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets."
◦although pnc's capital levels continue to be strong, the degradation in economic conditions also has and is likely to continue to negatively affect our capital position, possibly materially, which is critical to our ability to operate and grow our business. in addition, continued or accelerated disruption and volatility in the financial markets or long-lasting or deeper recessionary conditions may diminish our access to the capital markets or result in or contribute to downgrades of our credit ratings. we have suspended our discretionary common share repurchase program and may take further actions that would limit a return of capital to shareholders, including potentially a reduction or suspension of the dividend payable to common shareholders, as a result of these conditions and their effect on our financial performance and position or as a result of regulatory guidance.
•some of the legislation responsive to the outbreak, including the cares act and the consolidated appropriations act, provides for certain commercial and consumer protections which have altered and may continue to alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage, such as by allowing borrowers to delay payments on loans or other obligations and imposing other costs on us. these laws have also delayed and restricted and may continue to delay or restrict our ability to realize the value of collateral by, for example, providing temporary foreclosure protection and eviction protection even when customers are in breach of their obligations to us. these laws may be extended or increased in scope, and other laws may be enacted in response to the pandemic that have similar or broader effects on us. we may also be limited in our ability to realize the value of collateral as a result of court closures and related delays. moreover, collateral may be liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of exposure to us as a result of deteriorating economic conditions and volatile markets. see supervision and regulation in item 1 of this report for more information on pnc's implementation of these programs.
•other laws related to employee benefits and the treatment of employees have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact us by increasing administrative, compensation and benefits costs by, for example, mandating coverage of certain covid-19 related testing and treatment or mandating additional paid or unpaid leave. further governmental action that is taken to mitigate the economic effects of the pandemic, as well as additional compensation or benefit actions taken by pnc, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, possibly materially, in other ways that are not known now.
•in response to the outbreak and its economic consequences, the federal reserve lowered its target for the federal funds rate to a range of 0% to 0.25% and has signaled that it expects to keep interest rates at a low level for through at least 2023. as a result of the high percentage of our assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, this change in interest rates has had and likely will continue to have a negative impact on our net interest income and net interest margin, which could be material and which could materially adversely affect our profitability. the effects of a low interest rate environment are further described in the risk factor headed "our business and financial performance are impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates."
•to protect our employees, customers and the communities in which we operate, we modified the operations of many of our retail branches, including temporarily closing some branches, limiting operations to drive-through only in other locations, and otherwise implemented work-from-home policies for a significant portion of our workforce. while our retail operations have largely re-opened, we cannot guarantee that our branches will continue to remain open if the outbreak worsens or there is an increase in governmental restrictions. our non-branch based workforce continues to work primarily remotely. we believe we are capable of substantially meeting the needs of our customers despite these modifications. however, these efforts may result in the loss of customers, impede our ability to perform certain transactions, and impair our ability to effectively identify, manage and control risk. for example, customers may be unwilling or unable to conduct transactions with us via online channels or through a local branch that is operating only in a drive-through mode. another example is the infrastructure needed to provide products and services via online channels or to work effectively in a work-from-home environment, such as internet, telecommunications and internal information technology systems, may fail to perform as anticipated, resulting in our inability to deliver products or services or effectively manage the risks arising from our businesses. in addition, we rely on our employees, third party vendors and service providers and other counterparties, both domestically and abroad, to support many aspects of our business. reduced workforces which may be caused by, but not limited to, illness, quarantine, stay at home or other government mandates, or difficulties transitioning back to an in office environment, could result in an adverse impact to our operations and financial performance. redeployment of employees from current positions and of technology from current uses to support products and services responsive to the outbreak may further adversely impact our operations. further, third party vendors, service providers and other counterparties, both domestically and abroad, face access, connectivity or other challenges operating within a work-from-home virtual environment.
•in support of our employees, customers and communities, we may take steps beyond or in addition to those required by governmental or regulatory minimums which may further adversely impact our profitability. for example, we have provided and may continue to provide additional relief or forbearance to customers, health and wellness benefits to employees (including significant company approved leave) or financial support for community initiatives to assist those in need as a result of the outbreak. the actual or perceived failure to provide sufficient services, support or relief to those businesses or individuals in need or properly implement legislation responsive to the outbreak or our voluntary commitments could negatively impact our reputation with adverse consequences to our business. in addition, such actual or perceived failure, or the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k operational and other issues that arise in connection with the implementation of government-mandated or other financial assistance or relief programs present elevated levels of legal and reputational risk, including governmental and regulatory inquiries, investigations and enforcement actions, as well as private lawsuits. participation by pnc in governmental programs designed to provide liquidity to the financial system or impacted businesses, such as borrowing through the federal reserve discount window or borrowing from, or selling financial assets to, facilities established by the federal reserve or participation in programs under the cares act and the consolidated appropriations act, such as the ppp, also have exposed and may continue to expose us to governmental investigation and action or public scrutiny and criticism, either at the time we participate in the program or subsequently.
refer to our other risk factors in this item 1a for information regarding other factors that have and are likely to continue to affect our business and financial performance as a result of the pandemic.
risks related to the economy and other external factors, including regulation our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions.
as a financial services company, our business and overall financial performance are affected to a significant extent by economic conditions, primarily in the u.s.
declining or adverse economic conditions and adverse changes in investor, consumer, and business sentiment generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services or reduce the number of creditworthy borrowers. the ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns and higher unemployment. such economic conditions also may lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets, often with at least some financial asset categories losing value. any of these effects would likely have an adverse impact on financial institutions such as pnc, with the significance of the impact generally depending on the nature and severity of the adverse economic conditions.
even when economic conditions are relatively good or stable, specific economic factors can negatively affect our business and performance. this can be especially true when the factors relate to particular segments of the economy. for example, shifting consumer behavior with respect to retail purchases being made over the internet rather than in physical stores has negatively impacted performance by some retailers. this likely decreases demand for financial services in that sector, possibly harming the creditworthiness of some shopping mall operators, retail companies and others with whom we do business. as another example, dislocations in international trade, such as increased tariffs and interruptions in international supply chains likely adversely affect companies that are relatively dependent on imports or exports, impacting prices and demand for goods or services. affected companies may experience lower levels of business and possible declining creditworthiness as compared to companies less dependent on international trade.
given the geographic scope of our business and operations, we are most exposed to issues within the u.s. economy and financial markets. within the u.s., we are currently most exposed to issues primarily within markets located in the mid-atlantic, midwest and southeast. following the proposed acquisition of bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, this footprint will expand particularly to include a larger presence in the southwest and west coast, thereby increasing our exposure to regional economic issues in those areas.
our foreign business activities continue to be a relatively small part of our overall business. as a result, the direct impact on our business and performance from economic conditions outside the u.s. is not likely to be significant, although the impact would increase if we expand our foreign business more than nominally. we are, however, susceptible to the risk that such economic conditions could negatively affect our business and financial performance. primarily, this risk results from the possibility that poor economic conditions or financial market disruptions affecting other major economies would also affect the u.s.
throughout the remainder of this risk factors section, we address specific ways in which economic issues could create risk for us and result in adverse impacts on our business and financial performance. in particular, the covid-19 pandemic has led to economic issues of the types described here and presents the risk of further such impacts. see the immediately preceding risk factor for a discussion of risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
the impact of government legislation, regulation and policy and other political factors on the economy could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
changes in law or governmental policy affecting the economy, business activity, or personal spending, investing or saving activities may cause consumers and businesses to alter behavior in ways that impact demand for our products and services. such changes may also alter the profitability of the transactions in which we engage or result in increased regulatory burden and associated costs. pnc may alter the types or terms of the products and services we offer to reflect such changes. uncertainty regarding future law or policy may have similar impacts. the recent election of a new u.s. president, together with some changes in the membership of congress, the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k including change in control of the senate, will likely lead to changes in law or policy, including the level of regulation of financial institutions and the enforcement environment. moreover, a change in regulatory practices that increases the time frames to obtain regulatory approvals for acquisitions and other activities or makes them more difficult to obtain could affect our ability to make acquisitions or introduce new products and services.
concern regarding the ability of congress and the president, which increases to the extent government is divided, collectively to reach agreement on federal budgetary matters (including the debt ceiling), or prolonged stalemates leading to total or partial governmental shutdowns, also can have adverse economic consequences and create the risk of economic instability or market volatility, with potential adverse consequences to our business and financial performance.
the policies of the federal reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance.
the monetary policies of the federal reserve have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. these policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of financial companies such as pnc. an important function of the federal reserve is to monitor the national supply of bank credit and set certain interest rates. the actions of the federal reserve influence the rates of interest that we charge on loans and that we pay on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. rates of interest can also affect the value of our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. we cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results.
in addition, monetary policy actions by governmental authorities in the european union or other countries could have an impact on global interest rates, which could affect rates in the u.s. as well as rates on instruments denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, any of which could have one or more of the potential effects on us described above.
some of the potential impacts on our business and results of governmental monetary policy are described in risk factors under the heading "risks related to the business of banking." the federal reserve has lowered its benchmark rates to historically low levels as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. see the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
as a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities. these regulations and the manner in which they are implemented can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand.
the pnc financial services group, inc. is a bhc and a financial holding company, with the federal reserve as its primary regulator. pnc bank is a federally chartered bank, with the occ as its primary regulator. in addition, our businesses are subject to regulation by multiple other banking, consumer protection, securities and derivatives regulatory bodies. we are also subject to the jurisdiction of criminal and civil enforcement authorities.
as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations involving both our business and organization, with multiple regulators or agencies having supervisory or enforcement oversight over aspects of our business. these laws, regulations and supervisory activities are intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer and investor protection and prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. in addition to regulation in the u.s., we are also subject to foreign regulation to a limited extent as a result of our business activities outside the u.s.
applicable laws and regulations restrict our permissible activities and investments and require compliance with provisions designed to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary, and other customers, and for the protection of customer information, among other things. we also are subject to laws and regulations designed to combat money laundering, terrorist financing, and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by u.s. authorities.
over time, the scope of the laws and regulations affecting our businesses, as well as the number of requirements or limitations imposed by legislative or regulatory actions, has increased, and we expect to continue to face substantial regulatory oversight and new or revised regulatory requirements or initiatives. legislative or regulatory actions can result in increased compliance costs, reduced business opportunities, or new requirements and limitations on how we conduct our business.
the federal reserve requires a bhc to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. the federal reserve could require pnc to commit resources to pnc bank when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of pnc or its shareholders or creditors.
the results of routine and non-routine supervisory or examination activities by our regulators, including actual or perceived compliance failures, could result in limitations on our ability to enter into certain transactions, engage in new activities, expand geographically, make acquisitions, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith. these activities also could result the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k in significant fines, penalties, or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive and difficult to implement. as we expand our product and service offerings into additional states or countries, either through organic growth or acquisition, we will face increases in state or foreign regulation affecting our operations. different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance.
a failure to comply, or to have adequate policies and procedures designed to comply, with regulatory requirements and expectations exposes us to the risk of damages, fines and regulatory penalties and other regulatory or enforcement actions or consequences, such as limitations on activities otherwise permissible for us or additional requirements for engaging in new activities, and could also injure our reputation with customers and others with whom we do business.
see the immediately following risk factor for a discussion of risks associated with capital and liquidity regulation. also see supervision and regulation in item 1 of this report for more information concerning the regulation of pnc, including those areas that have been receiving a high level of regulatory focus. note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report also discusses some of the regulation applicable to us.
we are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
pnc and pnc bank are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the federal reserve and the occ, respectively. these regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are typically developed at an international level by the basel committee and then applied, with adjustments, in each country by the appropriate domestic regulatory bodies. domestic regulatory agencies have the ability to apply stricter capital and liquidity standards than those developed by basel committee. in several instances, the u.s. banking agencies have done so with respect to u.s. banking organizations.
requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity, and regulatory expectations as to the quality of our capital and liquidity, impact our business activities and may prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force us to take actions contrary to their interests. for example, pnc's ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders is subject to pnc's compliance with its scb, which is determined at least annually through the federal reserve's ccar process. the federal reserve also has imposed additional limitations on capital distributions through the first quarter of 2021 by ccar participating bhcs (including pnc) and may extend these limitations, potentially in modified form. in addition, capital and liquidity requirements may impact the amount and type of loans we make. we may be constrained in our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. we may be forced to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets' underlying risks. in addition, liquidity standards require us to maintain holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term or less liquid assets, even if more desirable from an earnings, balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective.
the basel committee continues to engage in capital- and liquidity-related initiatives. for example, the basel committee in 2017 finalized additional, significant changes to the international capital framework for banking organizations. see the supervision and regulation section included in item 1 of this report. as it is unclear, at this time, whether or how these initiatives will be implemented in the u.s., we are unable to estimate what potential impact such initiatives may have on us.
in 2020, the regulatory agencies issued a rule permitting banks to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from implementing the cecl accounting standard. pnc elected to adopt this optional transition provision effective march 31, 2020. as a result, our regulatory capital does not currently reflect the full impact of cecl.
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are subject to regular review and revision by the basel committee and the u.s. banking agencies. future changes to the capital and liquidity rules may require pnc or pnc bank to maintain more or higher quality capital or greater liquidity, which would likely increase some of the potential adverse effects described above.
the regulatory capital and liquidity frameworks as well as certain other prudential requirements and standards that are applicable to pnc are discussed in the supervision and regulation section included in item 1 of this report and the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of item 7 of this report.
the likely discontinuance of the submission of rates for the calculation of libor presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by pnc that use libor as a reference rate.
as a large financial institution, a significant portion of our transactions involve variable or adjusting interest rates that are calculated by adding a contractually defined credit spread to a base or reference rate. for many years, libor has been used as a reference rate for a substantial majority of our transactions involving variable or adjustable interest, including those in which we lend money, issue securities, or purchase and sell securities issued by others, as well as many derivative transactions that we enter into to manage our or our customers' risk. we also service financial instruments entered into by others that use libor as the reference rate.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k libor is derived from the rates at which libor panel banks borrow from other global banks. libor is accordingly viewed as a "credit-sensitive" rate as the rates submitted by panel banks on which libor is based reflect the credit risk associated with the submitting banks.
we currently anticipate that non-usd libor will cease to be available after year end 2021 and that the most widely used usd libor tenor settings will cease after june 30, 2023. the federal reserve and other official sector representatives have also communicated guidance that supervised institutions should stop entering into new usd libor contracts no later than year end 2021. accordingly, we are preparing for the likelihood of libor cessation.
at present, sofr is expected to be the alternative reference rate that will replace libor for most types of transactions.
sofr is viewed as a "riskless rate" as it is derived from rates on overnight u.s. treasury repurchase transactions, which are essentially overnight loans secured by u.s. treasury securities, which are largely viewed as not presenting credit risk. because sofr is an overnight rate derived from observations of actual transactions, the rate can be volatile, especially if there are disruptions in the underlying repurchase market, but any daily volatility historically does not create volatility when rates are cumulatively measured over customary libor terms (e.g., one month or three months).
changing to sofr or another riskless rate could result in a value transfer between contracting parties to instruments originally based on libor. historically, in periods of economic or financial industry stress, riskless rates that are analogous to sofr have been relatively stable. in contrast, libor, which is designed to reflect the credit risk of banks, has widened relative to riskless rates, reflecting increased uncertainty regarding the credit-worthiness of banks. accordingly, assuming that sofr will behave like its historical analogs, an instrument that transitions from libor to sofr may not yield identical economic outcomes for each contracting party to an instrument had the instrument continued to reference libor. similarly, sofr, because it is riskless, tends to be a lower rate than libor. to address these differences between libor and sofr, certain industry recommended libor fallback provisions include a concept of an adjustment spread that is applied when a libor-based contract falls back to sofr and that is calculated based on a five-year median look-back of the historical spot difference between the applicable libor tenor and the applicable sofr tenor. however, because any such adjustment spread will be based on a historical median, it is likely that the adjustment spread may not reflect the spot difference between libor and sofr at certain points in time and there may be a value transfer between the contracting parties over the life of the instrument because the all-in rate applied to a contract, even taking into account the spread adjustment, might have behaved differently over the life of the instrument in the absence of libor cessation.
any value transfer could be financially adverse or beneficial to us or to our other contracting parties to that instrument (such as a borrower, derivative counterparty, or bond holder). impacts from a change in reference rate would likely include changes to the yield on, and value of, loans or securities held by us, amounts paid on securities we have issued, amounts received and paid on derivative instruments we have entered into and the trading market for libor-based securities. any theoretical benefit to us could result in counterparty dissatisfaction, which, in turn could lead to litigation, potentially as class actions, or other adverse consequences, including dissatisfied customers or impaired relationships with financial institution counterparties resulting in loss of business. as a result, over the life of a transaction that transitions from libor to a new reference rate, our monetary obligations to our counterparty (or their obligations to us) and the yield we receive (or pay) from the transaction with that counterparty may change from that which would have resulted from a continuation of libor.
another set of risks associated with libor cessation relates to how the transition from libor to another rate will be effected. for some instruments, the method of transitioning to a new reference rate may be challenging, especially where the contract does not provide for a transition upon libor cessation or the relevant contractual language relating to a potential transition is ambiguous or inadequate under the circumstances.
for example, the vast majority of libor-based interest rate derivative contracts executed prior to january 25, 2021, do not include adequate fallbacks for libor cessation. in response, the industry trade group for derivatives (isda), published a protocol pursuant to which industry participants can agree with any other industry participant that adheres to the protocol to include isda's new libor fallback provisions into legacy derivatives contracts. although we have adhered to the isda protocol, it is possible that many "end users" of swaps, i.e., our borrowers who have hedged their interest rate payment obligations, may not adhere. in addition, there are differences between the new isda fallback provisions and the fallback provisions that have been proposed for loans, which differences could result in a mismatch between the reference rate or other economics in our borrowers' legacy derivatives contracts and their loans for which such derivatives contracts are intended as a hedge. for these end-user counterparties, one-on-one negotiation with each counterparty will be necessary in order to amend legacy swaps to adequately address libor cessation. if we are unable to agree to appropriate libor cessation provisions with these swaps counterparties, there will be uncertainty as to how to value and effect our rights and obligations under our legacy swap contracts. although legislative solutions to address libor cessation in derivative contracts have been proposed, there is no assurance such solutions will be implemented, and we may seek to negotiate with impacted counterparties or, if not possible, effect reference rate transition through other means. addressing transition under these circumstances may be challenging or ineffective, could result in litigation, and in some cases may involve concession on our part that has the effect of reducing the value of the instrument to us.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k we have other contracts that do contemplate libor cessation but do so in a manner that may create other risks. for example, some contracts provide for selecting replacement rates in a manner that presents significant challenges (such as by assuming that there would be a rate calculated substantially in the same manner as libor is) or that gives us or another party absolute discretion to select a rate. some provide for determination of a reference rate without providing for adjustment of the credit spread. in these types of cases, there will likely be uncertainty surrounding transition, with all of the risks described in this risk factor.
transitioning from libor to alternative rates also may result in operational errors during the transition such that the replacement rate is not applied in a timely manner or is incorrectly applied. this is particularly true given the volume of contracts that will require transition and the diversity of potential approaches to transition and given the possibility that the period during which the transition will need to take place may have a short duration.
similarly, our failure to successfully implement transition from libor to alternative rates could result in regulatory scrutiny and actions by our regulators including fines and other supervisory sanctions.
it is also possible that libor quotes will become unavailable prior to the currently anticipated cessation dates. in that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and magnified. these risks may also be increased due to the shorter time for preparing for the transition.
in order to address libor cessation and the associated risks, we have established an enterprise libor transition program, described in the market risk management portion of the risk management section in item 7 of this report. any failure of this program to appropriately assess and mitigate risk and deliver in a timely manner on operationalizing our ability to transition from libor could magnify the risks previously outlined.
new customer privacy initiatives will impose additional operational burdens on pnc, may limit our ability to pursue desirable business initiatives and increase the risks associated with any future use of customer data.
recently there has been an increase in legislative and regulatory efforts to protect the privacy of consumer data. significant examples include the general data protection regulation of the european union and the california consumer privacy act. these initiatives, among other things, limit how companies can use customer data and impose obligations on companies in their management of such data. financial services companies such as pnc necessarily gather, maintain and use a significant amount of customer data. these types of initiatives increase compliance complexity and related costs, result in significant financial penalties for compliance failures, and limit our ability to develop new products or respond to technological changes. such legal requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of perceived misuses of customer data by us, our vendors, or others who gain unauthorized access to our customer data. other jurisdictions may adopt similar requirements that impose different and potentially inconsistent compliance burdens. the impacts will be greater to the extent requirements vary across jurisdictions.
societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.
concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. consumers and businesses also are changing their behavior as a result of these concerns. pnc and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. we and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, and the like as a result of governmental actions or societal responses to climate change. the impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including their reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities as well as their exposure to the effects of climate change. among the impacts to pnc could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. in addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans, pressure from individuals or groups to cease doing business with certain companies or sectors, or additional regulatory restrictions or costs associated with providing products or services to certain companies or sectors. the risk factor headed "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation" has further discussion of risks associated with activist pressure. our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior, including those resulting from activist pressure.
risks related to the use of technology the use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses.
as a large financial services company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions. as a result, we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record and monitor our transactions and those of our customers. over time, we have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs as well as higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. in many cases, the effective use of technology increases the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. as a result of these factors, the financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. examples include expanded use of cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, virtual and augmented reality, biometric authentication, voice and natural language, and data protection enhancements, as well as increased online and mobile device interaction with customers. we expect these trends to continue for the foreseeable future. change is coming both from traditional banking companies and non-bank financial technology companies offering financial products and services, particularly payment services and lending. our ability to succeed is dependent on the technologies we employ and offer our customers and the extent to which we at least keep pace with, if not exceed, our competitors' progress and our customers' needs and expectations.
in response to actual and anticipated customer behavior and expectations, as well as competitive pressures, we have been investing in technology and connectivity. we are seeking to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. this effort has involved the expenditure of considerable amounts of funds and other resources. a failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner or because we fail to keep pace with our competitors, would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. our ability to maintain or enhance our relative technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields, which, due to overall demand, is increasingly difficult.
our use of technology is dependent on having the right to use the underlying intellectual property.
in some cases, we develop internally the intellectual property embedded in the technology we use. in others, we or our vendors license it from others. regardless of the source of the intellectual property, if another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed by our activities, we could be responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these types of activities. it also is possible that we could be prevented from using technology important to our business for at least a period of time. in such a circumstance, there may be no alternative technology for us to use or an appropriate alternative technology might be expensive to obtain. protections offered by those from whom we license technology against these risks may be inadequate to cover fully any losses. over time, there have been instances where technology used by pnc and other financial institutions has been alleged to have infringed patents held by others, and in some cases we, as well as other financial institutions, have suffered related losses.
we could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of our information systems and other technology.
the need to ensure proper functioning and resiliency of our information systems and other technology has become more important and more challenging, and the costs involved in that effort continue to be high. the risks of operational failures in the use of these systems result from a variety of factors. we are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended. failures leading to materially adverse impacts could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall design or performance issues. in addition, our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to bad weather, disasters, bad actors, terrorism and the like. such events could affect our systems directly or limit our ability to use our technology due to effects on key underlying infrastructure. in some cases, the risk results from the potential for bad acts on the part of others, discussed in more detail in the risk factor headed "we are vulnerable to the risk of third party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information."
we also rely on information systems maintained by other companies. we use other companies both to provide products and services directly to us and to assist in providing products and services to our customers. others provide the infrastructure that supports, for example, communications, payment, clearing and settlement systems, or information processing and storage. these companies range from those providing highly sophisticated information processing to those that provide fundamental services, such as electric power and telecommunications. in some cases, these other companies themselves utilize third parties to support their delivery of products and services to us and our customers. systems maintained by or for these other companies are generally subject to many of the same risks we face with respect to our systems and thus their issues could have a negative impact on pnc. we necessarily have less ability to provide oversight over other companies' information systems.
a number of our customers choose to use financial applications (apps) that allow them to view banking and other financial account information, often held at different financial institutions, on a single platform, to monitor the performance of their investments, to compare financial and investment products, to make payments or transfer funds, and otherwise to help manage their finances and investments. financial apps often ask users to provide their secure banking log-in information and credentials (username and password) so the apps can link to users' accounts at financial institutions. companies offering these apps frequently use third-party data aggregators - behind-the-scenes technology companies that serve as a data-gathering service provider - to deliver customer financial data that is used by the financial apps. to do this, data aggregators are provided with customers' log-in information and credentials, which allows the aggregators to access the customers' online account and "scrape" the customers' data, often on a daily or even more frequent basis. that same information has the potential to facilitate fraud if it is not properly protected. in fact, the director of the fincen has stated that fincen has seen high incidences of fraud, including ach fraud, credit card fraud, and wire fraud, the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k enabled through the use of synthetic identities and through account takeovers via these platforms. in some cases, cybercriminals appear to be using such data aggregators and integrators to facilitate account takeovers and fraudulent wires. pnc has and may continue to face increased financial exposure due to fraudulent activity associated with the increased use of these apps and data aggregators. even where pnc does not have responsibility for fraud losses associated with these apps and data aggregators, pnc could suffer increased reputational harm when such losses occur.
although we regularly update and replace systems that we depend on as our needs evolve and technology improves, we continue to utilize some older systems that may not be as reliable as newer ones. in addition, the implementation of and transition to new or updated systems creates risks related to associated timing and costs, disruptions in functionality for customers and longer term failures to achieve desired improvements.
the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of any of our information or communications systems, or the systems of other companies on which we rely, could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us. this risk is greater if the issue is widespread, extends for a significant period of time, or results in financial losses to our customers. the consequences of failures to operate systems properly can include disruptions to our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems. such events could also cause errors in transactions or impair system functionality with customers, vendors or other parties. possible adverse consequences also include damage to our reputation or a loss of customer business, which could occur even if the negative impact on customers was de minimis. we also could face litigation or additional regulatory scrutiny. this in turn could lead to liability or other sanctions, including fines and penalties or reimbursement of adversely affected customers. even if we do not suffer any material adverse consequences as a result of events affecting us directly, information systems issues at other financial institutions could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions, including us. also, system problems, including those resulting from third party attacks, whether at pnc or at our competitors, would likely broadly increase legislative, regulatory and customer concerns regarding the functioning, safety and security of such systems. in that case, we would expect to incur even higher levels of costs with respect to prevention and mitigation of these risks.
we are vulnerable to the risk of third party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at pnc or at third parties handling pnc information.
we are faced with ongoing, bordering on continual, efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. some of these involve efforts to enter our systems directly by going through or around our security protections. others involve the use of social engineering schemes to gain access to confidential information from our employees, customers or vendors. most corporate and commercial transactions are now handled electronically, and our retail customers increasingly use online access and mobile devices to bank with us. the ability to conduct business with us in this manner depends on the transmission and storage of confidential information in electronic form. as a result, efforts by bad actors to engage in various types of cyber attacks pose serious risks to our business and reputation. the same risks are presented by attacks potentially affecting information held by third parties on our behalf or accessed by third parties, including those offering financial apps, on behalf of our customers.
in the ordinary course, we maintain and process vast amounts of information about us, our customers and our employees. this information tends to be confidential or proprietary and much of it is highly sensitive. the highly sensitive information includes information sufficient to support identity theft and personal health information, as well as information regarding business plans and financial performance that has not been made public. one way in which bad actors attempt to harm us is by seeking access to some of this confidential or proprietary information, often with the intent of stealing from or defrauding us or our customers. in other cases, they seek to disrupt our ability to conduct our business, including by destroying or impairing our access to information maintained by us.
our customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smartphones and tablets, to do business with us and may provide their pnc customer information (including passwords) to a third party in connection with obtaining services from the third party, including those offering financial apps. although we take steps to provide safety and security for our customers' transactions with us and their customer information to the extent they are utilizing their own devices or providing third parties access to their accounts, our ability to assure such safety and security is necessarily limited.
as our customers regularly use pnc-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions with retailers and other businesses, there is also the risk of data security breaches at those other businesses covering pnc account information. when our customers use pnc issued cards to make purchases from those businesses, card account information often is provided to the business. if the business's systems that process or store card account information are subject to a data security breach, holders of our cards who have made purchases from that business may experience fraud on their card accounts. we can be responsible for reimbursing our customers for such fraudulent transactions on customers' card accounts, as well as for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts, but to date such losses have not been material to us. in addition, we provide card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as visa and mastercard. under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a data security breach. over the last few years, several large companies disclosed that they had suffered substantial data security breaches compromising millions of user accounts and credentials. to date, our losses and costs related to these types of breaches, including those where some of the accounts affected were with pnc, have not been material. other similar events in the the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k future could be more significant to us. moreover, to the extent more consumer confidential information becomes available to bad actors through the cumulative effect of data breaches at companies generally, bad actors may find it easier to use such information to gain access to our customer accounts.
other cyber attacks are not focused on gaining access to credit card or user credential information, but instead seek access to a range of other types of confidential information, such as internal emails and other forms of customer financial information. ransomware attacks have sought to deny access to data and possibly shut down systems and devices maintained by target companies. in a ransomware attack, system data is encrypted or access is otherwise denied, accompanied by a demand for ransom to restore access to the data. to date, our losses and costs related to these types of attacks have not been material, but ransomware attacks have increased in recent years and there is no guarantee that future attacks will not be successful.
a number of companies have fallen victim to bec scams in recent years. bec scams involve using social engineering to cause employees to wire funds to the perpetrators in the mistaken belief that the requests were made by a company executive or established vendor. while we have not experienced material losses from bec scams to date, some of our commercial customers have been victimized. attacks on our customers may put these relationships at risk, particularly if customers' ability to continue operations is impaired due to the losses suffered.
other attacks in recent years have included ddos attacks, in which individuals or organizations flood commercial websites with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic with the goal of disrupting the ability of commercial enterprises to process transactions and possibly making their websites unavailable to customers for extended periods of time. we (as well as other financial services companies) have been subject to such attacks.
in addition to threats from external sources, insider threats represent a significant risk to us. insiders, including those having legitimate access to our systems and the information contained in them, have the easiest opportunity to make inappropriate use of the systems and information. addressing that risk requires understanding not only how to protect us from unauthorized use and disclosure of data, but also how to engage behavioral analytics and other tools to identify potential internal threats before any damage is done.
to date, none of these types of attacks have had a material impact on us. nonetheless, we cannot entirely block efforts by bad actors to harm us. and our efforts to prevent significant harm from attacks may be insufficient. while we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. as a result, we could suffer material financial and reputational losses in the future from any of these or other types of attacks or the public perception that such an attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct. attacks on others, some of which have led to serious adverse consequences, demonstrate the risks posed by new and evolving types of cyber attacks. our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is even more limited with respect to information held by third parties. we may suffer reputational damage or legal liability for unauthorized access to customer information held by third parties, even if we were in fact not responsible for preventing such access and had no reasonable way of preventing it.
we need effective programs to limit the risk of failures or breaches occurring in our information systems and to mitigate the impact when they do.
we have policies, procedures and systems (including cyber security and business continuity programs) designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems. in recent years, we have devoted significant resources towards improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. we design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology or suppliers. we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, procedures and systems to protect us in any particular future situation, nor the effectiveness of our oversight of risk at third parties. our ability to implement policies, procedures and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions or breaches in security of information systems with respect to third party systems and the financial services industry infrastructure is necessarily limited. should an adverse event affecting another company's systems occur, we may not have financial protection from the other company sufficient to compensate us or otherwise protect us from the consequences.
methods used by others to attack information systems change frequently (with generally increasing sophistication). a new method of attack often is not recognized until launched against a target. attacks in some cases appear to be supported by foreign governments or other well-financed entities and often originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world. as a result, we may be unable to implement adequate preventive measures to address these methods in advance of attacks.
even with our proactive and defensive measures in place, adverse events are likely to occur and there remains the risk that one or more such events would be material to pnc. our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs, with novel or unusual events posing a greater risk. it is also the case that an adverse event can go undetected for a period of time, with the adverse consequences likely greater the longer it takes to discover the the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k problem. in many cases, it also depends on the preparedness and responses of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal.
risks related to the business of banking our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties.
credit risk is inherent in the financial services business. it results from, among other things, extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. credit risk is one of our most significant risks, particularly given the high percentage of our assets represented directly or indirectly by loans and securities and the importance of lending activity to our overall business. we manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio and by investing primarily in high quality securities.
a borrower's ability to repay a loan can be adversely affected by many factors. individual borrowers can be affected, for example, by declines in income, job losses, health issues or family issues. commercial borrowers can be affected, for example, by poor business performance, changes in customer behavior or catastrophic losses. weakness in the economy or in financial markets would typically adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans. we are exposed to increased credit risk if we fail to evaluate properly at origination the likely ability of a borrower to repay a loan. properly estimating the current and potential value of any collateral pledged to support the loan also is critical to effectively managing credit risk. a failure to identify declining creditworthiness of a borrower or declining collateral value at a time when remedial actions could reduce our exposure also increases credit risk. any decrease in our borrowers' ability to repay loans would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. managing credit risk effectively also relies on forecasts of future overall economic conditions, which are inherently imperfect.
in addition to credit risk associated with our lending activities, we have credit risk arising from many other types of business relationships. routine transactions give us credit exposure to brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, other institutional clients, as well as vendors and other non-financial entities.
in the ordinary course of business, we often have heightened credit exposure to a particular industry, region or financial market. as an example, loans secured by commercial and residential real estate typically represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. they also represent a portion of the assets underlying our investment securities. although there are limitations on the extent of total exposure to an individual or business borrower, we may have outsized exposure to a particular borrower experiencing financial distress. events adversely affecting specific customers or counterparties, industries, regions or financial markets, including a decline in their creditworthiness or a worsening overall risk profile, could materially and adversely affect us. declining economic conditions also may impact commercial borrowers more than consumer borrowers, or vice versa. thus, the concentration and mix of our loan portfolio may affect the severity of the impact of a recession on us.
our credit risk may be exacerbated when collateral held by us to secure obligations to us cannot be realized upon, including as a result of legal or regulatory changes, or is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us.
we reserve for credit losses on our loan and lease portfolio through our acl estimated under cecl. under cecl, the acl reflects expected lifetime losses, which could lead to volatility in the allowance and the provision for credit losses as economic forecasts, actual credit performance and other factors used in the loss estimating process change. we also have reserves for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. changes are reflected in net income through provision for credit losses. an increase in credit risk would likely lead to an increase in provision for credit losses with a resulting reduction in our net income and would increase our allowance. an improvement of economic conditions or our economic outlook, particularly following a period of poor economic conditions, has and could continue to result in a recapture of provision for credit losses for a period of time with a resulting increase in our net income and decrease in our allowance that is not likely to be sustained.
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted both commercial borrowers and consumers. in addition, the declines in gdp and increases in unemployment associated with the pandemic, and responsive measures to manage it, have significantly impacted the economic and qualitative factors used for purposes of our estimation of credit losses under cecl. for a discussion of the increased credit risk arising from the pandemic and its impact to our estimation of credit losses, see the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k our business and financial performance are impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates.
as a result of the high percentage of our assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve, or in spreads between different market interest rates can have a material effect on our business, our profitability and the value of our financial assets and liabilities. for example:
•changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets and the interest that we pay on liabilities, which impacts our overall net interest income and margin as well as our profitability.
•such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments, and can, in turn, increase our credit losses on those assets.
•such changes can decrease the demand for interest rate-based products and services, including loans and deposit accounts.
•such changes affect our hedging of various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the effectiveness of those hedges in helping to manage such risks.
•movements in interest rates also affect mortgage prepayment speeds and could result in impairments of mortgage servicing assets or otherwise affect the profitability of such assets.
•increases in interest rates likely lower the price we would receive on fixed-rate customer obligations if we were to sell them.
we may also experience spread compression by offering higher than expected deposit rates in order to attract and maintain deposits as a result of increased competition.
the rates on some interest-bearing instruments adjust promptly in accordance with changes in market rates, while others adjust only periodically or are fixed throughout a defined term. as a result, the impact of changes in interest rates can be either increased or diluted due to differences in the relative variability of the rates paid on our liabilities in relation to the rates received on our assets. the extent to which we have elected to hedge interest rate risk through interest rate swaps also affects the impact of rate changes. we attempt to manage the balance sheet to increase our benefit or reduce negative impacts from future movements in interest rates, but failures to anticipate actual movements may have the opposite result.
while in general higher interest rates enhance our ability to grow our net interest income, there are risks associated with a rising interest rate environment. as a general matter, increasing rates tend to decrease the value of fixed-rate financial instruments held on our balance sheet, as discussed in the risk factor headed "our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets." also, customers may be less willing overall to borrow at higher rates. higher interest rates may indirectly affect the value of asset classes such as real estate typically financed through secured loans, with a resulting negative effect on collateral securing such loans. as another example, there may be increased competitive pressures as rates on deposit products rise. the benefits of higher interest rates are best achieved if we can increase the rates on loans and other assets faster than the rates on deposits and other liabilities increase. we may not be able to achieve this result in a rising rate environment.
on the other hand, lower interest rates tend to have a negative impact on our net interest margin, and, unless offset by higher earning assets, on our net interest income. moreover, a negative interest rate environment, in which interest rates drop below zero either broadly or for some types of instruments, could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income due to a likely decline in the interest we could earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay to maintain our deposits with the federal reserve bank. in addition, our systems may not be able to handle adequately a negative interest rate environment and not all variable rate instruments are designed for such a circumstance. the current very low interest rate environment increases the potential for negative interest rates to occur.
we discuss the impact of governmental monetary policy on interest rates in the risk factors headed "the policies of the federal reserve and other governmental agencies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance, which are important to our business and financial performance" and "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets.
as a financial institution, a substantial majority of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature. examples include loans, securities, servicing rights, deposits and borrowings. such assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value, often significantly, due to movements in the financial markets or market volatility as well as developments specific to the asset or liability in question. credit-based assets and liabilities will fluctuate in value due to changes in the perceived creditworthiness of borrowers or other counterparties and also due to changes in market interest rates.
changes in loan prepayment speeds, which often occur when interest rates change, impact the value of our mortgage servicing rights, possibly adversely. also, the underlying value of assets under lease or securing an obligation generally decreases due to increases in supply or decreases in demand for the asset or deterioration in the condition of the asset. this could negatively impact the ability to collect fully on the secured obligation.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k in many cases, we mark our assets and liabilities to market and recognize such changes either through net income or oci. thus, gains or losses on these assets and liabilities can have a direct impact on our results of operations, unless we have effectively hedged our exposures. we may need to record losses in the value of financial assets even where our expectation of realizing the face value of the underlying instrument has not changed. other assets and liabilities are not marked to market. as a result, our balance sheet does not precisely represent the fair market value of our financial assets and liabilities.
in addition, asset management revenue is earned primarily based on a percentage of the value of the assets being managed and thus is impacted by general changes in market valuations. thus, although we are not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related noninterest income.
for a discussion of the risks presented by the covid-19 pandemic to the values of financial assets, see the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
risks related to estimates and assumptions our asset and liability valuations and the determination of the amount of loss allowances and impairments taken on our assets are highly subjective. inaccurate estimates could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.
we must use estimates, assumptions and judgments when assets and liabilities are measured and reported at fair value. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. changes in underlying factors or assumptions in any of the areas underlying our estimates could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations. during periods of market disruption, it would be difficult to value certain assets if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be certain asset classes that were historically traded in active markets with significant observable data that rapidly become illiquid due to market volatility, a loss in market confidence or other factors. in addition, we have assets and liabilities carried at fair value that are estimated using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. the valuation of any asset or liability substantially based on unobservable inputs is necessarily less reliable than those based on active trading markets. further, rapidly changing and unprecedented market conditions in any particular market could materially impact the valuation of assets as reported within our consolidated financial statements. our ability to hedge exposure is in part dependent on our ability to value the related assets or liabilities.
the determination of the amount of loss allowances and asset impairments varies by asset type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. although we have policies and procedures in place to determine loss allowance and asset impairments, due to the subjective nature of this area, the level of impairments taken and allowances reflected in our financial statements may not accurately reflect the actual level of risk and the amount of future losses.
there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business.
we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate many financial values. we use models throughout much of our business, relying on them for much of our decision making. examples of areas we use models include determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy, and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels. we also use models to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. in particular, we depend significantly on complex models for credit loss accounting under cecl, many of which have only been in use for a relatively short period of time.
models generally evaluate the performance of various factors under anticipated future conditions, relying on historical data to help build the model and in part on assumptions as to the future, often with respect to macro-economic conditions, in order to generate the output. poorly designed or implemented models, including in the choice of relevant historical data or future-looking assumptions, present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating model output will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. also, information we provide to the public or to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our shareholders, would likely be affected adversely if they perceive that the quality of the relevant models used is insufficient.
risks related to our need for customers our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers for our products and services.
our performance is subject to risks associated with declines in customer demand for our products and services. as a result of the nature of those products and services, we are particularly at risk for losses of economic confidence or customer trust in us. for a the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k discussion of the risks related to declines in demand for our products and services as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, see the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
economic and market developments may affect consumer and business confidence levels. if customers lose confidence due to concerns regarding the economy, the demand for our products and services could suffer. we may also fail to attract or retain customers if we are unable to develop and market products and services that meet evolving customer needs or demands or if we are unable to deliver them effectively and securely to our customers. this is particularly true to the extent that our competitors are better able to do so.
if we fail to attract and retain customers, demand for our loans and other financial products and services could decrease and we could experience adverse changes in payment patterns. we could lose interest income from a decline in credit usage and noninterest income from a decline in product sales, investments and other transactions.
our customers could remove money from checking, savings or other types of deposit accounts with us in favor of other banks or other types of investment products. deposits are a low cost source of funds for us. therefore, losing deposits could increase our funding costs and reduce our net interest income.
our ability to attract and retain customer deposits is impacted by the levels of interest rates, as customers balance the benefits of bank accounts such as deposit insurance and some of the convenience associated with more traditional banking products against the possibility of higher yields from other investments. in general, if the spread between the rates we offer and those offered by alternatives to bank accounts widens, customers are often willing to forego the benefits of bank accounts for higher returns elsewhere. in such circumstances, we would need either to increase rates to levels that are seen as competitive or lose customers, in either case with a negative impact to net interest income. loss of customers could also harm noninterest income by decreasing fee-bearing transaction volume. in addition, when rates are higher, customers tend to shift deposits from noninterest-bearing accounts to interest-bearing ones, thereby negatively impacting net interest income.
our customers increasingly use third party financial applications that are expected to interface with their pnc accounts. this use leads to the risk that issues with respect to the effective functioning of that interface, regardless of cause, could result in a loss of customers as they seek banking relationships that work better with these other applications.
news or other publicity that harms our reputation, or harms the reputation of our industry generally, also could cause a loss of customers or a reduction in the extent to which customers do business with us. this is described further in the risk factor headed "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation."
in our asset management business, investment performance is an important factor influencing the level of assets that we manage. poor investment advice or performance could hurt revenue and growth as existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products. additionally, the ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish. overall economic conditions may limit the amount that customers are able or willing to invest as well as the value of the assets they do invest. the failure or negative performance of products of other financial institutions could lead to a loss of confidence in similar products offered by us without regard to the performance of our products. such a negative contagion could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products and have an adverse impact on our assets under management and asset management revenues and earnings.
we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation.
our ability to compete effectively, to attract and retain customers and employees, and to grow our business is dependent on maintaining our reputation and having the trust of our customers and employees. many types of developments, if publicized, can negatively impact a company's reputation with adverse consequences to its business.
financial services companies are highly vulnerable to reputational damage when they are found to have harmed customers, particularly retail customers, through conduct that is seen as illegal, unfair, deceptive, abusive, manipulative or otherwise wrongful. there also may be reputational damage from human error or systems failures viewed as having harmed customers but not involving misconduct, including negative perceptions regarding our ability to maintain the security of our technology systems and protect client data. the reputational impact is likely greater to the extent that the bad conduct, error or failure are pervasive, long-standing or affect a significant number of customers, particularly retail consumers. the negative impact of such reputational damage on our business may be disproportionate to the actual harm caused to customers. it may be severe even if we fully remediate any harm suffered by our customers. furthermore, because we conduct most of our businesses under the "pnc" brand, negative public opinion about one business could also affect our other businesses. in addition, we could suffer reputational harm and a loss of customer trust as a result of conduct of others in the industry even where we have not engaged in the conduct. we use third parties to help in many aspects of our business, with the risk that their conduct can affect our reputation regardless of the degree to which we are responsible for it.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k to an increasing extent, financial services companies, including pnc, are facing criticism from social and environmental activists, with accompanying reputational risk. activists target companies in our industry, including pnc, for engaging in business with specific customers or with customers in particular industries, where the customers' activities, even if legal, are perceived as having harmful impacts on matters such as environment, consumer health and safety, or society at large. in addition, other activists target companies in our industry, including pnc, seeking increased transparency and action with respect to diversity and inclusion (including pay equity) and political activities. activist criticism has come in many forms, including protests at pnc facilities. pnc, together with many other financial services companies, have in recent years been criticized for financing companies engaged in, for example, extraction and distribution of fossil fuels, manufacture of nuclear and other weapons (including personal firearms), private prisons, and border control activities. many of these issues are divisive without broad agreement as to the appropriate steps a company such as pnc should take and often with strong feelings on both sides. as a result, however we respond to such criticism, we expose ourselves to the risks that current or potential customers decline to do business with us or current or potential employees refuse to work for us. this can be true regardless of whether we are perceived by some as not having done enough to address activist concerns or by others as having inappropriately yielded to activist pressures. activist pressure can also be a factor in decisions as to which business opportunities and customers we pursue, potentially resulting in foregone profit opportunities. the occ has requested comment on a proposed rule that would prohibit large national banks, such as pnc bank, from declining to provide credit or other products or services to customers engaged in lawful activities except for documented, pre-approved risk-related reasons. the rule, if adopted, could cause some customers to switch their business to other banks that are not subject to these restrictions or have other negative consequences on pnc's businesses, operations and risk management activities.
the speed with which information now moves through social media and non-mainstream news sources on the internet means that negative information about pnc can rapidly have a broadly adverse impact on our reputation. this is true whether or not the information is accurate. once information has gone viral, it can be hard to counter it effectively, either by correcting inaccuracies or communicating remedial steps taken for actual issues. the potential impact of negative information going viral means that material reputational harm can result from a single discrete or isolated incident.
we are also subject to the risk of reputational harm resulting from conduct of persons identified as our employees but acting outside of the scope of their employment, including through their activities on personal social media.
we operate in a highly competitive environment in terms of the products and services we offer and the geographic markets in which we conduct business, as well as the labor markets where we compete for talented employees.
we are subject to intense competition both from other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including financial technology companies (often referred to as fintech). in many cases, non-bank entities can engage in many activities similar to ours without being subject to the same types of regulation, supervision and restrictions as are applicable to banks. the competition we face is described in item 1 of this report under "competition."
consolidation in our industry, including among smaller banks combining to form more competitive larger ones and between banks and non-bank entities, could result in pnc facing more intense competition, particularly in impacted regions or with respect to particular products.
another increasingly competitive factor in the financial services industry is the ability to attract and retain talented and diverse employees across many of our businesses and support areas. this factor presents greater risk when we are expanding into new markets, developing new product lines, or significantly enhancing staffing in certain areas, particularly technology. this competition leads to increased expenses in affected business areas. in addition, the transition to increased work-from-home, which is likely to survive the covid-19 pandemic for many companies, may exacerbate the challenges of attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees as job markets may be less constrained by physical geography. limitations on the manner in which regulated financial institutions can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing requirements of dodd-frank, may make it more difficult for regulated financial institutions, including pnc, to compete with unregulated companies for talent.
a failure to adequately address the competitive pressures we face could make it harder for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses. on the other hand, meeting these competitive pressures could require us to incur significant additional expense or to accept risk beyond what we would otherwise view as desirable under the circumstances. in addition, in our interest rate sensitive businesses, competitive pressures to increase rates on deposits or decrease rates on loans could reduce our net interest margin, negatively impacting our net interest income.
risks related to other operational issues we depend on the effectiveness and integrity of employees, and the systems and controls for which they are responsible, to manage operational risks.
we are a large company that offers a wide variety of products and services to a broad and diverse group of customers. we rely on our employees to design, manage, and operate our systems and controls to assure that we properly enter into, record and manage the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k processes, transactions and other relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties with whom we do business. in some cases, we rely on employees of third parties to perform these tasks. we also depend on employees and the systems and controls for which they are responsible to assure that we identify and mitigate the risks that are inherent in our relationships and activities. these concerns are increased when we change processes or procedures, introduce new products or services, or implement new technologies, as we may fail to adequately identify or manage operational risks resulting from such changes.
as a result of our necessary reliance on employees, whether ours or those of third parties, to perform these tasks and manage resulting risks, we are thus subject to human vulnerabilities. these range from innocent human error to misconduct or malfeasance, potentially leading to operational breakdowns or other failures. our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation and monitoring of automated systems. we may also fail to adequately develop a culture of risk management among our employees.
errors by our employees or others responsible for systems and controls on which we depend and any resulting failures of those systems and controls could result in significant harm to pnc. this could include customer remediation costs, regulatory fines or penalties, litigation or enforcement actions, or limitations on our business activities. we could also suffer damage to our reputation, as described under "we are at risk for an adverse impact on our business due to damage to our reputation."
we use automation, machine learning, artificial intelligence and robotic process automation tools to help reduce some risks of human error. nonetheless, we continue to rely on many manual processes to conduct our business and manage our risks. in addition, use of automation tools does not eliminate the need for effective design and monitoring of their operation to make sure they operate as intended. enhanced use of automation may present its own risks. these tools are dependent on the quality of the data used by the tool to learn and enhance the process for which it is responsible. not only bad or missing data but also anomalous data can adversely affect the functioning of such tools. it is possible that humans in some cases are better able than highly automated tools to identify that anomalous data is being used or that results are themselves anomalous.
we rely on third party vendors, service providers and other counterparties to help support many aspects of our business. when we do so, our direct control of activities related to our business is reduced, which could introduce risk.
our use of third parties to support our business needs typically means that we do not directly control the activities we are having them perform. risks can arise through greater complexity and inadequate performance by the third party, specifically where that performance could affect us or our customers. many of the kinds of risks presented by activities performed by third parties are described elsewhere in these risk factors. for example, we use outside companies to assist us in processing some confidential customer or employee information. in such a case, a cyber attack on such a company may result in access to our customers' or employees' information. we are also vulnerable, including to regulatory penalties, where an outside company fails to comply with legal requirements relevant to its work on our behalf. we may in any such circumstance suffer financial losses, legal consequences and injury to our reputation. even if the other company makes us whole for financial losses, which is not necessarily the case, it is unlikely that it would be able to restore any injury to our reputation. as a result, the use of third parties to assist in our business activities heightens the risks to us inherent in those activities.
other key risks we are at risk for the impact of adverse results in legal proceedings.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of legal liability. we have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities. in addition, we are regularly the subject of governmental investigations and other forms of regulatory inquiry. we also are at risk when we have agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings they face, such as in connection with the sale of a business or assets by us. the results of these legal proceedings could lead to significant monetary damages or penalties, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business, or reputational harm.
although we establish accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, we do not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss. in addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued often do not represent the ultimate loss to us from the legal proceedings in question. thus, our ultimate future losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies. we discuss further the unpredictability of legal proceedings and describe certain of our pending legal proceedings in note 21 legal proceedings in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k we grow our business in part by acquiring other financial services businesses from time to time. sometimes these are businesses with technologies or other assets valuable to us even if they do not themselves provide financial services to customers. these acquisitions present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
acquisitions of other companies or of financial assets and related deposits and other liabilities present risks and uncertainties to us in addition to those presented by the nature of the business acquired. these risks and uncertainties are found in the pending acquisition of bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, and its integration into pnc following closing.
acquisitions may be substantially more expensive or take longer to complete than anticipated. this risk includes unanticipated costs incurred in connection with the integration of the acquired business. anticipated benefits (such as cost savings from synergies or strategic gains from being able to offer enhanced product sets) may take longer or require greater resources to achieve. in some cases, it may prove impossible to realize them in their entirety. the success of an acquisition generally is at least partially dependent on our ability to retain and expand upon the acquired company's customer base. it is also frequently subject to risks related to human capital, including, if being retained, the quality of leadership of the acquired company.
specific factors that can affect the ultimate results from acquisitions include, depending on the nature of the business acquired, the following:
•if the acquisition includes loan portfolios, the extent of actual credit losses and the required allowance for credit losses following completion of the acquisition.
•if a significant aspect of the value of an acquired business is intellectual property, the extent to which the intellectual property may be protected and commercialized by pnc following the acquisition.
•if the acquisition involves entering into new businesses or geographic or other markets, potential limitations on our ability to take advantage of these opportunities as a result of our inexperience with respect to them.
•the results of litigation and governmental investigations that may be pending at the time of the acquisition or be filed or commenced thereafter, as a result of an acquisition or otherwise. it is often hard to predict the results of such legal proceedings. it may also be hard to anticipate what legal proceedings may be started following an acquisition based on the prior activities of the acquired company (and its predecessors).
•if the acquired company depends on models for, among other things, capital planning and credit loss accounting, we may have to rely on the acquired company's models for a period of time post-closing prior to integrating the acquired company's data into pnc's models. the acquired company's models may be designed or implemented in a manner different than the models used by pnc. as a result, incorporation of the acquired company's data into our models could materially impact our results of operations or financial position to the extent that our estimates based on the acquired company's models prove to be inaccurate.
•the acquired company may operate under enterprise risk management systems, policies and procedures that are different and less mature than those of pnc, and we may need to rely on the acquired company's enterprise risk management systems policies and procedures for a period of time after acquisition, which might limit pnc's ability to identify, monitor, manage and report risks for a period of time.
our ability to analyze the risks presented by prospective acquisitions, as well as our ability to prepare in advance of closing for integration, depends, in part, on the information we can gather with respect to the business we are acquiring. we may not have access to all of the information that would be desirable. our pre-acquisition review of the business also impacts our ability to prepare for and execute on the integration of an acquired business. an acquired company's financial and business information and data may not be maintained at the level of detail or comprehensiveness to meet all of our post-acquisition needs.
prospective acquisition targets are also subject to their own risks that we cannot manage or control prior to closing and that may impact their business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected after closing to the extent that any such risks result in non-indemnified losses for which we are responsible.
completing attractive acquisition opportunities generally requires various governmental and regulatory approvals and consents prior to closing. these authorities have broad discretion, and regulatory approvals could be delayed, restrictively conditioned or denied, including due to regulatory issues we (or the target company) have, or may have, under any of the numerous governmental regulations to which we (or they) are subject. moreover, as a condition to approval, governmental authorities may impose requirements, require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of the business of the combined company, which could limit the benefits of the acquisition or result in delay or the failure to close the acquisition. significant acquisitions by large banks also often attract public scrutiny, which may result in negative publicity that adversely affects our reputation. our ability to make large acquisitions may be negatively impacted as well by changes in leadership at the regulatory agencies responsible for reviewing or approving the transaction, changes in regulatory rules or standards or the application of those rules or standards, or future regulatory initiatives designed to limit systemic risk and the potential for a financial institution to become "too big to fail."
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k our business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, natural or otherwise, by terrorist activities, by international hostilities or by domestic civil unrest.
neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of disasters (whether caused naturally or by human conduct), pandemics, terrorist activities, international hostilities and domestic civil unrest can be predicted. however, these occurrences could adversely impact us, for example, by causing significant damage to our facilities or preventing us from conducting our business in the ordinary course. also, their impact on our borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other counterparties could result in indirect adverse effects on us. other indirect adverse consequences from disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, international hostilities or domestic civil unrest could result from impacts to the financial markets, the economy in general or in any particular region, or key parts of the infrastructure (such as the power grid) on which we and our customers rely. these types of indirect effects, whether specific to our counterparties or more generally applicable, could lead, for example, to an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in our experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. they could also cause a reduction in demand for lending or other services that we provide. to the extent that climate change increases the frequency or severity of adverse weather conditions, the impact from these types of natural disasters on us or our customers would be worse. the specific risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic are discussed in the risk factor headed "the covid-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance."
our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning. this includes our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. the adverse impact of disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, international hostilities or domestic civil unrest also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that we deal with, many of which we depend on but have limited or no control over.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
executive summary key strategic goals at pnc we manage our company for the long term. we are focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits and revenue and improving profitability, while investing for the future and managing risk, expenses and capital. we continue to invest in our products, markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees and the communities where we do business.
we strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit and fee-based products and services. we are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and putting customers' needs first. our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures.
we are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of:
•expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms,
•deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and
•leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security and processes.
our capital priorities are to support customers and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the basel iii framework and other regulatory expectations, and return excess capital to shareholders. for more detail, see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 business, the capital highlights portion of this executive summary and the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
key factors affecting financial performance we face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time. the extent of such impacts may vary depending on factors such as the current business and economic conditions, political and regulatory environment and operational challenges. many of these risks and our risk management strategies are described in more detail elsewhere in this report.
our success will depend upon, among other things, the following factors that we manage or control:
•effectively managing capital and liquidity including:
•continuing to maintain and grow our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source,
•prudent liquidity and capital management to meet evolving regulatory capital, capital planning, stress testing and liquidity standards, and
•actions we take within the capital and other financial markets.
•execution of our strategic priorities,
•management of credit risk in our portfolio,
•our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment,
•the impact of legal and regulatory-related contingencies,
•the appropriateness of reserves needed for critical accounting estimates and related contingencies, and
•the closing of the pending bbva acquisition and integration of its business into pnc after closing.
our financial performance is also substantially affected by a number of external factors outside of our control, including the following:
•global and domestic economic conditions, including the length and extent of the economic impacts of the pandemic,
•the actions by the federal reserve, u.s. treasury and other government agencies, including those that impact money supply and market interest rates,
•the level of, and direction, timing and magnitude of movement in, interest rates and the shape of the interest rate yield curve,
•the functioning and other performance of, and availability of liquidity in, u.s. and global financial markets, including capital markets,

•changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape,
•the impact of the results of the recent u.s. elections on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, and the response to and management of the pandemic,
•the impact of market credit spreads on asset valuations,
•the ability of customers, counterparties and issuers to perform in accordance with contractual terms, and the resulting impact on our asset quality,
•loan demand, utilization of credit commitments and standby letters of credit, and
•the impact on customers and changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or regulatory or legislative initiatives.
for additional information on the risks we face, see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7 and item 1a risk factors in this report.
second quarter sale of equity investment in blackrock, inc.
in the second quarter of 2020, pnc divested its entire 22.4% equity investment in blackrock. net proceeds from the sale were $14.2 billion. the after-tax gain on the sale of $4.3 billion, and donation expense and blackrock's historical results for all periods presented, are reported as discontinued operations. for additional details on the divestiture of our equity investment in blackrock, see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
pending acquisition of bbva usa bancshares, inc.
on november 16, 2020 pnc announced a definitive agreement to acquire bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary bbva usa, from the spanish financial group bbva, s.a for a fixed purchase price of $11.6 billion in cash. bbva usa operates over 600 branches in texas, alabama, arizona, california, florida, colorado and new mexico. the transaction is expected to close in mid-2021 and add approximately $102 billion in total assets, $86 billion of deposits and $66 billion of loans, creating the fifth largest bank by assets and a pnc presence in 29 of the 30 largest markets in the u.s. see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for details on the pending acquisition.
income statement highlights net income from continuing operations for 2020 was $3.0 billion, or $6.36 per diluted common share, a decrease of 35% compared to net income from continuing operations of $4.6 billion, or $9.57 per diluted common share, for 2019.
•total revenue increased $62 million to $16.9 billion.
•net interest income decreased $19 million to $9.9 billion.
•net interest margin decreased to 2.53% for 2020 compared to 2.89% for 2019.
•noninterest income increased $81 million, or 1%, to $7.0 billion.
•provision for credit losses of $3.2 billion in 2020, calculated under the cecl accounting standard adopted january 1, 2020, increased $2.4 billion compared to $0.8 billion for 2019, reflecting changes due to the adoption of cecl, together with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and its resulting effects on loan portfolio credit quality and loan growth.
•noninterest expense decreased $277 million, or 3%, to $10.3 billion.
•we generated positive operating leverage in 2020 of 3%.
for additional detail, see the consolidated income statement review section of this item 7.
balance sheet highlights our balance sheet was strong and well positioned at december 31, 2020 and 2019. in comparison to december 31, 2019:
•total assets increased $56.4 billion, or 14%, to $466.7 billion.
•total loans increased $2.1 billion, or 1%, to $241.9 billion.
•total commercial loans grew $6.6 billion, or 4%, to $167.2 billion.
•total consumer loans decreased $4.5 billion, or 6%, to $74.7 billion.
•investment securities increased $2.0 billion, or 2%, to $88.8 billion.
•interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the federal reserve bank, increased $61.8 billion to $85.2 billion due to higher liquidity from deposit growth and proceeds from the sale of our equity investment in blackrock.
•total deposits increased $76.8 billion, or 27%, to $365.3 billion, due to growth in commercial deposits reflecting pandemic-related accumulation of liquidity by customers and higher consumer deposits driven by government stimulus payments and lower consumer spending.
•borrowed funds of $37.2 billion decreased $23.1 billion, or 38%, reflecting use of liquidity from deposit growth and proceeds from the sale of our equity investment in blackrock.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k for additional detail, see the consolidated balance sheet review section of this item 7.
credit quality highlights credit quality metrics in 2020 reflected a challenging economic environment.
•at december 31, 2020 compared to december 31, 2019:
•nonperforming assets of $2.3 billion increased $585 million, or 33%, primarily due to the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic.
•overall loan delinquencies of $1.4 billion decreased $141 million, or 9%, reflecting cares act and other forbearance and extension treatments.
•net charge-offs of $832 million, or 0.33% of average loans, in 2020 increased 30% compared to net charge-offs of $642 million, or 0.27% of average loans, for 2019. commercial loan net charge-offs increased $175 million, primarily in industries adversely impacted by the pandemic, and consumer loan net charge-offs increased $15 million compared to 2019.
•the acl related to loans increased to $5.9 billion, or 2.46% of total loans, at december 31, 2020, calculated under the cecl accounting standard adopted january 1, 2020, compared to $3.1 billion, or 1.28% of total loans, at december 31, 2019. the increase was due to the transition impact from the adoption of the cecl standard along with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and its resulting effects on loan portfolio credit quality and loan growth.
for additional detail, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section of this item 7.
capital highlights we maintained a strong capital position during 2020.
•the basel iii cet1 capital ratio was 12.2% at december 31, 2020 compared with 9.5% at december 31, 2019.
•the december 31, 2020 ratio reflects higher capital due in part to the gain from the sale of our equity investment in blackrock and changes under the tailoring rules, effective january 1, 2020 for pnc, partially offset by the impact of the cecl accounting standard.
•additionally, capital benefited from our election of a five-year transition period for cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital. cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital is defined as the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25% of the change in cecl acl at the balance sheet date compared to cecl acl at transition. the estimated cecl impact is added to cet1 capital through december 31, 2021, then phased-out over the following three years.
•common shareholder's equity increased 11% to $50.5 billion at december 31, 2020, compared to $45.3 billion at december 31, 2019.
•on january 5, 2021, the pnc board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.15 per share payable on february 5, 2021.
•pnc announced on march 16, 2020 a temporary suspension of our common stock repurchase program in conjunction with the federal reserve's effort to support the u.s. economy during the pandemic, and continued the suspension through the fourth quarter of 2020, consistent with the extension of the federal reserve's special capital distribution restrictions. we repurchased $99 million of common shares in the third quarter to offset the effects of employee benefit plan-related issuances in 2020 as permitted by guidance from the federal reserve. in 2021, our plan is to refrain from share repurchases, excluding employee benefit-related purchases, during the period leading up to our pending bbva transaction close date.
pnc's ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to pnc meeting or exceeding a stress capital buffer established by the federal reserve board in connection with the federal reserve board's ccar process. the federal reserve also has imposed additional limitations on capital distributions through the first quarter of 2021 by ccar-participating bank holding companies and may extend these limitations, potentially in modified form. see additional discussion of the ccar process in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for more detail on our 2020 capital and liquidity actions as well as our capital ratios.
business outlook statements regarding our business outlook are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our view that:
•the u.s. economy is in an economic recovery, following a very severe but very short economic contraction in the first half of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic and public health measures to contain it.

•despite the improvement in the economy since the spring of 2020, economic activity remains far below its prepandemic level and unemployment remains elevated.
•growth will be much weaker in early 2021 because of record covid-19 cases and continued government restrictions of economic activity. growth should then pick up in the spring of 2021 as vaccines are more widely available and the federal government provides aid to households and small and medium-sized businesses. pnc does not expect real gdp to return to its pre-pandemic level until late 2021, and does not expect employment to return to its pre-pandemic level until at least 2023.
•pnc expects the fomc to keep the fed funds rate in its current range of 0.00% to 0.25% through at least mid-2024.
see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7 and item 1a risk factors in this report for other factors that could cause future events to differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
for information on financial results for the fourth quarter of 2020, see the selected quarterly financial data section in the statistical information (unaudited) section of item 8 of this report.
for the pnc standalone full year 2021, excluding one-time costs related to the bbva transaction, compared to full year 2020 where appropriate, we expect:
•average loan growth to be down in the low-single digits range, and spot loan growth to be up in the low single-digits range, on a percentage basis,
•revenue growth to be stable, which includes net interest income down modestly,
•noninterest expense to remain stable, and
•the effective tax rate to be approximately 17%.
assuming a mid-2021 close date and excluding one-time integration costs, we expect the pending bbva acquisition to be approximately $600 million accretive to pnc's 2021 pre-provision net revenue.
for the first quarter of 2021, compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 where appropriate, we expect:
•average loans to be stable to down modestly, with ppp loans to be up approximately $2 billion,
•net interest income to decline approximately 1%, which includes the impact of two fewer days in the quarter,
◦excluding the impact of ppp, net interest income to decline approximately 3%.
•noninterest income to decline mid-single digits, on a percentage basis, with other noninterest income to be between $275 million and $325 million,
•noninterest expense to be down in the mid-single digit range, on a percentage basis, and
•net loan charge-offs to be between $200 million and $250 million.
consolidated income statement review our consolidated income statement is presented in item 8 of this report. for the comparison of 2019 over 2018, see the consolidated income statement review section in our 2019 form 10-k.
net income from continuing operations for 2020 was $3.0 billion, or $6.36 per diluted common share, a decrease of $1.6 billion compared with net income from continuing operations of $4.6 billion, or $9.57 per diluted common share, for 2019. the decrease was primarily driven by a $2.4 billion increase in the provision for credit losses reflecting changes due to the adoption of cecl, together with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and its resulting effects on loan portfolio credit quality and loan growth, partially offset by lower noninterest expense.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k net interest income table 1: summarized average balances and net interest income (a)
2020                                                                                                           2019
year ended december 31                                               average        average         interest                     average        average         interest dollars in millions                                                 balances        yields/          income/                    balances        yields/          income/
rates          expense                                      rates          expense assets interest-earning assets investment securities                                           $87,279           2.36    %      $2,064                     $83,666           2.93    %      $2,450
loans                                                           252,633           3.55    %       8,979                     235,016           4.51    %      10,604
interest-earning deposits with banks                             47,333           0.21    %         100                      16,878           2.09    %         353
other                                                             9,553           2.50    %         239                      12,425           3.69    %         458
total interest-earning assets/interest income                  $396,798           2.87    %      11,382                    $347,985           3.98    %      13,865
liabilities interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits                                      $238,771           0.27    %         643                    $204,588           0.97    %       1,986
borrowed funds                                                   47,938           1.50    %         718                      61,528           2.94    %       1,811
total interest-bearing liabilities/interest expense            $286,709           0.47    %       1,361                    $266,116           1.43    %       3,797
net interest margin/income (non-gaap)                                             2.53    %      10,021                                       2.89    %      10,068
taxable-equivalent adjustments                                                                     (75)                                                       (103)
net interest income (gaap)                                                                       $9,946                                                      $9,965
(a)interest income calculated as taxable-equivalent interest income. to provide more meaningful comparisons of interest income and yields for all interest-earning assets, as well as net interest margins, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating average yields and net interest margins by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. this adjustment is not permitted under gaap on the consolidated income statement. for more information, see reconciliation of taxable-equivalent net interest income (non-gaap) in the statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report.
changes in net interest income and margin result from the interaction of the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and related yields, interest-bearing liabilities and related rates paid, and noninterest-bearing sources of funding. see the statistical information (unaudited) - average consolidated balance sheet and net interest analysis and analysis of year-to-year changes in net interest income in item 8 of this report.
net interest income decreased $19 million in 2020 compared with 2019. the decrease was driven by lower yields on interest-earning assets, partially offset by lower rates on deposits, higher interest earning asset balances, and lower borrowing rates and balances. net interest margin decreased 36 basis points reflecting the impact of the 1.5% reduction in the federal funds rate by the federal reserve in march 2020 and related changes in other short-term rates.
average investment securities increased $3.6 billion, or 4%, primarily due to an increase in residential mortgage-backed securities. average investment securities represented 22% of average interest-earning assets in 2020, compared to 24% in 2019.
average loans grew $17.6 billion, or 8%, driven by commercial and consumer loan growth. average commercial loans increased by $15.5 billion, or 10%, reflecting new production, including ppp lending under the cares act, and higher multifamily agency warehouse lending, partially offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments.
average consumer loans increased $2.1 billion, or 3%, to $77.8 billion as growth in residential mortgage, auto, unsecured installment and credit card loans was partially offset by declines in education loans due to runoff in the guaranteed government loan portfolio and home equity loan paydowns and payoffs that exceeded new origination volumes.
average loans represented 64% of average interest-earning assets in 2020 compared to 68% in 2019.
average interest-earning deposits grew $30.5 billion as average balances held with the federal reserve bank increased due to higher liquidity from deposit growth and proceeds from the sale of our equity investment in blackrock.
average interest-bearing deposits grew $34.2 billion, or 17%, as growth in commercial and consumer deposits reflected pandemic-related accumulation of customer liquidity. in total, average interest-bearing deposits represented 83% of average interest-bearing liabilities in 2020 compared to 77% in 2019.
further details regarding average loans and deposits are included in the business segments review section of this item 7.
average borrowed funds decreased $13.6 billion, or 22%, primarily due to a decline in fhlb borrowings and federal funds purchased reflecting use of liquidity from deposit growth and proceeds from the sale of our equity investment in blackrock.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k noninterest income table 2: noninterest income year ended december 31                                                                 change dollars in millions                          2020            2019                          $%
noninterest income asset management                         $836            $862         $(26)           (3)   %
consumer services                       1,484           1,555          (71)           (5)   %
corporate services                      2,167           1,914           253            13   %
residential mortgage                      604             368           236            64   %
service charges on deposits               500             702         (202)          (29)   %
other                                   1,364           1,473         (109)           (7)   %
total noninterest income               $6,955          $6,874           $81             1   %
noninterest income as a percentage of total revenue was 41% for both 2020 and 2019.
asset management revenue declined due to the impact of pnc's divestiture activity in 2019 of the retirement recordkeeping business and pnc's proprietary mutual funds, partially offset by the impact of higher average equity markets. pnc's discretionary client assets under management increased to $170 billion at december 31, 2020 compared with $154 billion at december 31, 2019, primarily attributable to higher equity markets.
consumer services revenue declined as a result of lower transaction volumes and activities, reflecting lower consumer spending.
broad-based growth in corporate services revenue was driven by higher capital markets-related revenue, primarily from increased equity capital markets advisory fees and asset-backed financing fees, higher revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities and higher treasury management product revenue.
residential mortgage revenue increased due to higher loan sales revenue driven by increased loan volume and favorable gain on sale margins and revenue from rmsr valuation, net of economic hedge, partially offset by lower servicing fees due to increased payoff volumes.
service charges on deposits decreased due to lower transaction volumes, fees waived for customers experiencing pandemic-related hardships and the elimination of certain checking product fees.
other noninterest income decreased due to lower revenue from private equity investments reflecting the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic, lower gains on asset sales including the 2019 divestitures of pnc's retirement recordkeeping business and proprietary mutual funds and higher negative visa class b derivative fair value adjustments, primarily related to the extension of anticipated litigation resolution timing, partially offset by higher net securities gains and capital markets-related revenue.
other noninterest income typically fluctuates from period to period depending on the nature and magnitude of transactions completed. further details regarding our customer-related trading activities are included in the market risk management - customer-related trading risk portion of the risk management section of this item 7. further details regarding private and other equity investments are included in the market risk management - equity and other investment risk section.
noninterest expense table 3: noninterest expense year ended december 31                                                                change dollars in millions                       2020            2019                            $%
noninterest expense personnel                           $5,673          $5,647             $26             -
occupancy                              826             834             (8)           (1)   %
equipment                            1,176           1,210            (34)           (3)   %
marketing                              236             301            (65)          (22)   %
other                                2,386           2,582           (196)           (8)   %
total noninterest expense          $10,297         $10,574          $(277)           (3)   %
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the decrease in noninterest expense reflected lower business activity related to the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic, including lower costs associated with business travel, marketing expense and lower equipment expense primarily due to technology-related write-offs in 2019, partially offset by higher personnel expense reflecting continued investment in our employees.
we achieved our 2020 continuous improvement program savings goal of $300 million. in 2021, our goal will once again be $300 million in cost savings, without regard to cost saves related to bbva, which we expect to contribute to the funding of our business and technology investments.
effective income tax rate the effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 12.4% for 2020 compared with 16.4% for 2019. the decrease was primarily due to tax credit benefits and the favorable resolution of certain tax matters in the third quarter of 2020.
the effective tax rate is generally lower than the statutory rate primarily due to tax credits we receive from our investments in low income housing and new markets investments, as well as earnings on other tax exempt investments.
additional information regarding our effective tax rate is included in the reconciliation of statutory and effective tax rates table in note 19 income taxes in item 8 of this report.
provision for credit losses table 4: provision for credit losses year ended december 31
dollars in millions                                      2020          2019
provision for credit losses loans and leases                                   $2,985          $773
unfunded lending related commitments (a)               87
investment securities                                  80
other financial assets                                 23
total provision for credit losses                  $3,175          $773
(a)for the year ended december 31, 2019, the provision for unfunded lending related commitments was included in the provision for loans and leases.
the provision for credit losses was $3.2 billion in 2020 compared to $0.8 billion in 2019. the provision in 2020 was calculated under the cecl accounting standard adopted january 1, 2020. the increase reflected changes due to the adoption of cecl, together with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and its resulting effects on loan portfolio credit quality and loan growth.
net interest income less the provision for credit losses was $6.8 billion, $9.2 billion and $9.3 billion for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the credit risk management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 includes additional information regarding factors impacting the provision for credit losses.
net income from discontinued operations the following table summarizes net income from our investment in blackrock, which is now reported as discontinued operations as a result of the second quarter 2020 divestiture.
table 5: discontinued operations year ended december 31
dollars in millions                                      2020          2019
net income from discontinued operations            $4,555          $827
for additional details on the divestiture of our equity investment in blackrock, see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k consolidated balance sheet review the summarized balance sheet data in table 6 is based upon our consolidated balance sheet in item 8 of this report. for additional detail of the comparison of 2019 over 2018, see the consolidated balance sheet review section in our 2019 form 10-k.
table 6: summarized balance sheet data december 31                  december 31                                   change dollars in millions                                                         2020                         2019                                       $%
assets interest-earning deposits with banks                               $85,173                      $23,413                      $61,760           264   %
loans held for sale                                                  1,597                        1,083                          514            47   %
asset held for sale (a)                                                                           8,558                      (8,558)         (100)   %
investment securities                                               88,799                       86,824                        1,975             2   %
loans                                                              241,928                      239,843                        2,085             1   %
allowance for loan and lease losses (b)                            (5,361)                      (2,742)                      (2,619)          (96)   %
mortgage servicing rights                                            1,242                        1,644                        (402)          (24)   %
goodwill                                                             9,233                        9,233
other, net                                                          44,068                       42,439                        1,629             4   %
total assets                                                      $466,679                     $410,295                      $56,384            14   %
liabilities deposits                                                          $365,345                     $288,540                      $76,805            27   %
borrowed funds                                                      37,195                       60,263                     (23,068)          (38)   %
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments (b)                 584                          318                          266            84   %
other                                                                9,514                       11,831                      (2,317)          (20)   %
total liabilities                                                  412,638                      360,952                       51,686            14   %
equity total shareholders' equity                                          54,010                       49,314                        4,696            10   %
noncontrolling interests                                                31                           29                            2             7   %
total equity                                                        54,041                       49,343                        4,698            10   %
total liabilities and equity                                      $466,679                     $410,295                      $56,384            14   %
(a)represents our held for sale investment in blackrock. in the second quarter of 2020, pnc divested its entire investment in blackrock. the prior period blackrock investment balance has been reclassified to the asset held for sale line in accordance with asc 205-20, presentation of financial statements - discontinued operations. refer to note 1 accounting policies and note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional details.
(b) amount as of december 31, 2020 reflects the impact of adopting the cecl accounting standard and our transition from an incurred loss methodology for these reserves to an expected credit loss methodology. prior period amounts represent alll under the incurred loss methodology. refer to note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional detail on the adoption of this standard.
our balance sheet was strong and well-positioned at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019.
•total assets increased as a result of higher interest-earning deposits with banks, primarily the federal reserve bank, loan growth and higher investment securities.
•total liabilities increased due to deposit growth reflecting customer liquidity accumulation, partially offset by lower borrowed funds, primarily fhlb borrowings, federal funds purchased and bank notes and senior debt.
•total equity increased due to higher retained earnings driven by the gain on sale of our equity investment in blackrock and higher aoci, partially offset by dividends on common and preferred stock, share repurchases, the day-one effect of adopting the cecl accounting standard and the redemption of our series q preferred stock.
the acl related to loans totaled $5.9 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $2.9 billion since december 31, 2019. the increase was attributable to a $0.6 billion day-one cecl transition adjustment and a $3.1 billion provision for credit losses, partially offset by net charge-offs of $0.8 billion. the provision reflects changes due to the adoption of the cecl standard, together with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and its resulting effects on loan portfolio credit quality and loan growth. see the following for additional information regarding our acl related to loans:
•allowance for credit losses in the credit risk management section of this item 7, and
•note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the following discussion provides additional information about the major components of our balance sheet. information regarding our capital and regulatory compliance is included in the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 and in note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k loans table 7: loans december 31                  december 31                                 change dollars in millions                           2020   2019                                                           $%
commercial commercial and industrial           $132,073                     $125,337                     $6,736             5   %
commercial real estate                28,716                             28,110                  606             2   %
equipment lease financing              6,414                              7,155                (741)          (10)   %
total commercial                     167,203                      160,602                      6,601             4   %
consumer home equity                           24,088                             25,085                (997)           (4)   %
residential real estate               22,560                             21,821                  739             3   %
automobile                            14,218                             16,754              (2,536)          (15)   %
credit card                            6,215                              7,308              (1,093)          (15)   %
education                              2,946                              3,336                (390)          (12)   %
other consumer                         4,698                              4,937                (239)           (5)   %
total consumer                        74,725                       79,241                    (4,516)           (6)   %
total loans                         $241,928                     $239,843                     $2,085             1   %
commercial loans increased primarily due to ppp loan originations and higher multifamily agency warehouse lending, partially offset by lower utilization of loan commitments. at december 31, 2020 pnc had $12.0 billion of ppp loans outstanding.
for commercial and industrial loans by industry and commercial real estate loans by geography and property type, see loan portfolio characteristics and analysis in the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
total consumer loans declined as new originations decreased due to the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and lower consumer spending. education loans declined primarily due to continued runoff of the government guaranteed education loan portfolio. residential mortgage loans increased as the low interest rate environment resulted in an increase in the volume of originations retained by pnc, primarily of nonconforming loans, which are loans that do not meet agency standards as a result of exceeding agency conforming loan limits.
for information on home equity and residential real estate portfolios, including loans by geography, and our auto loan portfolio, see loan portfolio characteristics and analysis in the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
for additional information regarding our loan portfolio, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7 and note 1 accounting policies, note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in our notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
investment securities investment securities of $88.8 billion at december 31, 2020 increased $2.0 billion, or 2%, compared to december 31, 2019, due primarily to net purchases of u.s. treasury and government agency securities, partially offset by portfolio run-off of agency residential mortgage-backed securities.
the level and composition of the investment securities portfolio fluctuates over time based on many factors including market conditions, loan and deposit growth, and balance sheet management activities. we manage our investment securities portfolio to optimize returns, while providing a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering lcr and other internal and external guidelines and constraints. during 2020, $16.2 billion of debt securities were transferred from held to maturity to available for sale pursuant to elections made under recently adopted accounting standards. see further discussion in note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k table 8: investment securities december 31, 2020                             december 31, 2019                                                                                                  ratings (a)
as of december 31, 2020
dollars in millions                                   amortized                        fair         amortized                        fair                 aaa/                  a                  bbb                  bb and                      no cost (b)                       value              cost                       value                   aa                                                           lower                  rating u.s. treasury and government agencies             $20,616                       $21,631         $16,926                       $17,348                  100   %
agency residential mortgage-backed                 47,355                        48,911          50,266                        50,984                  100   %
non-agency residential mortgage-backed              1,272                         1,501           1,648                         1,954                   10   %              1   %                2   %                 48    %                 39    %
agency commercial mortgage-backed                   2,571                         2,688           3,153                         3,178                  100   %
non-agency commercial mortgage-backed (c)           3,678                         3,689           3,782                         3,806                   87   %              1   %                                       5    %                  7    %
asset-backed (d)                                    5,060                         5,150           5,096                         5,166                   92   %              1   %                                       6    %                  1    %
other debt (e)                                      5,061                         5,393           4,580                         4,771                   67   %             21   %               10   %                                          2    %
total investment securities (f)                   $85,613                       $88,963         $85,451                       $87,207                   96   %              1   %                1   %                  1    %                  1    %
(a)ratings percentages allocated based on amortized cost.
(b)amortized cost is presented net of applicable allowance for securities of $82 million at december 31, 2020 in accordance with the adoption of the cecl accounting standard. see the recently adopted accounting standards portion of note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional detail on the cecl accounting standard.
(c)collateralized primarily by office buildings, multifamily housing, industrial properties, retail properties and lodging properties.
(d)collateralized primarily by corporate debt, government guaranteed and private education loans and other consumer credit products.
(e)includes state and municipal securities.
(f)includes available for sale and held to maturity securities, which are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value and amortized cost, respectively.
table 8 presents the distribution of our total investment securities portfolio by amortized cost and fair value, as well as by credit rating. we have included credit ratings information because we believe that the information is an indicator of the degree of credit risk to which we are exposed, which could affect our risk-weighted assets and, therefore, our risk-based regulatory capital ratios under the regulatory capital rules. changes in credit ratings classifications could indicate increased or decreased credit risk and could be accompanied by a reduction or increase in the fair value of our investment securities portfolio. we continually monitor the credit risk in our portfolio and maintain the allowance for securities at an appropriate level to absorb expected credit losses on our investment securities portfolio for the remaining contractual term of the securities adjusted for expected prepayments. see note 1 accounting policies and note 3 investment securities in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for additional details regarding the methodology for determining the allowance and the amount of the allowance for investment securities, respectively.
the duration of investment securities was 2.6 years at december 31, 2020. we estimate that at december 31, 2020 the effective duration of investment securities was 3.1 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel increase in interest rates and 2.0 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel decrease in interest rates. comparable amounts at december 31, 2019 for the effective duration of investment securities were 2.8 years and 2.4 years, respectively.
based on expected prepayment speeds, the weighted-average expected maturity of the investment securities portfolio was 3.4 years at december 31, 2020 compared to 4.1 years at december 31, 2019.
table 9: weighted-average expected maturities of mortgage and asset-backed debt securities december 31, 2020                                years agency residential mortgage-backed             2.9
non-agency residential mortgage-backed         6.0
agency commercial mortgage-backed              4.2
non-agency commercial mortgage-backed          2.5
asset-backed                                   2.4
additional information regarding our investment securities is included in note 3 investment securities and note 15 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k funding sources table 10: details of funding sources december 31                  december 31                                   change dollars in millions                                    2020   2019                                                             $%
deposits noninterest-bearing                          $112,637                      $72,779                      $39,858            55   %
interest-bearing money market                                   59,737                       54,115                        5,622            10   %
demand                                         92,294                       71,692                       20,602            29   %
savings                                        80,985                       68,291                       12,694            19   %
time deposits                                  19,692                       21,663                      (1,971)           (9)   %
total interest-bearing deposits               252,708                      215,761                       36,947            17   %
total deposits                                365,345                      288,540                       76,805            27   %
borrowed funds federal home loan bank borrowings               3,500                       16,341                     (12,841)          (79)   %
bank notes and senior debt                     24,271                       29,010                      (4,739)          (16)   %
subordinated debt                               6,403                        6,134         269                              4   %
other                                           3,021                        8,778                      (5,757)          (66)   %
total borrowed funds                           37,195                       60,263                     (23,068)          (38)   %
total funding sources                        $402,540                     $348,803                      $53,737            15   %
growth in total deposits reflected growth in commercial deposits reflecting pandemic-related accumulation of liquidity by customers and higher consumer deposits driven by government stimulus payments and lower consumer spending.
borrowed funds decreased due to lower fhlb borrowings, federal funds purchased (included in other borrowed funds) and bank notes and senior debt, reflecting the use of liquidity from deposit growth and proceeds from the sale of our equity investment in blackrock.
the level and composition of borrowed funds fluctuates over time based on many factors including market conditions, loan, investment securities and deposit growth and capital considerations. we manage our borrowed funds to provide a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering our lcr requirements and other internal and external guidelines and constraints.
see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for additional information regarding our 2020 liquidity and capital activities. see note 10 borrowed funds in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information related to our borrowings.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity was $54.0 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $4.7 billion, or 10%, compared to december 31, 2019. the increase resulted from net income of $7.6 billion, which included the gain on sale of our equity investment in blackrock, and higher aoci of $2.0 billion, partially offset by common and preferred dividends of $2.2 billion, common share repurchases of $1.4 billion, a day-one transition adjustment of $0.7 billion for the adoption of the cecl accounting standard and $0.5 billion for the redemption of our series q preferred stock.
pnc announced on march 16, 2020 a temporary suspension of our common stock repurchase program in conjunction with the federal reserve's effort to support the u.s. economy during the pandemic, and continued the suspension through the fourth quarter of 2020, consistent with the extension of the federal reserve's special capital distribution restrictions. we repurchased $99 million of common shares in the third quarter to offset the effects of employee benefit plan-related issuances in 2020 as permitted by guidance from the federal reserve. in 2021, our plan is to refrain from share repurchases, excluding employee benefit-related purchases, during the period leading up to our pending bbva transaction close date.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k business segments review we have three reportable business segments:
•retail banking
•corporate & institutional banking
•asset management group business segment results and a description of each business are included in note 23 segment reporting in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. certain amounts included in this business segments review differ from those amounts shown in note 23, primarily due to the presentation in this item 7 of business net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis. note 23 presents results of businesses for 2020, 2019 and 2018.
during the second quarter of 2020, we divested our entire 22.4% investment in blackrock, which had previously been reported as a separate business segment. see note 2 acquisition and divestiture activity in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for additional information on the sale and details on our results and cash flows for 2020, 2019 and 2018.
net interest income in business segment results reflects our internal funds transfer pricing methodology. assets receive a funding charge and liabilities and capital receive a funding credit based on a transfer pricing methodology that incorporates product repricing characteristics, tenor and other factors.
total business segment financial results differ from total consolidated net income. the impact of these differences is reflected in the "other" category as shown in table 114 in note 23 segment reporting in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report. "other" includes residual activities that do not meet the criteria for disclosure as a separate reportable business, such as asset and liability management activities including net securities gains or losses, acl for investment securities, certain trading activities, certain runoff consumer loan portfolios, private equity investments, intercompany eliminations, certain corporate overhead, tax adjustments that are not allocated to business segments, exited businesses, and differences between business segment performance reporting and financial statement reporting (gaap).
see the executive summary of this item 7 for our discussion of the impact of pandemic-related developments on our business and operations, including pandemic relief efforts for our customers. we have granted loan modifications through various hardship relief programs to assist our customers in need during the pandemic. see loan modifications in the troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications section of credit risk management for details on these programs.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k retail banking retail banking's core strategy is to acquire and retain customers who maintain their primary checking and transaction relationships with us. we seek to deepen relationships by meeting the broad range of our customers' financial needs with savings, liquidity, lending, investment and retirement solutions. a strategic priority for us is to differentiate the customer experience and drive transformation and automation. a key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. in addition, we have a disciplined process to continually improve the engagement of both our employees and customers, which is a strong driver of customer growth, retention and relationship expansion.
table 11: retail banking table
(unaudited)
year ended december 31                                                                                                          change dollars in millions, except as noted                    2020                       2019                                $             %
income statement net interest income                               $5,609                     $5,520                      $89                     2   %
noninterest income                                 2,519                      2,648                    (129)                   (5)   %
total revenue                                      8,128                      8,168                     (40)                     -
provision for credit losses                          968                        517                      451                    87   %
noninterest expense                                6,019                      6,011                        8                     -
pretax earnings                                    1,141                      1,640                    (499)                  (30)   %
income taxes                                         266                        377                    (111)                  (29)   %
noncontrolling interest                               31                         50                     (19)                  (38)   %
earnings                                            $844                     $1,213                   $(369)                  (30)   %
average balance sheet loans held for sale                                 $745                       $627                     $118                    19   %
loans consumer home equity                                      $22,633                    $22,657                    $(24)                     -
residential real estate                           18,171                     16,196                    1,975                    12   %
automobile                                        15,968                     15,510                      458                     3   %
credit card                                        6,629                      6,550                       79                     1   %
education                                          3,176                      3,611                    (435)                  (12)   %
other consumer                                     2,334                      2,244                       90                     4   %
total consumer                                    68,911                     66,768                    2,143                     3   %
commercial                                        12,573                     10,410                    2,163                    21   %
total loans                                      $81,484                    $77,178                   $4,306                     6   %
total assets                                     $97,643                    $92,959                   $4,684                     5   %
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                       $39,754                    $31,675                   $8,079                    26   %
interest-bearing demand                           47,557                     42,077                    5,480                    13   %
money market                                      23,436                     25,317                  (1,881)                   (7)   %
savings                                           68,267                     56,722                   11,545                    20   %
certificates of deposit                           11,222                     12,613                  (1,391)                  (11)   %
total deposits                                  $190,236                   $168,404                  $21,832                    13   %
performance ratios return on average assets                            0.86   %                   1.30   %
noninterest income to total revenue                   31   %                     32   %
efficiency                                            74   %                     74   %
(continued on following page)

(continued from previous page)
year ended december 31                                                                                                                                    change dollars in millions, except as noted                                                         2020                     2019                       $             %
supplemental noninterest income information consumer services                                                                      $1,427                   $1,530          $(103)                   (7)   %
residential mortgage                                                                     $604                     $368            $236                    64   %
service charges on deposits                                                              $497                     $687          $(190)                  (28)   %
residential mortgage information residential mortgage servicing statistics (in billions, except as noted) (a)
serviced portfolio balance (b)                                                           $121                     $120              $1                     1   %
serviced portfolio acquisitions                                                           $33                      $12             $21                   175   %
msr asset value (b)                                                                      $0.7                     $1.0          $(0.3)                  (30)   %
msr capitalization value (in basis points) (b)                                             56                       83            (27)                  (33)   %
servicing income: (in millions)
servicing fees, net (c)                                                                  $118                     $178           $(60)                  (34)   %
mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge                               $137                      $47             $90                   191   %
residential mortgage loan statistics loan origination volume (in billions)                                                   $15.1                    $11.5            $3.6                    31   %
loan sale margin percentage                                                              3.57   %                 2.41   %
percentage of originations represented by:
purchase volume (d)                                                                        40   %                   47   %
refinance volume                                                                           60   %                   53   %
other information (b)
customer-related statistics (average)
non-teller deposit transactions (e)                                                        64   %                   57   %
digital consumer customers (f)                                                             74   %                   69   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets                                                                   $1,211                   $1,046            $165                    16   %
net charge-offs - loans and leases                                                       $569                     $534             $35                     7   %
other statistics atms                                                                                    8,900                    9,091           (191)                   (2)   %
branches (g)                                                                            2,162                    2,296           (134)                   (6)   %
brokerage account client assets (in billions) (h)                                         $59                      $54              $5                     9   %
(a)represents mortgage loan servicing balances for third parties and the related income.
(b)presented as of period end, except for average customer-related statistics and net charge-offs, which are both shown for the year ended, respectively.
(c)servicing fees net of impact of decrease in msr value due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan payments, prepayments, and loans that were paid down or paid off during the period.
(d)mortgages with borrowers as part of residential real estate purchase transactions.
(e)percentage of total consumer and business banking deposit transactions processed at an atm or through our mobile banking application.
(f)represents consumer checking relationships that process the majority of their transactions through non-teller channels.
(g)excludes stand-alone mortgage offices and satellite offices (e.g., drive-ups, electronic branches and retirement centers) that provide limited products and/or services.
(h)includes cash and money market balances.
retail banking earned $0.8 billion in 2020 compared with $1.2 billion in 2019. the decrease in earnings was primarily attributable to a higher provision for credit losses and lower noninterest income, partially offset by higher net interest income.
net interest income increased primarily due to wider interest rate spreads on the value of loans, as well as growth in average deposits and average loan balances, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
noninterest income decreased largely due to declines in service charges on deposits as a result of fees waived for customers experiencing pandemic-related hardships and the elimination of certain checking product fees, as well as a decline in consumer services, including merchant services, and credit and debit card. lower noninterest income also reflected the impact of negative derivative fair value adjustments related to visa class b common shares of $195 million in 2020 compared with negative adjustments of $100 million in 2019. these declines were partially offset by growth in residential mortgage revenue attributable to increased loan sales revenue as a result of the low interest rate environment and higher revenue from residential mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k provision for credit losses increased in 2020 compared to 2019 reflecting changes due to the adoption of the cecl accounting standard, together with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic.
noninterest expense increased marginally, primarily as a result of higher personnel, branch-related expenses due in part to the impacts of the pandemic, equipment, and technology costs, partially offset by lower advertising and marketing.
the deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to pnc. in 2020, average total deposits increased compared to 2019 primarily driven by growth in demand and savings deposits which benefited from the impact of government stimulus payments and lower consumer spending due to the pandemic. savings and demand deposits also increased due, in part, to a shift from money market deposits to relationship-based savings products.
retail banking average total loans grew in 2020 compared with 2019:
•average commercial loans increased primarily due to ppp loans.
•average residential real estate loans increased primarily as a result of growth in nonconforming residential mortgages and a robust refinance market driven by historically low interest rates.
•average auto loan balances in 2020 grew at a lower rate than in recent years due to the impacts of the pandemic on auto sales.
•average other consumer loans in 2020 increased at a lower rate than in 2019 as growth in the first quarter of 2020 primarily driven by unsecured installment loan originations through digital channels was muted for the remainder of the year as originations declined in part due to effects of the pandemic and customer behavior.
•average credit card balances increased marginally in 2020 as balance growth in the first quarter of 2020 was largely offset by lower consumer spending for the remainder of the year due to the effects of the pandemic.
•average education loans decreased driven by a decline in the runoff portfolio of government guaranteed education loans.
•average home equity loans decreased as paydowns and payoffs exceeded new originated volume.
in 2018, we launched our national expansion strategy designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and a thin branch network in markets outside of our existing retail branch network and began offering our digital high yield savings deposit product and opened our first solution center in kansas city. solution centers are an emerging branch operating model with a distinctive layout, where routine transactions are supported through a combination of technology and skilled banker assistance to create personalized customer experiences. the primary focus of the solution center is to bring a community element to our digital banking capabilities. the solution center provides a collaborative environment that connects our customers with our digital solutions and services, beyond deposits and withdrawals. following the first solution center opening in 2018, four additional solution centers opened in 2019 with a second in kansas city and three in the dallas/fort worth market. in 2020, we expanded into three new markets, boston, houston and nashville and opened seventeen new solution centers. we also offer digital unsecured installment and small business loans in the expansion markets. beginning in mid-2021, we expect the bbva acquisition will accelerate our retail national expansion efforts to become a coast-to-coast retail bank.
retail banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. we are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking and investment products. retail banking continued to execute on its strategy of transforming the customer experience through transaction channel migration, branch network and home lending process transformations and multi-channel engagement and service strategies. we are also continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased and have closed 162 branches in 2020.
•approximately 74% of consumer customers used non-teller channels for the majority of their transactions in 2020 compared with 69% in 2019, in part reflecting consumer transaction behavior changes during the pandemic.
•deposit transactions via atm and mobile channels increased to 64% of total deposit transactions in 2020 from 57% in 2019, in part reflecting consumer transaction behavior changes during the pandemic.
retail banking continues to make progress on its multi-year initiative to redesign the home lending process, including integrating mortgage and home equity lending into a common platform. technology enhancements supported increased residential mortgage origination volume. in addition, we enhanced the home equity origination process to make it easier and to reach additional customers by offering the product in new states. the enhanced product is currently available in forty-three states and we are moving toward offering the product in most of the remaining states in 2021. additional improvements for both mortgage and home equity are planned to continue throughout 2021.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k corporate & institutional banking corporate & institutional banking's strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through the economic cycles. we aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. we continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive.
table 12: corporate & institutional banking table
(unaudited)
year ended december 31                                                                                                                                              change dollars in millions                                                                         2020                       2019                                $             %
income statement net interest income                                                                   $4,049                     $3,714                     $335                     9   %
noninterest income                                                                     3,062                      2,537                      525                    21   %
total revenue                                                                          7,111                      6,251                      860                    14   %
provision for credit losses                                                            2,088                        284                    1,804                   635   %
noninterest expense                                                                    2,856                      2,813                       43                     2   %
pretax earnings                                                                        2,167                      3,154                    (987)                  (31)   %
income taxes                                                                             483                        706                    (223)                  (32)   %
noncontrolling interest                                                                   10                                                  10                         *
earnings                                                                              $1,674                     $2,448                   $(774)                  (32)   %
average balance sheet loans held for sale                                                                     $762                       $505                     $257                    51   %
loans commercial commercial and industrial                                                           $125,426                   $112,809                  $12,617                    11   %
commercial real estate                                                                27,180                     26,340                      840                     3   %
equipment lease financing                                                              6,813                      7,255                    (442)                   (6)   %
total commercial                                                                     159,419                    146,404                   13,015                     9   %
consumer                                                                                  10                         15                      (5)                  (33)   %
total loans                                                                         $159,429                   $146,419                  $13,010                     9   %
total assets                                                                        $183,189                   $164,243                  $18,946                    12   %
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                                                           $53,681                    $39,141                  $14,540                    37   %
interest-bearing demand                                                               26,838                     19,487                    7,351                    38   %
money market                                                                          34,959                     28,091                    6,868                    24   %
other                                                                                  8,825                      6,676                    2,149                    32   %
total deposits                                                                      $124,303                    $93,395                  $30,908                    33   %
performance ratios return on average assets                                                                0.91   %                   1.49   %
noninterest income to total revenue                                                       43   %                     41   %
efficiency                                                                                40   %                     45   %
other information consolidated revenue from: (a)
treasury management (b)                                                               $1,884                     $1,866                      $18                     1   %
capital markets (b)                                                                   $1,607                     $1,140                     $467                    41   %
commercial mortgage banking activities:
commercial mortgage loans held for sale (c)                                             $162                        $97                      $65                    67   %
commercial mortgage loan servicing income (d)                                            294                        261                       33                    13   %
commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge (e)                 72                         19                       53                   279   %
total                                                                                   $528                       $377                     $151                    40   %
msr asset value (f)                                                                     $569                       $649                    $(80)                  (12)   %
average loans by c&amp;ib business corporate banking                                                                    $81,977                    $74,016                   $7,961                    11   %
real estate                                                                           40,381                     37,149                    3,232                     9   %
business credit                                                                       22,589                     22,586                        3                     -
commercial banking                                                                    10,415                      7,984                    2,431                    30   %
other                                                                                  4,067                      4,684                    (617)                  (13)   %
total average loans                                                                 $159,429                   $146,419                  $13,010                     9   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets (f)                                                                $827                       $444                     $383                    86   %
net charge-offs - loans and leases                                                      $280                       $105                     $175                   167   %
* - not meaningful
(a)see the additional revenue discussion regarding treasury management, capital markets-related products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities in the product revenue section of this corporate & institutional banking section.
(b)amounts are reported in net interest income and noninterest income.
(c)represents other noninterest income for valuations on commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related commitments, derivative valuations, originations fees, gains on sale of loans held for sale and net interest income on loans held for sale.

(d)represents net interest income and noninterest income (primarily in corporate service fees) from loan servicing net of reduction in commercial mortgage servicing rights due to amortization expense and payoffs. commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge is shown separately.
(e)amounts are reported in corporate service fees.
(f)as of december 31.
corporate & institutional banking earned $1.7 billion in 2020 compared to $2.4 billion in 2019, as higher provision for credit losses was partially offset by higher revenue.
net interest income increased in the comparison primarily due to higher average loan and deposit balances and wider interest rate spreads on the value of loans, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
growth in noninterest income in the comparison reflected broad-based increases including higher capital markets-related revenue, revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities and treasury management product revenue.
provision for credit losses increased in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily reflecting changes due to the adoption of the cecl accounting standard, together with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and its resulting effects on loan portfolio credit quality.
nonperforming assets at december 31, 2020 and net loan and lease charge-offs for 2020 increased over the comparative periods of 2019 primarily related to industries economically impacted by the pandemic.
noninterest expense increased in the comparison largely due to higher variable costs associated with increased business activity and investments in strategic initiatives.
average loans increased compared with 2019 due to strong growth in corporate banking, pnc real estate and commercial banking:
•corporate banking provides lending, equipment financing, treasury management and capital markets-related products and services to mid-sized and large corporations, and government and not-for-profit entities. average loans for this business grew reflecting new production, including ppp loan originations, partially offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments.
•pnc real estate provides banking, financing and servicing solutions for commercial real estate clients across the country. average loans for this business increased primarily driven by higher commercial mortgage and multifamily agency warehouse lending, partially offset by project loan payoffs.
•commercial banking provides lending, treasury management and capital markets-related products and services to smaller corporations and businesses. average loans for this business increased primarily driven by ppp loan originations, partially offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments.
•business credit provides asset-based lending and equipment financing solutions. the loan and lease portfolio is relatively high yielding, with acceptable risk as the loans are mainly secured by marketable collateral. average loans for this business were relatively unchanged as new originations were mostly offset by lower average utilization of loan commitments.
the deposit strategy of corporate & institutional banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances over time, executing on customer and segment-specific deposit growth strategies and continuing to provide funding and liquidity to pnc. average total deposits increased in the comparison reflecting customers maintaining liquidity due to the economic impacts of the pandemic. we continue to actively monitor the interest rate environment and make adjustments in response to evolving market conditions, bank funding needs and client relationship dynamics.
corporate & institutional banking continues to expand its corporate banking business, focused on the middle market and larger sectors. we executed on our expansion plans into the seattle and portland markets in 2020, and in 2021, we expect the bbva acquisition to accelerate our expansion efforts across the southwest, but this has not changed our strategy regarding our de novo expansion efforts. this follows offices opened in boston and phoenix in 2019, denver, houston and nashville in 2018, and dallas, kansas city and minneapolis in 2017. these locations complement corporate & institutional banking national businesses with a significant presence in these cities, and build on past successes in the markets where pnc's retail banking presence was limited, such as in the southeast. our full suite of commercial products and services is offered in these locations.
product revenue in addition to credit and deposit products for commercial customers, corporate & institutional banking offers other services, including treasury management, capital markets-related products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities, for customers of all business segments. on a consolidated basis, the revenue from these other services is included in net interest income, corporate service fees and other noninterest income. from a business perspective, the majority of the revenue and expense related to these services is reflected in the corporate & institutional banking segment results and the remainder is reflected in the results of other businesses. the other information section in table 12 includes the consolidated revenue to pnc for these services. a discussion of the consolidated revenue from these services follows.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the treasury management business provides payables, receivables, deposit and account services, liquidity and investments, and online and mobile banking products and services to our clients. treasury management revenue is reported in noninterest income and net interest income. noninterest income includes treasury management product revenue less earnings credits provided to customers on compensating deposit balances used to pay for products and services. net interest income primarily includes revenue from all treasury management customer deposit balances. compared with 2019, treasury management revenue increased primarily due to higher deposit balances and product revenue, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
capital markets-related products and services include foreign exchange, derivatives, securities underwriting, loan syndications, mergers and acquisitions advisory and equity capital markets advisory related services. the increase in capital markets-related revenue in the comparison was broad-based across most products and services and included higher credit valuations and fees on customer-related derivatives activities, underwriting fees, equity capital market advisory fees and asset-backed financing fees.
commercial mortgage banking activities include revenue derived from commercial mortgage servicing (both net interest income and noninterest income) and revenue derived from commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related hedges. total revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities increased in the comparison due to higher revenue across all activities.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k asset management group asset management group is focused on being a premier bank-held individual and institutional asset manager in each of the markets it serves. the business seeks to deliver high quality banking, trust and investment management services to our high net worth, ultra high net worth and institutional client sectors through a broad array of products and services. asset management group's priorities are to serve our clients' financial objectives, grow and deepen customer relationships and deliver solid financial performance with prudent risk and expense management.
table 13: asset management group table
(unaudited)
year ended december 31                                                                                                                        change dollars in millions, except as noted                                    2020                     2019                                $             %
income statement net interest income                                                 $357                     $288                      $69                    24   %
noninterest income                                                   854                      991                    (137)                  (14)   %
total revenue                                                      1,211                    1,279                     (68)                   (5)   %
provision for (recapture of) credit losses                            21                      (1)                       22                         *
noninterest expense                                                  858                      939                     (81)                   (9)   %
pretax earnings                                                      332                      341                      (9)                   (3)   %
income taxes                                                          77                       79                      (2)                   (3)   %
earnings                                                            $255                     $262                     $(7)                   (3)   %
average balance sheet loans consumer residential real estate                                           $2,832                   $1,923                     $909                    47   %
other consumer                                                     4,042                    4,232                    (190)                   (4)   %
total consumer                                                     6,874                    6,155                      719                    12   %
commercial                                                           831                      759                       72                     9   %
total loans                                                       $7,705                   $6,914                     $791                    11   %
total assets                                                      $8,186                   $7,360                     $826                    11   %
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                                        $1,568                   $1,360                     $208                    15   %
interest-bearing demand                                            7,777                    4,060                    3,717                    92   %
money market                                                       1,613                    1,832                    (219)                  (12)   %
savings                                                            7,307                    6,216                    1,091                    18   %
other                                                                650                      822                    (172)                  (21)   %
total deposits                                                   $18,915                  $14,290                   $4,625                    32   %
performance ratios return on average assets                                            3.12   %                 3.56   %
noninterest income to total revenue                                   71   %                   77   %
efficiency                                                            71   %                   73   %
supplemental noninterest income information asset management fees                                               $836                     $862                    $(26)                   (3)   %
other information nonperforming assets (a)                                             $66                      $39                      $27                    69   %
net charge-offs - loans and leases                                    $1                       $5                     $(4)                  (80)   %
client assets under administration (in billions) (a) (b)
discretionary client assets under management                        $170                     $154                      $16                    10   %
nondiscretionary client assets under administration                  154                      143                       11                     8   %
total                                                               $324                     $297                      $27                     9   %
discretionary client assets under management personal                                                            $108                      $99                       $9                     9   %
institutional                                                         62                       55                        7                    13   %
total                                                               $170                     $154                      $16                    10   %
* - not meaningful
(a)as of december 31.
(b)excludes brokerage account client assets.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k asset management group earned $255 million in 2020 compared with $262 million in 2019. earnings decreased primarily due to lower revenue and an increase in provision for credit losses, partially offset by a decrease in noninterest expense.
net interest income increased due to growth in average loan and deposit balances and wider interest rate spreads on loans, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
noninterest income decreased due to lower asset management fees resulting from the impact of 2019 divestiture activities and the gains recognized on the retirement recordkeeping and the pnc capital advisors investment management business divestitures in the prior period. this decline was partially offset by increases in the average equity markets.
noninterest expense decreased in the comparison and was primarily attributable to the impact of the 2019 divestitures and lower variable costs.
provision for credit losses increased reflecting changes due to the adoption of the cecl accounting standard, together with the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic.
asset management group's discretionary client assets under management increased in comparison to the prior year primarily attributable to higher equity markets as of december 31, 2020.
the asset management group strives to be the leading relationship-based provider of investment, planning, banking and fiduciary services to wealthy individuals and institutions by proactively delivering value-added ideas, solutions and exceptional service.
wealth management and hawthorn have nearly 100 offices operating in six out of the ten most affluent states in the u.s. with a majority co-located with retail banking branches. the businesses provide customized investments, planning, trust and estate administration and private banking solutions to affluent individuals and ultra-affluent families.
institutional asset management provides outsourced chief investment officer, custody, private real estate, cash and fixed income client solutions, and fiduciary retirement advisory services to institutional clients including corporations, healthcare systems, insurance companies, unions, municipalities, and non-profits.
we expect that the bbva acquisition will allow meaningful opportunities to grow the asset management group segment by entering into new markets for both the wealth management and institutional asset management businesses.
risk management enterprise risk management we encounter risk as part of the normal course of operating our business. accordingly, we design our risk governance framework, referred to as the (erm) framework, and risk management processes to help manage this risk. we manage risk in light of our risk appetite to optimize long-term shareholder value while supporting our employees, customers and communities.
our erm framework is structurally aligned with enhanced prudential standards and heightened standards which establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk governance framework. this risk management section describes our erm framework which consists of seven core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. the seven core components are risk culture, enterprise strategy (including risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing), risk governance and oversight, risk identification, risk assessments, risk controls and monitoring, and risk aggregation and reporting (see the figure below). the overall risk management section of this item 7 also provides an analysis of the firm's capital management and our key areas of risk, which include but are not limited to credit, market, liquidity and operational (including compliance and information security). our use of financial derivatives as part of our overall asset and liability risk management process is also addressed within this risk management section.
we operate within a rapidly evolving regulatory environment. accordingly, we are actively focused on the timely adoption of applicable regulatory pronouncements within our erm framework.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k risk culture a strong risk culture helps us make well-informed decisions, ensures individuals conform to the established culture, reduces an individual's ability to do something for personal gain, and rewards employees working toward a common goal rather than individual interests. our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. these protocols are especially critical in terms of our risk awareness, risk-taking behavior and risk management practices.
managing risk is every employee's responsibility. all of our employees individually and collectively are responsible for ensuring the organization is performing with the utmost integrity, is applying sound risk management practices and is striving to achieve our stated objectives rather than pursuing individual interests. all employees are also responsible for understanding our enterprise risk appetite statement, the erm framework and how risk management applies to their respective roles and responsibilities. employees are encouraged to collaborate across groups to identify and mitigate risks and elevate issues as required. we reinforce risk management responsibilities through a performance management system where employee performance goals include risk management objectives and incentives for employees to reinforce balanced measures of risk-adjusted performance.
proactive and open communication, between groups and up to the board of directors, facilitates timely identification and resolution of risk issues. our multi-level risk committee structure provides formal channels to identify and report risk.
enterprise strategy we ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing processes. these components are reviewed and approved at least annually by the board of directors.
risk appetite: our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. the enterprise risk appetite statement qualitatively describes the aggregate level of risk we are willing to accept in order to execute our business strategies. qualitative guiding principles further define each of the risks within our taxonomy to support the risk appetite statement. risk appetite metrics and limits, including forward-looking metrics, quantitatively measure whether we are operating within our stated risk appetite. our risk appetite metrics reflect material risks, align with our established risk appetite framework, balance risk and reward, leverage analytics, and adjust in a timely manner to changes in the external and internal risk environments.
strategic planning: our enterprise and line of business strategic plans outline major objectives, strategies and goals which are expected to be achieved over the next five years while seeking to ensure we remain compliant with all capital, risk appetite and liquidity targets and guidelines. our ceo and cfo lead the development of the corporate strategic plan, the strategic objectives and the comprehensive identification of material risks that could hinder successful implementation and execution of strategies. strategic planning is linked to our risk management and capital planning processes.
capital planning and stress testing: capital planning helps to ensure we are maintaining safe and sound operations and viability. the capital planning process and the resulting capital plan evolve as our overall risks, activities and risk management practices change. capital planning aligns with our strategic planning process. stress testing is an essential element of the capital planning process. effective stress testing enables us to consider the estimated effect on capital of various hypothetical scenarios.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k risk governance and oversight we employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to help ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return, and risks are adequately monitored and managed. risk committees established within this risk governance and oversight framework provide oversight for risk management activities at the board of directors, executive, corporate and business levels. committee composition is designed to provide effective oversight balanced across the three lines of defense in accordance with the occ's heightened risk management and governance standards and guidelines and the federal reserve board's enhanced prudential standards rules. see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report for more information.
to ensure the appropriate risks are being taken and effectively managed and controlled, risk is managed across three lines of defense. the board of directors' and each line of defense's responsibilities are detailed below:
board of directors - the board of directors oversees our risk-taking activities, holds management accountable for adhering to the erm framework and is responsible for exercising sound, independent judgment when assessing risk.
first line of defense - the front line units are accountable for identifying, owning and managing risks to within acceptable levels while adhering to the erm framework. our businesses strive to enhance risk management and internal control processes within their areas. integrated and comprehensive processes are designed to adequately manage the business' risk profile and risk appetite through identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting risks which may significantly impact each business.
second line of defense - the second line of defense is independent from the first line of defense and is responsible for establishing the risk governance framework and the standards by each independent risk area for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting aggregate risks. as the second line of defense, the independent risk areas monitor the risks generated by the first line of defense, review and challenge the implementation of effective risk management practices, and report any issues or exceptions. the risk areas help to ensure processes and controls owned by the businesses are designed and operating as intended, and they may intervene directly in modifying and developing first line of defense risk processes and controls.
third line of defense - as the third line of defense, internal audit is independent from the first and second lines of defense. internal audit provides the board of directors and executive management comprehensive assurance on the effectiveness of the erm framework and the risk management practices across the organization.
within the three lines of defense, the independent risk organization has sufficient authority to influence material decisions. our business oversight and decision-making is supported through a governance structure at the board of directors and management level. specific responsibilities include:
board of directors - our board of directors oversees our business and affairs as managed by our officers and employees. the board of directors may receive assistance in carrying out its duties and may delegate authority through the following standing committees:
•audit committee: monitors the integrity of our consolidated financial statements; monitors internal control over financial reporting; monitors compliance with our code of ethics; evaluates and monitors the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors; and evaluates and monitors the performance of our internal audit function and our independent auditors.
•nominating and governance committee: oversees the implementation of sound corporate governance principles and practices while promoting our best interests and those of our shareholders.
•personnel and compensation committee: oversees the compensation of our executive officers and other specified responsibilities related to personnel and compensation matters affecting us. the committee is also responsible for evaluating the relationship between risk-taking activities and incentive compensation plans.
•risk committee: oversees enterprise-wide risk structure and the processes established to identify, measure, monitor and manage the organization's risks and evaluates and approves our risk governance framework. the risk committee has formed a technology subcommittee and a compliance subcommittee to facilitate board-level oversight of risk management in these areas.
in 2020, the board created the special committee on equity & inclusion, which assists the board in its oversight of management's equity and inclusion efforts, internally and externally, focusing on our systemic processes (including for employees and suppliers); low and moderate income communities (including community development banking, and product offerings and financial support for such communities); and advocacy (including partnerships with leading organizations, and advocacy for necessary structural changes to help provide greater access to the banking system and end systemic racism).
management level executive committee - the management level executive committee is responsible for guiding the creation and execution of our business strategy across the company. with this responsibility, the management level executive committee executes various strategic approval and review activities, with a focus on capital deployment, business performance and risk management. this committee also helps ensure pnc is staffed with sufficient resources and talent to operate within its risk appetite.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k corporate committees - the corporate committees generally operate based on the delegated approval authority from a board-level committee, the management level executive committee or other corporate committees. these committees operate at the senior management level and are designed to facilitate the review, evaluation, oversight and approval of key risk activities.
working committees - the working committees generally operate on delegated approval authority from a corporate committee, other working committees or provide oversight of regulatory/legal matters. working committees are intended to assist in the implementation of key enterprise-level activities within a business or function and support the oversight of the businesses key risk activities.
transactional committees - transactional committees generally operate based on delegated approval authority from a corporate or working committee to approve individual transactions, transactional related activities or movements on the organization's balance sheet.
policies and procedures - we have established risk management policies and procedures to support our erm framework, articulate our risk culture, define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities and to provide direction, guidance and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. these policies and procedures are organized in a multi-tiered framework and require periodic review and approval by relevant committees or management.
risk identification risk identification takes place across a variety of risk types throughout the organization. these risk types include, but are not limited to, credit, liquidity and capital, market, operational and compliance. risks are identified based on a balanced use of analytical tools and management judgment for both on- and off-balance sheet exposures. our governance structure supports risk identification by facilitating assessment of key risk issues, emerging risks and idiosyncratic risks and implementation of mitigation strategies as appropriate. these risks are prioritized based on quantitative and qualitative analysis and assessed against the risk appetite. multiple tools and approaches are used to help identify and prioritize risks, including risk appetite metrics, key risk indicators, key performance indicators, risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, stress testing and special investigations.
risks are aggregated and assessed within and across risk functions or businesses. the aggregated risk information is reviewed and reported at an enterprise level for adherence to the risk appetite framework and approved by the board of directors or by appropriate committees. this enterprise aggregation and reporting approach promotes the identification and appropriate escalation of material risks across the organization and supports an understanding of the cumulative impact of risk in relation to our risk appetite.
risk assessment once risks are identified, they are evaluated based on quantitative and qualitative analysis to determine whether they are material. risk assessments support the overall management of an effective erm framework and allow us to control and monitor our actual risk level and risk management effectiveness through the use of risk measures. comprehensive, accurate and timely assessments of risk are essential to an effective erm framework. effective risk measurement practices will uncover recurring risks that have been experienced in the past; make the known risks easy to monitor, understand, compare and report; and reveal unanticipated risks that may not be easy to understand or predict.
risk controls and monitoring our erm framework consists of policies, processes, personnel and control systems. risk controls and limits provide the linkage from our risk appetite statement and associated guiding principles to the risk-taking activities of our businesses. in addition to risk appetite limits, a system of more detailed internal controls exists which oversees and monitors our various processes and functions. these control systems measure performance, help employees make correct decisions, help ensure information is accurate and reliable and document compliance with laws and regulations.
we design our monitoring and evaluation of risks and controls to provide assurance that policies, procedures and controls are effective and also to result in the identification of control improvement recommendations. risk monitoring is a daily, ongoing process used by both the first and second line of defense to ensure compliance with our erm framework. risk monitoring is accomplished in many ways, including performing risk assessments at the prime process and risk assessment unit level, monitoring an area's key controls, the timely reporting of issues, and establishing a quality control and/or quality assurance function, as applicable.
risk aggregation and reporting risk reporting is a comprehensive way to: (i) aggregate risks; (ii) identify concentrations; (iii) help ensure we remain within our established risk appetite; (iv) serve as a basis for monitoring our risk profile in relation to our risk appetite and (v) communicate risks to the board of directors and executive management.
risk reports are produced at the line of business, functional risk and enterprise levels. the enterprise level risk report aggregates risks identified in the risk area reports and in the business reports to define the enterprise risk profile. the enterprise risk profile is a point-in-time assessment of enterprise risk and represents our overall risk position in relation to the desired enterprise risk appetite. the the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k determination of the enterprise risk profile is based on analysis of quantitative reporting of risk limits and other measures along with qualitative assessments. quarterly aggregation of risk reports from the risk areas and lines of business to inform our risk profile enables a clear view of our risk level relative to our quantitative risk appetite. the enterprise level report is provided through the governance structure to the risk committee of the board of directors.
each individual risk report includes an assessment of inherent risk, quality of risk management, residual risk, risk appetite and risk outlook. the enterprise level risk report includes an aggregate view of risks identified in the individual report and provides a summary of our overall risk profile compared to our risk appetite.
credit risk management credit risk represents the possibility that a customer, counterparty or issuer may not perform in accordance with contractual terms. credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. credit risk is one of our most significant risks. our processes for managing credit risk are designed to be embedded in our risk culture and in our decision-making processes using a systematic approach whereby credit risks and related exposures are identified and assessed, managed through specific policies and processes, measured and evaluated against our risk appetite and credit concentration limits, and reported, along with specific mitigation activities, to management and the board of directors through our governance structure. our most significant concentration of credit risk is in our loan portfolio.
loan portfolio characteristics and analysis table 14: details of loans in billions we use several credit quality indicators, as further detailed in note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report, to monitor and measure our exposure to credit risk within our loan portfolio. the following provides additional information about the significant loan classes that comprise our commercial and consumer portfolio segments.
commercial environmental and social risks are incorporated into the transaction and portfolio management policies and procedures that govern our underwriting and portfolio management practices. all corporate & institutional banking transactions are subject to an environmental and social risk management assessment designed to help us better identify and mitigate environmental, human rights and other social risks early in the credit application process. transactions identified as having a potential environmental, human rights or other social risk are evaluated to determine whether enhanced due diligence is warranted. we have also chosen to limit new originations in sectors that are no longer consistent with our strategic direction, such as mountain-top removal coal mining and private prisons. we periodically review environmental and social risk topics in pnc's credit portfolio strategy committee, and outcomes of these reviews may result in changes to our due diligence, origination requirements, or limits on credit exposure. our approach to identifying environmental and social risks is regularly reviewed by senior management and overseen by our board of directors. pnc will continue to refine its approach as banking conditions, regulatory requirements, investors' perspectives and our strategic direction evolve.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k commercial and industrial commercial and industrial loans comprised 55% and 52% of our total loan portfolio at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the majority of our commercial and industrial loans are secured by collateral that provides a secondary source of repayment for the loan should the borrower experience cash generation difficulties. examples of this collateral include short-term assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory and securities, and long-lived assets, such as equipment, real estate and other business assets.
we actively manage our commercial and industrial loans to assess any changes (both positive and negative) in the level of credit risk at both the borrower and portfolio level. to evaluate the level of credit risk, we assign internal risk ratings reflecting our estimates of the borrower's pd and lgd for each related credit facility. this two-dimensional credit risk rating methodology provides granularity in the risk monitoring process and is updated on an ongoing basis through our credit risk management processes. in addition to monitoring the level of credit risk, we also monitor concentrations of credit risk pertaining to both specific industries and geography that may exist in our portfolio. our commercial and industrial portfolio is well-diversified as shown in the following table which provides a breakout by industry classification (classified based on the naics).
table 15: commercial and industrial loans by industry december 31, 2020                                december 31, 2019
dollars in millions                                    amount                    % of total             amount                    % of total commercial and industrial manufacturing                                    $20,712                           16     %       $21,540                           17     %
retail/wholesale trade                            20,218                           15              21,565                           17
service providers                                 19,419                           15              16,112                           13
financial services                                14,909                           11              11,318                            9
real estate related (a)                           13,369                           10              12,346                           10
health care                                        8,987                            7               8,035                            6
transportation and warehousing                     7,095                            5               7,474                            6
other industries                                  27,364                           21              26,947                           22
total commercial and industrial loans           $132,073                          100     %      $125,337                          100     %
(a) represents loans to customers in the real estate and construction industries.
commercial and industrial loan growth at december 31, 2020 primarily reflects the impact of ppp lending under the cares act and higher multifamily agency warehouse lending, partially offset by lower utilization of loan commitments. at december 31, 2020 pnc had $12.0 billion of ppp loans outstanding. see the commercial high impact industries discussion within this credit risk management section for additional discussion of the impact of covid-19 on our commercial portfolio and how we are evaluating and monitoring the portfolio for elevated levels of credit risk.
commercial real estate commercial real estate loans comprised $17.3 billion related to commercial mortgages, $6.3 billion of real estate project loans and $5.1 billion of intermediate term financing loans as of december 31, 2020. comparable amounts were $17.0 billion, $5.6 billion and $5.5 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2019.
we monitor credit risk associated with our commercial real estate loans similar to commercial and industrial loans by analyzing pd and lgd. additionally, risks associated with these types of credit activities tend to be correlated to the loan structure, collateral location, project progress and business environment. these attributes are also monitored and utilized in assessing credit risk. the portfolio is geographically diverse due to the nature of our business involving clients throughout the u.s.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the following table presents our commercial real estate loans by geography and property type:
table 16: commercial real estate loans by geography and property type december 31, 2020                                       december 31, 2019
dollars in millions                               amount                    % of total                    amount                    % of total geography (a)
california                                   $4,458                           16     %               $4,393                           16     %
florida                                       2,991                           10                      2,557                            9
texas                                         2,031                            7                      1,717                            6
maryland                                      1,770                            6                      1,889                            7
virginia                                      1,586                            6                      1,547                            6
pennsylvania                                  1,425                            5                      1,310                            4
ohio                                          1,247                            4                      1,307                            4
new jersey                                    1,117                            4                      1,106                            4
illinois                                        900                            3                      1,001                            4
georgia                                         859                            3                        876                            3
other                                        10,332                           36                     10,407                           37
total commercial real estate loans          $28,716                          100     %              $28,110                          100     %
property type multifamily                                  $9,617                           33     %               $9,003                           32     %
office                                        7,691                           27                      7,641                           27
retail                                        3,490                           12                      3,702                           13
industrial/warehouse                          1,999                            7                      2,003                            7
hotel/motel                                   1,954                            7                      1,813                            7
seniors housing                               1,417                            5                      1,123                            4
mixed use                                       835                            3                        943                            3
other                                         1,713                            6                      1,882                            7
total commercial real estate loans          $28,716                          100     %              $28,110                          100     %
(a) presented in descending order based on loan balances at december 31, 2020.
commercial high impact industries in light of the current economic circumstances related to covid-19, we are evaluating and monitoring our entire commercial portfolio for elevated levels of credit risk; however, the industry sectors that have been and we believe will continue to be most likely impacted by the effects of the pandemic are:
•non-real estate related
•leisure recreation: restaurants, casinos, hotels, convention centers
•non-essential retail: retail excluding auto, gas, staples
•healthcare facilities: elective, private practices
•consumer services: religious organizations, childcare
•leisure travel: cruise, airlines, other travel/transportation
•other impacted areas: shipping, senior living, specialty education
•real estate related
•non-essential retail and restaurants: malls, lifestyle centers, outlets, restaurants
•hotel: full service, limited service, extended stay
•seniors housing: assisted living, independent living as of december 31, 2020, our outstanding loan balances in these industries totaled $17.2 billion, or approximately 7% of our total loan portfolio, while additional unfunded loan commitments totaled $11.2 billion. we continue to carefully monitor and manage these loans, and while we have not yet experienced material charge-offs in these industries, we do expect to see further stress.
in our non-real estate related category we have $9.7 billion in loans outstanding, $1.9 billion of which are funded through the ppp and guaranteed by the sba under the cares act. nonperforming loans in these industries totaled $0.1 billion, or 1% of total loans outstanding in the non-real estate related category, while criticized assets totaled $1.3 billion at december 31, 2020 with the greatest stress seen in the leisure recreation and leisure travel sectors.
within the real estate related category we have $7.5 billion in loans outstanding, which includes real estate projects of $5.0 billion and unsecured real estate of $2.5 billion. nonperforming loans in this category totaled $0.2 billion at december 31, 2020, or 3% of total the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k loans outstanding in the commercial real estate related category, driven primarily by loans related to two real estate investment trusts. in this category, we continue to see substantial stress in the non-essential retail and hotel segments.
oil and gas loan portfolio we are also monitoring our oil and gas portfolio closely for elevated levels of credit risk given the continued pressures on the energy industry. as of december 31, 2020, our outstanding loans in the oil and gas sector totaled $3.4 billion, or 1% of total loans, which included $0.1 billion funded through the ppp and guaranteed by the sba under the cares act. this portfolio comprised approximately $1.6 billion in the midstream and downstream sectors, $0.9 billion of oil services companies and $0.9 billion related to exploration and production companies. of the oil services category, approximately $0.2 billion is not asset-based or investment grade. nonperforming loans in the oil and gas sector as of december 31, 2020 totaled $0.2 billion, or 6% of total loans outstanding in this sector. additional unfunded loan commitments for the oil and gas portfolio totaled $7.1 billion at december 31, 2020.
consumer home equity home equity loans comprised $12.6 billion of primarily variable-rate home equity lines of credit and $11.5 billion of closed-end home equity installment loans at december 31, 2020. comparable amounts were $13.9 billion and $11.2 billion, as of december 31, 2019, respectively.
we track borrower performance monthly, including obtaining original ltvs, updated fico scores at least quarterly, updated ltvs at least quarterly, and other credit metrics at least quarterly, including the historical performance of any related mortgage loans regardless of whether we hold the lien. we also segment the population into pools based on product type (e.g., home equity loans, brokered home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, brokered home equity lines of credit). this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon the loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv, lien position and geographic concentration.
the credit quality of newly originated loans in 2020 was strong overall with a weighted-average ltv on originations of 67% and a weighted-average fico score of 776.
the credit performance of the majority of the home equity portfolio where we hold the first lien position is superior to the portion of the portfolio where we hold the second lien position, but do not hold the first lien. lien position information is generally determined at the time of origination and monitored on an ongoing basis for risk management purposes. we use an industry-leading third-party service provider to obtain updated loan information, including lien and collateral data that is aggregated from public and private sources.
the following table presents our home equity loans by geography and lien type:
table 17: home equity loans by geography and by lien type december 31, 2020                                       december 31, 2019
dollars in millions                   amount                    % of total                    amount                    % of total geography (a)
pennsylvania                     $5,602                           23     %               $5,812                           23     %
new jersey                        3,462                           14                      3,728                           15
ohio                              2,753                           11                      2,899                           12
florida                           1,536                            6                      1,340                            5
illinois                          1,411                            6                      1,544                            6
michigan                          1,398                            6                      1,371                            5
maryland                          1,332                            6                      1,420                            6
north carolina                    1,043                            4                      1,092                            4
kentucky                            922                            4                        990                            4
indiana                             813                            3                        820                            3
other                             3,816                           17                      4,069                           17
total home equity loans         $24,088                          100     %              $25,085                          100     %
lien type
1st lien                                                          63     %                                                59     %
2nd lien                                                          37                                                      41
total                                                            100     %                                               100     %
(a) presented in descending order based on loan balances at december 31, 2020.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k residential real estate residential real estate loans primarily consisted of residential mortgage loans at both december 31, 2020 and 2019.
we track borrower performance of this portfolio monthly similarly to home equity loans. we also segment the mortgage portfolio into pools based on product type (e.g., nonconforming, conforming). this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv and geographic concentrations. loan performance is evaluated by source originators and loan servicers.
the credit quality of newly originated loans that we retained on our balance sheet in 2020 was strong overall as evidenced by a weighted-average ltv on originations of 67% and a weighted-average fico score of 775.
the following table presents our residential real estate loans by geography:
table 18: residential real estate loans by geography december 31, 2020                                       december 31, 2019
dollars in millions                               amount                    % of total                    amount                    % of total geography (a)
california                                   $7,828                           35     %               $6,800                           31     %
new jersey                                    1,635                            7                      1,779                            8
florida                                       1,620                            7                      1,580                            7
washington                                    1,104                            5                        646                            3
illinois                                      1,039                            5                      1,118                            5
pennsylvania                                  1,036                            5                      1,113                            5
new york                                      1,020                            5                      1,008                            5
virginia                                        864                            4                        868                            4
maryland                                        857                            4                        923                            4
north carolina                                  796                            4                        877                            4
other                                         4,761                           19                      5,109                           24
total residential real estate loans         $22,560                          100     %              $21,821                          100     %
(a) presented in descending order based on loan balances at december 31, 2020.
we originate residential mortgage loans nationwide through our national mortgage business as well as within our branch network. residential mortgage loans underwritten to agency standards, including conforming loan amount limits, are typically sold with servicing retained by us. we also originate nonconforming residential mortgage loans that do not meet agency standards, which we retain on our balance sheet. the originated nonconforming residential mortgage portfolio had strong credit quality at december 31, 2020 with an average original ltv of 69% and an average original fico score of 775. our portfolio of originated nonconforming residential mortgage loans totaled $17.9 billion at december 31, 2020 with 41% located in california.
automobile within auto loans, $12.7 billion resided in the indirect auto portfolio while $1.5 billion were in the direct auto portfolio as of december 31, 2020. comparable amounts as of december 31, 2019 were $15.1 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively. the indirect auto portfolio pertains to loans originated through franchised dealers, including from expansion into new markets. this business is strategically aligned with our core retail banking business.
the following table presents certain key statistics related to our indirect and direct auto portfolios:
table 19: auto loan key statistics december 31, 2020       december 31, 2019
weighted-average loan origination fico score (a)
indirect auto                                                                       784                     757
direct auto weighted-average term of loan originations - in months (a)
indirect auto                                                                        72                      74
direct auto
(a) weighted-averages calculated for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k we continue to focus on borrowers with strong credit profiles as evidenced by the weighted-average loan origination fico scores noted in table 19. we offer both new and used auto financing to customers through our various channels. at december 31, 2020, the portfolio balance was composed of 56% new vehicle loans and 44% used vehicle loans. comparable amounts at december 31, 2019 were 55% and 45%, respectively.
the auto loan portfolio's performance is measured monthly, including updated collateral values that are obtained monthly and updated fico scores that are obtained at least quarterly. for internal reporting and risk management, we analyze the portfolio by product channel and product type and regularly evaluate default and delinquency experience. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we segment the portfolio by loan structure, collateral attributes and credit metrics which include fico score, ltv and term.
nonperforming assets and loan delinquencies nonperforming assets nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of contractual principal and interest is not probable and include nonperforming tdrs, oreo and foreclosed assets. loans held for sale, certain government insured or guaranteed loans and loans accounted for under the fair value option are excluded from nonperforming loans. amounts as of december 31, 2019 also excluded purchased impaired loans as we were accreting interest income over the expected life of the loans. in connection with the adoption of the cecl standard, nonperforming loans as of december 31, 2020 include pcd loans which meet the criteria to be classified as nonperforming. see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for details on our nonaccrual policies and additional information related to the adoption of the cecl standard, including the discontinuation of purchased impaired loan accounting.
the following table presents a summary of nonperforming assets by major category:
table 20: nonperforming assets by type december 31 2020                december 31                                     change
2019
dollars in millions                                                                                           $                 %
nonperforming loans commercial                                                                                $923                         $501                     $422                     84%
consumer (a)                                                                             1,363                        1,134                      229                     20%
total nonperforming loans                                                                2,286                        1,635                      651                     40%
oreo and foreclosed assets                                                                  51                          117                     (66)                   (56)%
total nonperforming assets                                                              $2,337                       $1,752                     $585                     33%
tdrs included in nonperforming loans                                                      $902                         $843                      $59                      7%
percentage of total nonperforming loans                                                     39       %                   52     %
nonperforming loans to total loans                                                        0.94       %                 0.68     %
nonperforming assets to total loans, oreo and foreclosed assets                           0.97       %                 0.73     %
nonperforming assets to total assets                                                      0.50       %                 0.43     %
allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans (b)                             235       %                  168     %
(a)excludes most unsecured consumer loans and lines of credit, which are charged off after 120 to 180 days past due and are not placed on nonperforming status.
(b)ratio at december 31, 2020 reflects the changes in alll methodology due to the adoption of the cecl accounting standard on january 1, 2020, along with increases in reserves during 2020 due to the significantly adverse economic impacts of the pandemic and its resulting effects on loan portfolio credit quality and loan growth.
the increase in nonperforming assets at december 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to higher nonperforming commercial loans in industries adversely impacted by the pandemic and the energy industry and an increase in residential real estate nonperforming loans primarily related to borrowers exiting forbearance and deferring payments to the end of the loan term, partially offset by the decline in oreo and foreclosed assets due to asset sales and the suspension of pandemic-related foreclosures. see the discussion of commercial high impact industries and the oil and gas loan portfolio within this credit risk management section for further detail on these industries.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the following table provides details on the change in nonperforming assets for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
table 21: change in nonperforming assets in millions                                              2020                    2019
january 1                                                            $1,752                  $1,808
new nonperforming assets                                              1,947                   1,342
charge-offs and valuation adjustments                                 (421)                   (664)
principal activity, including paydowns and payoffs                    (603)                   (472)
asset sales and transfers to loans held for sale                       (82)                    (95)
returned to performing status                                         (256)                   (167)
december 31                                                          $2,337                  $1,752
as of december 31, 2020, approximately 97% of total nonperforming loans were secured by collateral which lessened reserve requirements and is expected to reduce credit losses. as of december 31, 2020, commercial nonperforming loans were carried at approximately 83% of their unpaid principal balance, due to charge-offs and interest applied to principal, before consideration of the alll.
within consumer nonperforming loans, residential real estate tdrs comprised 47% of total residential real estate nonperforming loans, while home equity tdrs comprised 41% of home equity nonperforming loans at december 31, 2020. comparable amounts at december 31, 2019 were 79% and 49%, respectively. tdrs generally remain in nonperforming status until a borrower has made at least six consecutive months of both principal and interest payments under the modified terms or ultimate resolution occurs. loans where borrowers have been discharged from personal liability through chapter 7 bankruptcy and have not formally reaffirmed their loan obligations to us and loans to borrowers not currently obligated to make both principal and interest payments under the restructured terms are not returned to accrual status. loans that have been restructured for covid-19 related hardships and meet certain criteria under the cares act are not identified as tdrs. refer to the troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications discussion in this credit risk management section for more information on the treatment of loan modifications under the cares act.
at december 31, 2020, our largest nonperforming asset was $141 million in the real estate and rental and leasing industry and the ten largest individual nonperforming assets represented 19% of total nonperforming assets.
loan delinquencies we regularly monitor the level of loan delinquencies and believe these levels may be a key indicator of credit quality in our loan portfolio. measurement of delinquency status is based on the contractual terms of each loan. loans that are 30 days or more past due in terms of payment are considered delinquent. loan delinquencies include government insured or guaranteed loans and loans accounted for under the fair value option, and at december 31, 2020 also include pcd loans. amounts exclude loans held for sale, while amounts as of december 31, 2019 also excluded purchased impaired loans.
pursuant to the interagency guidance issued in april 2020 and in connection with the credit reporting rules from the cares act, the december 31, 2020 delinquency status of loans modified due to covid-19 related hardships aligns with the rules set forth for banks to report delinquency status to the credit agencies. these rules require that covid-19 related loan modifications be reported as follows:
•if current at the time of modification, the loan remains current throughout the modification period,
•if delinquent at the time of modification and the borrower was not made current as part of the modification, the loan maintains its reported delinquent status during the modification period, or
•if delinquent at the time of modification and the borrower was made current as part of the modification or became current during the modification period, the loan is reported as current.
as a result, certain loans modified due to covid-19 related hardships are not being reported as past due as of december 31, 2020 based on the contractual terms of the loan, even where borrowers may not be making payments on their loans during the modification period. loan modifications due to covid-19 related hardships that permanently reduce either the contractual interest rate or the principal balance of a loan do not qualify for tdr relief under the cares act or the interagency guidance. see the covid-19 relief section in item 1 of this report for more information on the cares act and the related interagency guidance.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k table 22: accruing loans past due (a)
amount                                                                                  % of total loans outstanding december 31                december 31            change                                             december 31                         december 31
2020                       2019                                                                      2020                                2019
dollars in millions                                                                                        $   %
early stage loan delinquencies accruing loans past due 30 to 59 days                         $620                       $661                  $(41)                       (6)   %                 0.26     %                          0.28     %
accruing loans past due 60 to 89 days                          234                        258                  (24)                        (9)   %                 0.10     %                          0.11     %
total early stage loan delinquencies                           854                        919                  (65)                        (7)   %                 0.35     %                          0.38     %
late stage loan delinquencies accruing loans past due 90 days or more                        509                        585                  (76)                       (13)   %                 0.21     %                          0.24     %
total accruing loans past due                               $1,363                     $1,504                  $(141)                      (9)   %                 0.56     %                          0.63     %
(a)past due loan amounts include government insured or guaranteed loans of $0.6 billion at both december 31, 2020 and 2019.
accruing loans past due 90 days or more continue to accrue interest because they are (i) well secured by collateral and are in the process of collection, (ii) managed in homogeneous portfolios with specified charge-off timeframes adhering to regulatory guidelines or (iii) certain government insured or guaranteed loans. as such, they are excluded from nonperforming loans.
troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications troubled debt restructurings a tdr is a loan whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs result from our loss mitigation activities and include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, postponement/reduction of scheduled amortization and extensions, which are intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. additionally, tdrs also result from court-imposed concessions (e.g., a chapter 7 bankruptcy where the debtor is discharged from personal liability to us and a court approved chapter 13 bankruptcy repayment plan). loans to borrowers experiencing covid-19 related hardships that have been restructured but that meet certain criteria under the cares act are not categorized as tdrs.
the following table provides a summary of troubled debt restructurings at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively:
table 23: summary of troubled debt restructurings (a)
december 31 2020                december 31                            change
2019
dollars in millions                                              $                 %
commercial                                   $528                         $361            $167                     46%
consumer                                    1,116                        1,303           (187)                   (14)%
total tdrs                                 $1,644                       $1,664           $(20)                    (1)%
nonperforming                                $902                         $843             $59                      7%
accruing (b)               742                              821                           (79)                   (10)%
total tdrs                                 $1,644                       $1,664           $(20)                    (1)%
(a)amounts in table do not include associated valuation allowances.
(b)accruing loans include consumer credit card loans and certain loans that have demonstrated a period of at least six months of performance under the restructured terms and are excluded from nonperforming loans.
nonperforming tdrs represented approximately 39% of total nonperforming loans and 55% of total tdrs at december 31, 2020. comparable amounts at december 31, 2019 were 52% and 51%, respectively.the remaining portion of tdrs represents tdrs that have been returned to accrual status after performing under the restructured terms for at least six consecutive months.
see note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report and the covid-19 relief section within item 1 of this report for additional information on tdrs. for additional information on the cares act, also see the covid-19 relief section within item 1 of this report.
loan modifications during the fourth quarter of 2020, pnc continued to provide relief to our customers from the economic impacts of covid-19 through a variety of solutions, including additional grants and extensions of loan and lease modifications under our hardship relief programs.
under the cares act, loan modifications meeting certain criteria qualify the loan for relief from tdr treatment. these criteria include:
•the loan modification resulted from a covid-19 related hardship,
•the borrower was no more than 30 days past due as of december 31, 2019, and
•the loan modification did not result in a permanent reduction of interest or principal.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k loans that do not meet the criteria for tdr relief under the cares act may be evaluated under interagency guidance, which allows banks to not designate certain short-term modifications as tdrs for borrowers with covid-19 hardships who were current on their payments prior to the modification. loan modifications related to covid-19 hardships that permanently reduce either the contractual interest rate and/or principal balance of the loan are designated as tdrs. for additional information on the cares act and interagency guidance, see the covid-19 relief section within item 1 of this report.
the impact of these modifications was considered within the quarterly reserve determination. see the allowance for credit losses discussion within the critical accounting estimates and judgments section for additional information. refer to the loan delinquencies discussion in this credit risk management section for information on how these hardship related loan modifications are reported from a delinquency perspective as of december 31, 2020.
commercial loan and lease modifications under covid-19 hardship relief programs during the fourth quarter of 2020, pnc continued to selectively grant temporary loan and lease modifications to our commercial clients although the volume of this activity declined significantly from earlier in the year. modifications made were in the form of principal and/or interest (payment) deferrals, covenant waivers and other types of modifications, including term extensions, and were based on each individual borrower's situation.
commercial accounts in active assistance under covid-19 hardship relief payment deferral programs totaled $0.1 billion, or 0.1% of total commercial loans at december 31, 2020.
we are monitoring the delinquency status of loans exiting assistance as a measure to assess credit risk. as of december 31, 2020, approximately 99% of the accruing commercial loans that have exited covid-19 payment deferral programs were current or less than 30 days past due.
consumer loan modifications under hardship relief programs our consumer loan modification programs are being granted in response to customer hardships that extended beyond the initial relief period. these loan and line modifications include all hardship related modifications, and the primary offerings as of december 31, 2020 are described in the following matrix.
modification type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      home equity       residential real estate       automobile        credit card       education         other consumer extensions - defers current payments and moves them to the end of the loan by extending the loan's maturity or the extension re-amortizes the remaining principal balance.                                                                                                                                                             a                                               a                                   a                 a forbearance - part or all of the payments are deferred and moved to the end of the forbearance period. balance is due at the end of the forbearance period, but payment options may be available to repay the forborne amount, including for many borrowers an option to delay payment until the payoff or maturity of the loan.       a                 a minimum payment suspension - reduces required minimum payment to $0 for a period of time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              a                                                                 a                                   a new loan terms - sets loan terms to a new monthly payment of principal and interest based on customer's financial situation.                                                                                                                                                                                                           a                                                                 a                                   a reduced payments - allows the customer to make a lower payment for a period of time, with any deferred balance being moved to the end of the loan term or extending the loan's maturity.                                                                                                                                                                                               a                                                     a repayment plan - allows reduced payment and interest rate for a period of time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          a                                   a interest continues to accrue during the relief period for loans modified in these programs unless the loan was designated as a nonperforming tdr or was on nonaccrual at the date of modification. the method of collection of the accrued interest is dependent on the product type and modification offered.
during the fourth quarter of 2020, we continued to see a reduction in the number of consumers requesting hardship assistance from the peak in the summer of 2020, which has led to additional declines in loans under modification that present credit risk to pnc at december 31, 2020.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the following table provides a summary of consumer accounts in active assistance under hardship relief programs that were on our balance sheet at december 31, 2020. we have excluded government insured or guaranteed loans totaling $426 million and $262 million in the residential real estate and education loan classes, respectively, from table 24 as these loans present minimal credit risk to pnc.
table 24: consumer loans in active hardship relief programs (a) (b)
as of december 31, 2020 - dollars in millions               number of                     unpaid        % of loan class (c)       % making payment in last payment cycle accounts                  principal balance consumer home equity                                               1,316                       $112                     0.5        %                          66.9              %
residential real estate                                   2,185                        577                     2.6        %                          29.5              %
automobile                                                8,104                        197                     1.4        %                          71.5              %
credit card                                               8,936                         63                     1.0        %                          68.0              %
education                                                 3,772                         56                     1.9        %                          15.2              %
other consumer                                            1,928                         25                     0.5        %                          73.0              %
total consumer (d)                                       26,241                     $1,030                     1.4        %                          59.9              %
(a) in cases where there have been multiple modifications on an individual loan, regardless of the number of modifications granted, each loan is counted only once in this table.
(b) amounts include loan modifications that qualify for tdr accounting totaling $149 million.
(c) based on total loans outstanding at december 31, 2020.
(d) approximately 86% of these loan balances were secured by collateral at december 31, 2020.
modifications are considered to have exited active assistance after the modification period has expired or the modification was exited. as of december 31, 2020, approximately 95% of the accruing consumer loans that have exited hardship relief program modifications were current or less than 30 days past due.
the initial consumer loan modifications granted in response to the covid-19 outbreak and the surrounding economic circumstances were short-term and temporary in nature and generally meet the qualifications for relief from tdr treatment under the cares act. however, in response to customers' hardships that have extended beyond the initial relief period, pnc has offered options to customers which include both temporary and permanent modifications that may reduce the payment, the interest rate or extend the term and/or defer principal and interest payments. loan modifications that permanently reduce either the contractual interest rate and/or principal balance of the loan would not meet the qualifications for relief from tdr treatment under the cares act.
allowance for credit losses on january 1, 2020 we adopted the cecl standard which replaced the incurred loss methodology for our credit related reserves with an expected credit loss methodology for the remaining estimated contractual term of in-scope assets and off-balance sheet exposures. our acl is based on historical loss experience, current borrower risk characteristics, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors. we maintain the acl at an appropriate level for expected losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases, trade receivables and other financial assets and off-balance sheet credit exposures and determine this allowance based on quarterly assessments of the remaining estimated contractual term of the assets or exposures as of the balance sheet date.
expected losses are estimated using a combination of (i) the expected losses over a reasonable and supportable forecast period, (ii) a period of reversion to long run average expected losses where applicable and (iii) long run average expected losses for the remaining estimated contractual term.
we use forward-looking information in estimating expected credit losses for our reasonable and supportable forecast period. for this purpose, we have established a framework which includes a three year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios and associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes over the forecasted period. forward looking information, such as forecasted relevant macroeconomic variables, is incorporated into the expected credit loss estimates using quantitative techniques, as well as through analysis from pnc's economists and management's judgment in qualitatively assessing the acl.
the reversion period is used to bridge our three year reasonable and supportable forecast period and the long run average expected credit losses. we may consider a number of factors in determining the duration of the reversion period, such as contractual maturity of the asset, observed historical patterns and the estimated credit loss rates at the end of the forecast period relative to the beginning of the long run average period. the reversion period is typically 1-3 years, if not immediate.
the long run average expected credit losses are derived from our available historical credit information. we use long run average the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k expected loss for the portfolio over the estimated remaining contractual term beyond our forecast period and the reversion period.
the following discussion provides additional information related to our reserves under cecl for loans and leases as well as unfunded lending related commitments. see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion on our acl, including details of our methodologies and discussion of the allowances for investment securities and other financial assets. see also the critical accounting estimates and judgments section for further discussion of the assumptions used in the determination of the acl.
allowance for loan and lease losses our pooled expected loss methodology is based upon the quantification of pd, lgd, ead and the remaining estimated contractual term for a loan or loan segment. we also consider the impact of prepayments and amortization on contractual maturity in our expected loss estimates. we use historical data, current borrower characteristics and forecasted economic variables in quantitative methods to estimate these risk parameters by loan or loan segments. pds represent a quantification of risk that a borrower may not be able to pay their contractual obligation over a defined period of time. lgd describes the estimate of potential loss if a borrower were to default, and ead (or utilization rates for revolving loans) is the estimated balance outstanding at the time of default and expected loss. these parameters are calculated for each forecasted scenario, and are combined to generate expected loss estimates by scenario in proportion to the scenario weights.
we use a discounted cash flow methodology for our consumer real estate related loan classes and for certain commercial and consumer tdr loans. for non-tdr residential real estate loans and lines, we determine effective interest rates considering contractual cash flows adjusted for prepayments and market interest rates. we then determine the net present value of expected cash flows and alll by discounting contractual cash flows adjusted for both prepayments and expected credit losses using the effective interest rates.
we establish individually assessed reserves for loans and leases that do not share similar risk characteristics with a pool of loans using methods prescribed by gaap. reserves for individual commercial nonperforming loans and commercial tdrs exceeding a defined dollar threshold are based on an analysis of the present value of the loan's expected future cash flows or the fair value of the collateral, if appropriate under our policy for collateral dependent loans. commercial loans that are below the defined threshold and accruing tdrs are collectively reserved for, as we believe these loans continue to share similar risk characteristics. for consumer nonperforming loans classified as collateral dependent, charge-off and alll related to recovery of amounts previously charged-off are evaluated through an analysis of the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
while our reserve methodologies strive to reflect all relevant credit risk factors, there continues to be uncertainty associated with, but not limited to, potential imprecision in the estimation process due to the inherent time lag of obtaining information and normal variations between expected and actual outcomes. we may hold additional reserves that are designed to provide coverage for losses attributable to such risks. a portion of the allowance is related to qualitative measurement factors. these factors may include, but are not limited to, the following:
•industry concentrations and conditions, including the impacts of covid-19 on highly impacted segments,
•changes in market conditions, including regulatory and legal requirements,
•changes in the nature and volume of our portfolio,
•recent credit quality trends, including the impact of covid-19 hardship related loan modifications,
•recent loss experience in particular portfolios, including specific and unique events,
•recent macro-economic factors that may not be reflected in the forecast information,
•limitations of available input data, including historical loss information and recent data such as collateral values,
•model imprecision and limitations,
•changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in loss recognition and mitigation policies and procedures, and
•timing of available information, including the performance of first lien positions.
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments we maintain the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments on off-balance sheet credit exposures that are not unconditionally cancelable, (e.g., unfunded loan commitments, letters of credit and certain financial guarantees) at a level we believe is appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on these exposures. other than the estimation of the probability of funding, this reserve is estimated in a manner similar to the methodology used for determining reserves for loans and leases. the allowance for unfunded lending related commitments is recorded as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet. net adjustments to this reserve are included in the provision for credit losses.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the following table summarizes our allowance for credit loss by loan class:
table 25: allowance for credit losses by loan class (a)
december 31, 2020                                                                        december 31, 2019
dollars in millions                                                    allowance amount                     total loans        % of total loans                 allowance amount                     total loans        % of total loans allowance for loans and lease losses commercial commercial and industrial                                                $2,300                          $132,073                  1.74       %                   $1,489                          $125,337                  1.19       %
commercial real estate                                                      880                            28,716                  3.06       %                      278                            28,110                  0.99       %
equipment lease financing                                                   157                             6,414                  2.45       %                       45                             7,155                  0.63       %
total commercial                                                          3,337                           167,203                  2.00       %                    1,812                           160,602                  1.13       %
consumer home equity                                                                 313                            24,088                  1.30       %                       87                            25,085                  0.35       %
residential real estate                                                      28                            22,560                  0.12       %                      258                            21,821                  1.18       %
automobile                                                                  379                            14,218                  2.67       %                      160                            16,754                  0.95       %
credit card                                                                 816                             6,215                 13.13       %                      288                             7,308                  3.94       %
education                                                                   129                             2,946                  4.38       %                       17                             3,336                  0.51       %
other consumer                                                              359                             4,698                  7.64       %                      120                             4,937                  2.43       %
total consumer                                                            2,024                            74,725                  2.71       %                      930                            79,241                  1.17       %
total                                                                    $5,361                          $241,928                  2.22       %                   $2,742                          $239,843                  1.14       %
allowance for unfunded lending related commitments                          584                                                                                      318
allowance for credit losses                                              $5,945                                                                                   $3,060
allowance for credit losses to total loans                                                                                         2.46       %                                                                             1.28       %
commercial                                                                                                                         2.29       %                                                                             1.33       %
consumer                                                                                                                           2.84       %                                                                             1.18       %
(a)        excludes allowances for investment securities and other financial assets, which together totaled $109 million at december 31, 2020.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the following table summarizes our loan charge-offs and recoveries:
table 26: loan charge-offs and recoveries year ended december 31                        gross charge-offs                 recoveries                  net charge-offs / (recoveries)                 % of average loans (annualized)
dollars in millions
2020
commercial commercial and industrial                          $382                          $75                                     $307                                            0.22            %
commercial real estate                                2                            9                                      (7)                                          (0.02)            %
equipment lease financing                            23                           10                                       13                                            0.19            %
total commercial                                    407                           94                                      313                                            0.18            %
consumer home equity                                          42                           61                                     (19)                                          (0.08)            %
residential real estate                              10                           16                                      (6)                                          (0.03)            %
automobile                                          265                          128                                      137                                            0.86            %
credit card                                         300                           35                                      265                                            3.99            %
education                                            16                            8                                        8                                            0.25            %
other consumer                                      152                           18                                      134                                            2.75            %
total consumer                                     $785                         $266                                     $519                                            0.67            %
total                                            $1,192                         $360                                     $832                                            0.33            %
2019
commercial commercial and industrial                          $183                          $59                                     $124                                            0.10            %
commercial real estate                               18                           11                                        7                                            0.02            %
equipment lease financing                            15                            8                                        7                                            0.10            %
total commercial                                    216                           78                                      138                                            0.09            %
consumer home equity                                          68                           74                                      (6)                                          (0.02)            %
residential real estate                               9                           14                                      (5)                                          (0.02)            %
automobile                                          261                          114                                      147                                            0.95            %
credit card                                         263                           27                                      236                                            3.60            %
education                                            26                            8                                       18                                            0.50            %
other consumer                                      131                           17                                      114                                            2.41            %
total consumer                                     $758                         $254                                     $504                                            0.67            %
total                                              $974                         $332                                     $642                                            0.27            %
total net charge-offs increased $190 million, or 30%, in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase is primarily attributable to commercial net charge-offs, which were driven by industries adversely impacted by the pandemic.
see note 1 accounting policies and note 4 loans and related allowance for credit losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information.
liquidity and capital management liquidity risk has two fundamental components. the first is potential loss assuming we were unable to meet our funding requirements at a reasonable cost. the second is the potential inability to operate our businesses because adequate contingent liquidity is not available. we manage liquidity risk at the consolidated company level (bank, parent company and nonbank subsidiaries combined) to help ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal "business as usual" and stressful circumstances, and to help ensure that we maintain an appropriate level of contingent liquidity.
management monitors liquidity through a series of early warning indicators that may indicate a potential market, or pnc-specific, liquidity stress event. in addition, management performs a set of liquidity stress tests over multiple time horizons with varying levels of severity and maintains a contingency funding plan to address a potential liquidity stress event. in the most severe liquidity stress simulation, we assume that our liquidity position is under pressure, while the market in general is under systemic pressure. the simulation considers, among other things, the impact of restricted access to both secured and unsecured external sources of funding, accelerated runoff of customer deposits, valuation pressure on assets and heavy demand to fund committed obligations. parent company liquidity guidelines are designed to help ensure that sufficient liquidity is available to meet our parent company obligations over the succeeding 24-month period. liquidity-related risk limits are established within our enterprise liquidity management policy the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k and supporting policies. management committees, including the asset and liability committee, and the board of directors and its risk committee regularly review compliance with key established limits.
in addition to these liquidity monitoring measures and tools described above, we also monitor our liquidity by reference to the lcr which is further described in the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report. pnc and pnc bank calculate the lcr on a daily basis, and as of december 31, 2020, the lcr for pnc and pnc bank exceeded the requirement of 100%.
we provide additional information regarding regulatory liquidity requirements, including information on the 2019 tailoring rules, and their potential impact on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
sources of liquidity our largest source of liquidity on a consolidated basis is the customer deposit base generated by our banking businesses. these deposits provide relatively stable and low-cost funding. total deposits increased to $365.3 billion at december 31, 2020 from $288.5 billion at december 31, 2019 driven by growth in noninterest-bearing deposits and interest-bearing deposits. see the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this item 7 for additional information related to our deposits. additionally, certain assets determined by us to be liquid as well as unused borrowing capacity from a number of sources are also available to manage our liquidity position.
at december 31, 2020, our liquid assets consisted of cash and due from banks and short-term investments (federal funds sold, resale agreements, trading securities and interest-earning deposits with banks) totaling $95.1 billion and securities available for sale totaling $87.4 billion. the level of liquid assets fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loan and deposit growth and balance sheet management activities. our liquid assets included $22.7 billion of securities available for sale and trading securities pledged as collateral to secure public and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes. in addition, $0.1 billion of securities held to maturity were also pledged as collateral for these purposes.
we also obtain liquidity through various forms of funding, including long-term debt (senior notes, subordinated debt and fhlb borrowings) and short-term borrowings (securities sold under repurchase agreements, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings). see note 10 borrowed funds in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 and the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this item 7 for additional information related to our borrowings.
total senior and subordinated debt, on a consolidated basis, decreased due to the following activity:
table 27: senior and subordinated debt in billions                       2020
january 1                    $35.1
issuances                      3.5
calls and maturities         (9.0)
other                          1.1
december 31                  $30.7
bank liquidity under pnc bank's 2014 bank note program, as amended, pnc bank may from time to time offer up to $40.0 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time of its unsecured senior and subordinated notes with maturity dates more than nine months (in the case of senior notes) and five years or more (in the case of subordinated notes) from their date of issue. at december 31, 2020, pnc bank had $19.2 billion of notes outstanding under this program of which $14.2 billion were senior bank notes and $5.0 billion were subordinated bank notes.
the following table details issuances in 2020:
table 28: pnc bank notes issued issuance date                       amount                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            description of issuance february 25, 2020             $1.0 billion                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $1.0 billion of senior floating rate notes with a maturity date of february 24, 2023. interest is payable quarterly at the 3-month libor rate, reset quarterly, plus 32.5 basis points, on february 24, may 24, august 24, and november 24, commencing on may 24, 2020.
february 25, 2020             $500 million        $500 million of senior fixed-to-floating rate notes with a maturity date of february 24, 2023. interest is payable semi-annually at a fixed rate of 1.743% per annum, on february 24 and august 24 of each year, beginning on august 24, 2020. beginning on february 24, 2022, interest is payable quarterly at the floating rate equal to the 3-month libor rate, reset quarterly, plus 32.3 basis points, on february 24, may 24, august 24, and november 24, commencing on may 24, 2022.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the following table details redemptions in 2020:
table 29: pnc bank notes redeemed redemption date                     amount                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           description of redemption march 12, 2020                $1.1 billion                                                 $1.1 billion of all outstanding senior floating rate notes with an original scheduled maturity date of march 12, 2021. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of march 12, 2020.
april 20, 2020                $1.0 billion              $1.0 billion of all outstanding senior notes with an original scheduled maturity date of may 19, 2020. the securities have a distribution rate of 2.000%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of april 20, 2020.
may 4, 2020                   $750 million                 $750 million of all outstanding senior notes with an original scheduled maturity date of june 1, 2020. the securities have a distribution rate of 2.300%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of may 4, 2020.
june 10, 2020                 $800 million                                                   $800 million of all outstanding senior floating rate notes with an original scheduled maturity date of june 10, 2021. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of june 10, 2020.
june 22, 2020                 $750 million              $750 million of all outstanding senior notes with an original scheduled maturity date of july 21, 2020. the securities have a distribution rate of 2.600%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of june 22, 2020.
october 6, 2020               $1.5 billion         $1.5 billion of all outstanding senior notes with an original scheduled maturity date of november 5, 2020. the securities have a distribution rate of 2.450%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of october 6, 2020.
december 23, 2020             $900 million       $900 million of all outstanding senior notes with an original scheduled maturity date of january 22, 2021. the securities have a distribution rate of 2.500%. the redemption price was equal to $1,000 per $1,000 in principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions to the redemption date of december 23, 2020.
pnc bank maintains additional secured borrowing capacity with the fhlb-pittsburgh and through the federal reserve bank discount window. the federal reserve bank, however, is not viewed as a primary means of funding our routine business activities, but rather as a potential source of liquidity in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. at december 31, 2020, our unused secured borrowing capacity at the fhlb-pittsburgh and the federal reserve bank totaled $81.1 billion. the federal reserve also has established certain special liquidity facilities under its emergency lending authority in section 13(3) of the federal reserve act in response to the economic impacts of the pandemic. for additional information, see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report.
pnc bank has the ability to offer up to $10.0 billion of its commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2020, there were no issuances outstanding under this program.
parent company liquidity in addition to managing liquidity risk at the bank level, we monitor the parent company's liquidity. the parent company's contractual obligations consist primarily of debt service related to parent company borrowings and funding non-bank affiliates. additionally, the parent company maintains adequate liquidity to fund discretionary activities such as paying dividends to our shareholders, share repurchases and acquisitions.
as of december 31, 2020, available parent company liquidity totaled $14.1 billion. parent company liquidity is held in intercompany cash. investments with longer durations may also be acquired, but if so, the related maturities are aligned with scheduled cash needs, such as the maturity of parent company debt obligations.
the principal source of parent company liquidity is the dividends it receives from pnc bank, which may be impacted by the following:
•bank-level capital needs,
•laws and regulations,
•corporate policies,
•contractual restrictions, and
•other factors.
there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of a national bank to pay dividends or make other capital distributions or to extend credit to the parent company or its non-bank subsidiaries. the amount available for dividend payments by pnc bank to the parent company without prior regulatory approval was approximately $3.1 billion at december 31, 2020. see note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for a further discussion of these limitations.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k in addition to dividends from pnc bank, other sources of parent company liquidity include cash and investments, as well as dividends and loan repayments from other subsidiaries and dividends or distributions from equity investments. we can also generate liquidity for the parent company and pnc's non-bank subsidiaries through the issuance of debt and equity securities, including certain capital instruments, in public or private markets and commercial paper. authorized by the board of directors, the parent company has the ability to offer up to $5.0 billion of commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2020 there were no commercial paper issuances outstanding.
the parent company has an effective shelf registration statement pursuant to which we can issue additional debt, equity and other capital instruments. on january 22, 2020, the parent company issued $2.0 billion of senior notes with a maturity date of january 22, 2030, redeemable, in whole or in part, on or after october 24, 2029. interest is payable semi-annually at a fixed rate of 2.550% per annum, on january 22 and july 22 of each year, commencing on july 22, 2020.
parent company senior and subordinated debt outstanding totaled $10.6 billion at december 31, 2020 compared with $9.8 billion at december 31, 2019.
pnc will use approximately $11.6 billion of parent company cash to acquire bbva.
contractual obligations and commitments the following tables set forth contractual obligations and various other commitments as of december 31, 2020:
table 30: contractual obligations payment due by period december 31, 2020 - in millions                                           total                  less than                        one to                       four to                    after five one year                   three years                    five years                         years remaining contractual maturities of time deposits                   $19,692                  $17,452                        $1,518                          $499                          $223
borrowed funds (a)                                                   37,195                    7,958                        11,956                         5,706                        11,575
minimum annual rentals on noncancellable operating leases             2,312                      364                           649                           477                           822
nonqualified pension and postretirement benefits                        418                       49                            90                            86                           193
purchase obligations (b)                                              1,111                      519                           463                           103                            26
total contractual cash obligations                                  $60,728                  $26,342                       $14,676                        $6,871                       $12,839
(a)includes basis adjustment relating to accounting hedges.
(b)includes purchase obligations for goods and services covered by noncancellable contracts and contracts including cancellation fees.
table 31: other commitments (a)
amount of commitment expiration by period december 31, 2020 - in millions                           total amounts committed                 less than one                        one to                       four to                         after year                   three years                    five years                    five years commitments to extend credit (b)                               $207,821                          $99,592                        $64,956                       $42,338                          $935
net outstanding standby letters of credit (c)                     9,053                            4,583                          3,548                           914                             8
standby bond purchase agreements                                  1,448             274                                             720                           454
other commitments (d)                                             2,046                            1,086                            585                            48                           327
total commitments                                              $220,368                         $105,535                        $69,809                       $43,754                        $1,270
(a)other commitments are funding commitments that could potentially require performance in the event of demands by third parties or contingent events. loan commitments are reported net of syndications, assignments and participations.
(b)commitments to extend credit, or net unfunded loan commitments, represent arrangements to lend funds or provide liquidity subject to specified contractual conditions.
(c)includes $3.8 billion of standby letters of credit that support remarketing programs for customers' variable rate demand notes.
(d)includes other commitments of $0.6 billion that were not on our consolidated balance sheet. the remaining $1.4 billion of other commitments were included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
credit ratings pnc's credit ratings affect the cost and availability of short and long-term funding, collateral requirements for certain derivative instruments and the ability to offer certain products.
in general, rating agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, level and quality of earnings, and the current legislative and regulatory environment, including implied government support. a decrease, or potential decrease, in credit ratings could impact access to the capital markets and/or increase the cost of debt, and thereby adversely affect liquidity and financial condition.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the following table presents credit ratings for pnc and pnc bank as of december 31, 2020:
table 32: credit ratings for pnc and pnc bank december 31, 2020
moody's        standard &amp; poor's         fitch pnc senior debt                a3             a-                            a subordinated debt          a3             bbb+                          a-
preferred stock            baa2           bbb-                          bbb pnc bank senior debt                a2             a                             a+
subordinated debt          a3             a-                            a long-term deposits         aa2            a                             aa-
short-term deposits        p-1            a-1                           f1+
short-term notes           p-1            a-1                           f1
on november 16, 2020, moody's affirmed the ratings and assessments of the pnc financial services group, inc. and its subsidiaries. at the same time, the moody's rating outlook on pnc bank's long-term deposit, senior unsecured debt and issuer ratings were changed from stable to negative, based on moody's view that recent deposit growth and the acquisition of bbva may reduce the amount of unsecured debt on pnc's balance sheet, a key input in moody's rating methodology.
capital management we manage our funding and capital positions by making adjustments to our balance sheet size and composition, issuing or redeeming debt, issuing equity or other capital instruments, executing treasury stock transactions and capital redemptions or repurchases, and managing dividend policies and retaining earnings.
in 2020, we returned $3.5 billion of capital to shareholders through repurchases of 11 million shares for $1.5 billion and dividends on common shares of $2.0 billion.
we repurchase shares of pnc common stock under a share repurchase authorization provided by our board of directors in the amount of up to 100 million shares and consistent with capital plans submitted to the federal reserve. repurchases are made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and the extent and timing of share repurchases under authorizations depend on a number of factors including, among others, market and general economic conditions, economic and regulatory capital considerations, alternative uses of capital, the potential impact on our credit ratings, contractual and regulatory limitations, and the results of supervisory assessments of capital adequacy and capital planning processes undertaken by the federal reserve and the occ as part of the ccar and dfast processes.
in relation to the 2019 capital plan accepted by the federal reserve, we repurchased a total of 24 million shares for $3.4 billion as of the end of the first quarter 2020.
pnc announced on march 16, 2020 a temporary suspension of our common stock repurchase program in conjunction with the federal reserve's effort to support the u.s. economy during the pandemic.
following completion of the 2020 ccar/dfast process, the federal reserve announced certain limitations on the capital distributions of any ccar-participating bank holding company (including pnc) during the third quarter of 2020. under these limitations, pnc and other ccar-participating firms, absent federal reserve approval, were permitted to make only the following capital distributions during the third quarter and fourth quarter of 2020:
•pay common dividends at the same per share level as paid during the second quarter of 2020, provided that the amount does not exceed the average of the firm's net income for the four preceding calendar quarters,
•purchase common shares in an amount that equals the amount of share issuances related to expensed employee compensation, and
•make scheduled payments on additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments.
we continued the suspension of our common stock repurchase program through the fourth quarter of 2020, with the exception of employee benefit-related repurchases in the third quarter, consistent with the extension of the federal reserve's special capital distribution restrictions.
the federal reserve extended these limitations through the first quarter of 2021, but modified the limitations to permit common stock share repurchases and dividends provided that the aggregate amount of such repurchases and dividends do not exceed the average of the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k the firm's net income for the four preceding calendar quarters and the firm does not increase its common dividend. the federal reserve may extend these limitations to additional quarters, potentially in modified form. in 2021, our plan is to refrain from share repurchases, excluding employee benefit-related purchases, during the period leading up to our pending bbva transaction close date.
on january 5, 2021, the pnc board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.15 per share payable on february 5, 2021.
see the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business in this report for further information concerning the ccar and dfast process and the factors the federal reserve takes into consideration in its evaluation of capital plans.
table 33: basel iii capital dollars in millions                                                                    basel iii       december 31, 2020 (fully implemented) (estimated) (b)
december 31, 2020 (a)
common equity tier 1 capital common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock                          $875                                              $875
retained earnings                                                               48,083                                            46,848
goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                           (9,021)                                           (9,021)
other disallowed intangibles, net of deferred tax liabilities                    (172)                                             (172)
other adjustments/(deductions)                                                    (30)                                              (33)
common equity tier 1 capital                                                   $39,735                                           $38,497
additional tier 1 capital preferred stock plus related surplus                                             3,517                                             3,517
other adjustments/(deductions)
tier 1 capital                                                                 $43,252                                           $42,014
additional tier 2 capital qualifying subordinated debt                                                     3,648                                             3,648
trust preferred capital securities                                                  40
eligible credit reserves includable in tier 2 capital                            4,061                                             4,061
total basel iii capital                                                        $51,001                                           $49,723
risk-weighted assets basel iii standardized approach risk-weighted assets (c)                      $326,772                                          $325,547
average quarterly adjusted total assets                                       $454,220                                          $452,983
supplementary leverage exposure (d)                                           $437,526                                          $539,999
basel iii risk-based capital and leverage ratios (a)(e)
common equity tier 1                                                              12.2         %                                    11.8                   %
tier 1                                                                            13.2         %                                    12.9                   %
total (f)                                                                         15.6         %                                    15.3                   %
leverage (g)                                                                       9.5         %                                     9.3                   %
supplementary leverage ratio (d)                                                   9.9         %                                     7.8                   %
(a)the ratios are calculated to reflect pnc's election to adopt the cecl five-year transition provision.
(b)the ratios are calculated to reflect the full impact of cecl and excludes the benefits of the optional five-year transition.
(c)basel iii standardized approach weighted-assets are based on the basel iii standardized approach rules and include credit and market risk-weighted assets.
(d)as of december 31, 2020, the bhc's supplementary leverage exposure and supplementary leverage ratio reflects the temporary exclusions of u.s. treasury securities and deposits at federal reserve banks. the supplementary leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by supplementary leverage exposure, which takes into account both on balance sheets assets as well as certain off-balance sheet items, including loan commitments and potential future exposure under derivative contracts.
(e)all ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to pnc and calculated based on the standardized approach.
(f)the basel iii total risk-based capital ratios include nonqualifying trust preferred capital securities of $40 million that are subject to a phase-out period that runs through 2021.
(g)leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly adjusted total assets.
as of january 1, 2020, the 2019 tailoring rules became effective for pnc. the most significant changes involve pnc's election to exclude specific aoci items from cet1 capital and higher thresholds used to calculate cet1 capital deductions. effective january 1, 2020, pnc must deduct from cet1 capital investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets (in each case, net of associated deferred tax liabilities) to the extent such items individually exceed 25% of the institution's adjusted cet1 capital.
pnc's regulatory risk-based capital ratios are calculated using the standardized approach for determining risk-weighted assets. under the standardized approach for determining credit risk-weighted assets, exposures are generally assigned a pre-defined risk weight.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k exposures to high volatility commercial real estate, nonaccruals, tdrs, past due exposures and equity exposures are generally subject to higher risk weights than other types of exposures.
the regulatory agencies have adopted a rule permitting banks to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from implementing cecl. cecl's estimated impact on cet1 capital, as defined by the rule, is the change in retained earnings at adoption plus or minus 25% of the change in cecl acl at the balance sheet date compared to the cecl acl at transition. the estimated cecl impact is added to cet1 capital through december 31, 2021, then phased-out over the following three years. pnc elected to adopt this optional transition provision effective as of march 31, 2020. see additional discussion of this rule in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
in response to the economic conditions caused by the pandemic, the federal reserve has adopted a final rule that revises, on a temporary basis, the calculation of supplementary leverage exposure (the denominator of the slr) by bhcs to exclude the on-balance sheet amounts of u.s. treasury securities and deposits at federal reserve banks. the rule was effective as of april 14, 2020 and will remain in effect through march 31, 2021. the occ also has permitted national banks to exclude such on-balance sheet amounts from the bank's supplementary leverage exposure, provided the bank agrees to obtain occ approval of capital distributions during the effective period of the exclusion. pnc bank has not elected to take advantage of this occ rule.
at december 31, 2020, pnc and pnc bank, our sole bank subsidiary, were both considered "well capitalized," based on applicable u.s. regulatory capital ratio requirements. to qualify as "well capitalized", pnc must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6% for tier 1 risk-based capital and 10% for total risk-based capital, and pnc bank must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6.5% for common equity tier 1 risk-based capital, 8% for tier 1 risk-based capital, 10% for total risk-based capital and a leverage ratio of at least 5%.
federal banking regulators have stated that they expect the largest u.s. bhcs, including pnc, to have a level of regulatory capital well in excess of the regulatory minimum and have required the largest u.s. bhcs, including pnc, to have a capital buffer sufficient to withstand losses and allow them to meet the credit needs of their customers through estimated stress scenarios. we seek to manage our capital consistent with these regulatory principles, and believe that our december 31, 2020 capital levels were aligned with them.
we provide additional information regarding regulatory capital requirements and some of their potential impacts on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business, item 1a risk factors and note 20 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. see the statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report for details on our december 31, 2017 and 2016 fully phased-in basel iii common equity tier 1 capital ratios.
market risk management market risk is the risk of a loss in earnings or economic value due to adverse movements in market factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. we are exposed to market risk primarily by our involvement in the following activities, among others:
•traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans,
•equity and other investments and activities whose economic values are directly impacted by market factors, and
•fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange activities, as a result of customer activities and securities underwriting.
we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. market risk management provides independent oversight by monitoring compliance with established guidelines and reporting significant risks in the business to the risk committee of the board of directors.
market risk management - interest rate risk interest rate risk results primarily from our traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans. many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences, affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets and the interest that we pay on liabilities and the level of our noninterest-bearing funding sources. due to the repricing term mismatches and embedded options inherent in certain of these products, changes in market interest rates not only affect expected near-term earnings, but also the economic values of these assets and liabilities.
our asset and liability management group centrally manages interest rate risk as prescribed in our risk management policies, which are approved by management's asset and liability committee and the risk committee of the board of directors.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k sensitivity results and market interest rate benchmarks for the fourth quarters of 2020 and 2019 follow:
table 34: interest sensitivity analysis fourth quarter 2020                 fourth quarter 2019
net interest income sensitivity simulation (a)
effect on net interest income in first year from gradual interest rate change over the following 12
months of:
100 basis point increase                                                                                                4.7        %                        1.5        %
effect on net interest income in second year from gradual interest rate change over the preceding 12
months of:
100 basis point increase                                                                                               12.5        %                        3.8        %
key period-end interest rates one-month libor                                                                                                        0.14        %                       1.76        %
three-month libor                                                                                                      0.24        %                       1.91        %
three-year swap                                                                                                        0.24        %                       1.69        %
(a)given the inherent limitations in certain of these measurement tools and techniques, results become less meaningful as interest rates approach zero. senior management approved the suspension of the 100bps decrease in rate change sensitivities considering the current low rate environment.
in addition to measuring the effect on net interest income assuming parallel changes in current interest rates, we routinely simulate the effects of a number of nonparallel interest rate environments. table 35 reflects the percentage change in net interest income over the next two 12-month periods assuming (i) the pnc economist's most likely rate forecast, (ii) implied market forward rates and (iii) yield curve slope flattening (a 50 basis point yield curve slope flattening between one-month and ten-year rates superimposed on current base rates) scenario.
all changes in forecasted net interest income are relative to results in a base rate scenario where current market rates are assumed to remain unchanged over the forecast horizon.
table 35: net interest income sensitivity to alternative rate scenarios december 31, 2020
pnc                              market            slope economist                       forward            flattening first year sensitivity        0.6         %                  0.5    %            (0.9)       %
second year sensitivity       3.3         %                  1.9    %            (3.1)       %
when forecasting net interest income, we make assumptions about interest rates and the shape of the yield curve, the volume and characteristics of new business and the behavior of existing on- and off-balance sheet positions. these assumptions determine the future level of simulated net interest income in the base interest rate scenario and the other interest rate scenarios presented in tables 34 and 35. these simulations assume that as assets and liabilities mature, they are replaced or repriced at then current market rates.
the following graph presents the libor/swap yield curves for the base rate scenario and each of the alternate scenarios one year forward.
table 36: alternate interest rate scenarios: one year forward the fourth quarter 2020 interest sensitivity analyses indicate that our consolidated balance sheet is positioned to benefit from an increase in interest rates and an upward sloping interest rate yield curve. we believe that we have the deposit funding base and balance sheet flexibility to adjust, where appropriate and permissible, to changing interest rates and market conditions.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k as discussed in item 1a risk factors, the planned discontinuance of the requirement that banks submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2023 presents risks to the financial instruments originated, held or serviced by pnc that use libor as a reference rate. pnc holds instruments and services its instruments and instruments owned by others that may be impacted by the likely discontinuance of libor, including loans, investments, hedging products, floating-rate obligations, and other financial instruments that use libor as a reference rate. the transition from libor as an interest rate benchmark will subject pnc, like other financial participants, to financial, legal, operational, and reputational risks.
in order to address libor cessation and the associated risks, pnc has established a cross-functional governance structure to oversee the overall strategy for the transition from libor and mitigate risks associated with the transition. an initial libor impact and risk assessment has been performed, which identified the associated risks across products, systems, models, and processes. pnc also established an enterprise-level program, which is actively monitoring pnc's overall firm-wide exposure to libor and using these results to plan transitional strategies and track progress versus these goals. program workstreams were formed by line of business to ensure accountability and alignment with the appropriate operational, technology, and customer-facing stakeholders, while establishing a centralized program management office to ensure consistency in execution and communication. project plans and established milestones have been developed and have continued to evolve and be refined in line with industry developments and internal decisions and progress. pnc is also involved in industry discussions, preparing milestones for readiness and assessing progress against those milestones, along with developing and delivering on internal and external libor cessation communication plans.
key efforts in 2020 included:
•enhancing fallback language in new contracts and reviewing existing legal contracts/agreements to assess fallback language impacts,
•making preparations for internal operational readiness,
•making necessary enhancements to pnc's infrastructure, including systems, models, valuation tools and processes,
•developing and delivering on internal and external libor cessation communication plans,
•engaging with pnc clients, industry working groups and regulators, and
•monitoring developments associated with libor alternatives and industry practices related to libor-indexed instruments.
pnc also has been an active participant in efforts with the federal reserve and other regulatory agencies to explore the potential need for a credit-sensitive rate or add-on to sofr for use in commercial loans. those efforts led to the formation of the credit sensitive group, which has held a series of workshops to assess how a credit-sensitive rate or add-on to sofr might be constructed and discuss associated implementation issues.
in addition, in the third quarter of 2020, pnc began offering conforming arms using sofr instead of usd libor in line with fannie mae and freddie mac requirements. plans are in place to begin offering private student loans and portfolio loans using non-libor rates in the second quarter of 2021. pnc has provided regular updates to federal reserve, occ and fdic examination staff regarding its libor cessation and transition plans.
market risk management - customer-related trading risk we engage in fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange transactions to support our customers' investing and hedging activities. these transactions, related hedges and the credit valuation adjustment related to our customer derivatives portfolio are marked-to-market daily and reported as customer-related trading activities. we do not engage in proprietary trading of these products.
we use var as the primary means to measure and monitor market risk in customer-related trading activities. var is used to estimate the probability of portfolio losses based on the statistical analysis of historical market risk factors. a diversified var reflects empirical correlations across different asset classes. we calculate a diversified var at a 95% confidence interval and the results for 2020 and 2019 were within our acceptable limits.
to help ensure the integrity of the models used to calculate var for each portfolio and enterprise-wide, we use a process known as backtesting. the backtesting process consists of comparing actual observations of gains or losses against the var levels that were calculated at the close of the prior day. our var measure assumes that exposures remain constant and that recent market variability is a good predictor of future variability. actual observations include customer related revenue and intraday hedging which helps to reduce losses and can reduce the number of instances actual losses exceed the prior day var measure. there were minimal instances during 2020 and 2019 under our diversified var measure where actual losses exceeded the prior day var measure and those losses were insignificant. our portfolio and enterprise-wide var models utilize a historical approach with a 500 day look back period.
customer-related trading revenue was $466 million in 2020 compared with $285 million in 2019 and is recorded in other noninterest income and other interest income on our consolidated income statement. the increase was primarily due to the impact of the changes in credit valuations for customer-related derivative activities and higher derivative client sales revenues.
market risk management - equity and other investment risk equity investment risk is the risk of potential losses associated with investing in both private and public equity markets. in addition to extending credit, taking deposits, underwriting securities and trading financial instruments, we make and manage direct investments in the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k a variety of transactions, including management buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings in a variety of industries. we also have investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds that make similar investments in private equity. the economic and/or book value of these investments and other assets are directly affected by changes in market factors.
various pnc business units manage our equity and other investment activities. our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines.
a summary of our equity investments follows:
table 37: equity investments summary dollars in millions                   december 31 2020                 december 31 2019                                   change
$                       %
tax credit investments                  $2,870                           $2,218                       $652                29   %
private equity and other                 3,182                            2,958           224                              8   %
total                                   $6,052                           $5,176                       $876                17   %
tax credit investments included in our equity investments are direct tax credit investments and equity investments held by consolidated entities. these tax credit investment balances included unfunded commitments totaling $1.4 billion and $1.0 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. these unfunded commitments are included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
note 5 loan sale and servicing activities and variable interest entities in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report has further information on tax credit investments.
private equity and other the majority of our other equity investments consists of our private equity portfolio. the private equity portfolio is an illiquid portfolio consisting of mezzanine and equity investments that vary by industry, stage and type of investment. private equity investments carried at estimated fair value totaled $1.5 billion at both december 31, 2020 and 2019. as of december 31, 2020, $1.3 billion was invested directly in a variety of companies and $0.2 billion was invested indirectly through various private equity funds. see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report for discussion of the potential impacts of the volcker rule on our interests in and of private funds covered by the volcker rule.
included in our other equity investments are visa class b common shares, which are recorded at cost. visa class b common shares that we own are transferable only under limited circumstances until they can be converted into shares of the publicly-traded class a common shares, which cannot happen until the resolution of the pending interchange litigation. based upon the december 31, 2020 per share closing price of $218.73 for a visa class a common share, the estimated value of our total investment in the class b common shares was approximately $1.2 billion at the current conversion rate of visa b shares to visa a shares, while our cost basis was not significant. see note 15 fair value and note 21 legal proceedings in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information regarding our visa agreements. the estimated value does not represent fair value of the visa b common shares given the shares' limited transferability and the lack of observable transactions in the marketplace.
we also have certain other equity investments, the majority of which represent investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds with both traditional and alternative investment strategies. net gains related to these investments were not significant during 2020 and 2019.
impact of inflation our assets and liabilities are primarily financial in nature and typically have varying maturity dates. accordingly, future changes in prices do not affect the obligations to pay or receive fixed and determinable amounts of money. however, during periods of inflation, there may be a subsequent impact affecting certain fixed costs or expenses, an erosion of consumer and customer purchasing power, and fluctuations in the need or demand for our products and services. should significant levels of inflation occur, our business could potentially be impacted by, among other things, reducing our tolerance for extending credit or causing us to incur additional credit losses resulting from possible increased default rates.
financial derivatives we use a variety of financial derivatives as part of the overall asset and liability risk management process to help manage exposure to market (primarily interest rate) and credit risk inherent in our business activities. we also enter into derivatives with customers to facilitate their risk management activities.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k financial derivatives involve, to varying degrees, market and credit risk. derivatives represent contracts between parties that usually require little or no initial net investment and result in one party delivering cash or another type of asset to the other party based on a notional and an underlying as specified in the contract. therefore, cash requirements and exposure to credit risk are significantly less than the notional amount on these instruments.
further information on our financial derivatives is presented in note 1 accounting policies, note 15 fair value and note 16 financial derivatives in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
not all elements of market and credit risk are addressed through the use of financial derivatives, and such instruments may be ineffective for their intended purposes due to unanticipated market changes, among other reasons.
operational risk management operational risk is the risk to the current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational risk is inherent to the entire organization.
operational risk management is embedded in our culture and decision-making processes through a systematic approach whereby operational risks and exposures are: 1) identified and assessed; 2) managed through the design and implementation of controls; 3) measured and evaluated against our risk tolerance limits; and 4) appropriately reported to management and the risk committee. strong operational risk management and well-informed risk-based decisions benefit us by improving the customer experience, enhancing compliance, reducing reputational risk, minimizing losses and establishing an appropriate amount of required operational risk capital held by us.
the operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk. the primary purpose of the framework is to enable us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. additionally, the guidance established within the framework enables management to make well-informed risk-based business decisions.
the framework provides a disciplined and structured process for us to manage operational risk across eight operational risk domains. these domains provide a comprehensive view of operational risk and allow us to discuss operational risk in a standard way, facilitating reporting and ongoing risk mitigation.
the operational risk domains are:
•operations: risk resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, misconduct or errors of people or fraud.
•compliance: risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, self-regulatory standards, or other regulatory requirements.
•data management: risk associated with incomplete or inaccurate data.
•model: risk associated with the design, implementation, and ongoing use and management of a model.
•technology and systems: risk associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology.
•information security: risk resulting from the failure to protect information and ensure appropriate access to, and use and handling of information assets.
•business continuity: risk of potential disruptive events to business activities.
•third party: risk arising from failure of third party providers to conduct activity in a safe and sound manner and in compliance with contract provisions and applicable laws and regulations.
we utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event review and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. the program tools and methodology enable our business managers to identify potential risks and control gaps.
lines of business are responsible for identifying, owning, managing and monitoring the operational risks and controls associated with its business activities and product or service offerings to within acceptable levels. centralized functions, such as business continuity, enterprise third party management, and information security, are responsible for the development, implementation and management of their individual programs and for the development and maintenance of the policies, procedures, methodologies, tools and technology utilized across the enterprise to identify, assess, monitor and report program risks. additionally, independent risk management reviews and challenges line of business adherence to the framework to ensure proper controls are in place and appropriate risk mitigation plans are established as necessary.
conduct, reputational and strategic risk pnc's risk culture seeks to reinforce the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior through sound processes and controls. in order to promote a robust risk culture, the board and executive management establish code of conduct and professional the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k standards to which all employees must adhere. a strong risk culture discourages misconduct and supports conduct risk management at pnc. conduct risk is defined as the risk that employees fail to comply with the ethical standards expected of them. strong conduct risk management is important in supporting pnc's reputation and pnc maintains a corporate culture that emphasizes complying with laws, regulations, and managing reputational risks. reputational risk is the risk to the franchise and/or shareholder value based on a negative perception of pnc by its stakeholders and/or the changing expectations of its stakeholders. while managing pnc's reputation preserves pnc's brand value, strategic risk is another component of the erm framework that is also critical to optimizing shareholder returns. strategic risk is the risk to earnings that may arise from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions and/or inadequate response to changes in the business environment. strategic risk is considered and assessed by our businesses in the annual strategic planning processes and monitored on an on-going basis as those plans are carried out.
compliance risk enterprise compliance is responsible for oversight of compliance risk for the organization. compliance issues are identified and tracked through enterprise-wide monitoring and testing activities. compliance risk issues are escalated through a comprehensive risk reporting process at both a business and enterprise level and incorporated, as appropriate, into the development and assessment of our operational risk profile. a management committee, co-chaired by the chief compliance officer and the chief bsa/aml officer, is responsible for oversight of compliance and fiduciary risk management programs across pnc. enterprise compliance, through the regulatory change program, helps pnc understand and proactively address emerging regulatory topics and risks as well as respond to changes in applicable laws and regulations. to understand emerging issues impacting the industry, enterprise compliance communicates regularly with various regulators having supervisory or regulatory responsibilities with respect to us, our subsidiaries, or businesses and participates in forums focused on regulatory and compliance matters in the financial services industry.
information security risk the information security component of our operational risk management framework is responsible for protecting information assets to achieve business objectives, which includes cyber security. pnc's cyber security program is designed to identify risks to sensitive information, protect that information, detect threats and events, and maintain an appropriate response and recovery capability to help ensure resilience against information security incidents. the program includes, among other things, annual security and privacy training for all pnc employees and quarterly phishing exercises to raise employee awareness. our security program is also regularly examined by federal regulators for compliance with financial regulations and standards. the program also establishes expectations for information asset management, system development security, identity and access management, incident management, threat and vulnerability management, security operations management, and third and fourth party security.
critical accounting estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared by applying certain accounting policies. note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report describes the most significant accounting policies that we use. certain of these policies require us to make estimates or economic assumptions that may vary under different assumptions or conditions, and such variations may significantly affect our reported results and financial position for the period or in future periods.
allowance for credit losses on january 1, 2020, we adopted asu 2016-13 - credit losses, commonly referred to as the cecl standard. the following discussion relates to our acl, post implementation of cecl. for additional information on our allowances for loan and lease losses and unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit prior to this adoption see note 1 accounting policies and critical accounting estimates and judgments in our 2019 form 10-k.
we maintain the acl at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date to absorb expected credit losses on our existing investment securities, loans, equipment finance leases (including residual values), other financial assets and unfunded lending related commitments, for the remaining contractual term of the assets or exposures, taking into consideration expected prepayments. our determination of the acl is based on historical loss experience, current borrower characteristics, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and other relevant factors. we use methods sensitive to changes in economic conditions to interpret these factors to estimate expected credit losses. we evaluate and, when appropriate, enhance the quality of our data and models and other methods used to estimate acl on an ongoing basis. we apply qualitative factors to reflect in the acl our best estimate of amounts that we do not expect to collect because of, among other things, idiosyncratic risk factors, changes in economic conditions that may not be reflected in forecasted results, or other potential methodology weaknesses. the acl estimates are therefore susceptible to various factors, including, but not limited to, the following major factors:
•current economic conditions and borrower quality: our forecast of expected losses depends on conditions and portfolio quality as of the estimation date. as current conditions evolve, forecasted losses could be materially affected.
•scenario weights and design: our loss estimates are sensitive to the shape and severity of macroeconomic forecasts and thus vary significantly between upside and downside scenarios. change to probability weights assigned to these scenarios and timing of peak business cycles reflected by the scenarios could materially affect our loss estimates.

•portfolio volume and mix: changes to portfolio volume and mix could materially affect our estimates, as cecl reserves would be recognized upon origination or acquisition.
for all assets and unfunded lending related commitments within the scope of the cecl standard, the applicable acl is composed of one or a combination of the following components: (i) collectively assessed or pooled reserves, (ii) individually assessed reserves, and
(iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves. our methodologies and key assumptions for each of these components are discussed in note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
reasonable and supportable economic forecast under cecl, we are required to consider reasonable and supportable forecasts in estimating expected credit losses. for this purpose, we have established a framework which includes a three year forecast period and the use of four economic scenarios with associated probability weights, which in combination create a forecast of expected economic outcomes over our reasonable and supportable forecast period. credit losses estimated in our reasonable and supportable forecast period are sensitive to the shape and severity of the scenarios used and weights assigned to them.
to generate the four economic forecast scenarios we use a combination of quantitative macroeconomic models, other measures of economic activity and forward-looking expert judgment to forecast the distribution of economic outcomes over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. each scenario is then given an associated probability (weight) in order to represent our current expectation within that distribution over the forecast period. this process is informed by current economic conditions, expected business cycle evolution and the expert judgment of pnc's cecl rac. this approach seeks to provide a reasonable representation of the forecast of expected economic outcomes and is used to estimate expected credit losses across a variety of loans and securities. each quarter the scenarios are presented for approval to pnc's cecl rac, and the committee determines and approves cecl scenarios' weights for use for the current reporting period.
the scenarios used for the period ended december 31, 2020 were designed to reflect the economic recovery that began in may, which consistently outpaced market expectations and remained strong through the end of the year, but has begun to show signs of an impending slowdown. we used a number of economic variables in our scenarios, with the most significant drivers being gdp and unemployment rate measures. using the weighted-average of our four economic forecast scenarios, we estimated that gdp grew 3.0% in the fourth quarter of 2020 finishing the year down 2.8% from fourth quarter 2019 levels with 2.3% growth in 2021, recovering to pre-recession peak levels in the first quarter of 2022. the weighted-average unemployment rate was estimated to rise to 7.8% in the first quarter of 2021, with the labor market beginning to recover again in third quarter 2021, and ending 2021 at 6.8%. the unemployment rate was estimated to reach 5.7% and 5.0% by the end of 2022 and 2023, respectively. one of the scenarios included in our weighted-average is our baseline prediction of the most likely economic outcome; which includes estimated gdp recovering to pre-pandemic levels in late 2021 with unemployment not expected to return to its pre-pandemic level until at least 2023. see our business outlook and the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information in this item 7 for additional discussion on our baseline prediction of the most likely economic outcome. while the economy saw significant recovery from the onset of the pandemic in national level macroeconomic indicators, considerable uncertainty remains regarding overall lifetime loss content for both our commercial and consumer portfolios, specifically as it relates to our customers that are less likely to benefit from the economic recovery currently underway. for commercial borrowers, there are substantial concerns around industries that are dependent on in-person gatherings, hospitality and tourism. for consumer borrowers, payment behavior once the cares act stimulus wanes is also difficult to predict but we believe the highest uncertainty is concentrated within consumer borrowers who have been afforded accommodation as it relates to payment deferral/forbearance. as such, for both our commercial and consumer loan portfolios, pnc identified and performed significant analysis around these key, highly impacted segments to ensure our reserves were adequate in light of the improved economic environment. we believe that the economic assumptions used in the scenarios for the fourth quarter of 2020, in combination with increased reserves for borrowers in segments most adversely impacted by the pandemic, sufficiently reflect the life of loan losses in the current portfolio.
for internal analytical purposes, we considered what our capital ratios would be if we had an acl at december 31, 2020 equal to the federal reserve's estimated nine quarter credit losses for pnc under the 2020 ccar supervisory severely adverse scenario of $12.1 billion, increasing the reserves by approximately $6.0 billion at year end. this analysis resulted in a cet1 ratio of approximately 10.6% at december 31, 2020, a level well above 7.0%, which is our regulatory minimum of 4.5% plus our scb of 2.5%. this scenario was not our expectation at december 31, 2020 and does not reflect our current expectation, nor does it capture all the potential unknown variables, but it provides an approximation of a possible outcome under hypothetical severe conditions. the cecl methodology inherently requires a high degree of judgment. as a result, it is possible that we may, at another point in time, reach different conclusions regarding our credit loss estimates.
residential and commercial mortgage servicing rights we elect to measure our msrs at fair value. this election was made to be consistent with our risk management strategy to hedge changes in the fair value of these assets. the fair value of our msrs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow valuation model the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k which calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs, and other factors which are determined based on current market conditions.
we employ risk management strategies designed to protect the value of msrs from changes in interest rates and related market factors. the values of the msrs are economically hedged with securities and derivatives, including interest-rate swaps, options, and forward mortgage-backed and futures contracts. as interest rates change, these financial instruments are expected to have changes in fair value negatively correlated to the change in fair value of the hedged msr portfolios. the hedge relationships are actively managed in response to changing market conditions over the life of the msrs. selecting appropriate financial instruments to economically hedge residential or commercial msrs requires significant management judgment to assess how mortgage rates and prepayment speeds could affect the future values of msrs. hedging results can frequently be less predictable in the short term, but over longer periods of time are expected to protect the economic value of the msrs.
for additional information on our residential and commercial msrs, see note 1 accounting policies, note 6 goodwill and mortgage servicing rights and note 15 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
fair value measurements we must use estimates, assumptions and judgments when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at, or adjusted to reflect, fair value. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. fair values and the information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets and liabilities are based on either quoted market prices or are provided by independent third-party sources, including appraisers and valuation specialists, when available. when such third-party information is not available, we estimate fair value primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling techniques. changes in underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates in any of these areas could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations.
we apply asc 820 - fair value measurements. this guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. this guidance requires a three level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. the classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used in the measurement are observable or unobservable. level 3 assets and liabilities are those where the fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs.
for additional information on fair value measurements, see note 15 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report regarding the impact of new accounting pronouncements which we have adopted.
off-balance sheet arrangements and variable interest entities we engage in a variety of activities that involve entities that are not consolidated or otherwise reflected in our consolidated balance sheet that are generally referred to as "off-balance sheet arrangements." additional information on these types of activities is included in the following sections of this report:
•contractual obligations and commitments included within the risk management section of this item 7, and
•note 5 loan sale and servicing activities and variable interest entities,
•note 10 borrowed funds,
•note 11 commitments, and
•note 12 equity, all of which are in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
a summary and further description of vies as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 is included in note 1 accounting policies and note 5 loan sale and servicing and variable interest entities in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
trust preferred securities see note 10 borrowed funds in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information on trust preferred securities issued by pnc capital trust c including information on contractual limitations potentially imposed on payments (including dividends) with respect to pnc's equity securities.
the pnc financial services group, inc. - 2020 form 10-k cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information we make statements in this report, and we may from time to time make other statements, regarding our outlook for earnings, revenues, expenses, tax rates, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position, and other matters regarding or affecting us and our future business and operations that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "believe," "plan," "expect," "anticipate," "see," "look," "intend," "outlook," "project," "forecast," "estimate," "goal," "will," "should" and other similar words and expressions.
forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. we do not assume any duty and do not undertake to update forward-looking statements. actual results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, as well as from historical performance. as a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
our forward-looking statements are subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties.
▪our businesses, financial results and balance sheet values are affected by business and economic conditions, including the following:
-changes in interest rates and valuations in debt, equity and other financial markets,
-disruptions in the u.s. and global financial markets,
-actions by the federal reserve board, u.s. treasury and other government agencies, including those that impact money supply and market interest rates,
-changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or legislative or regulatory initiatives,
-changes in customers', suppliers' and other counterparties' performance and creditworthiness,
-impacts of tariffs and other trade policies of the u.s. and its global trading partners,
-the length and extent of the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic,
-the impact of the results of the recent u.s. elections on the regulatory landscape, capital markets, and the response to and management of the covid-19 pandemic, including whether there will be additional fiscal stimulus from the federal government and, if so, its size, scope and effectiveness, and
-commodity price volatility.
▪our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our views that:
-the u.s. economy is in an economic recovery, following a very severe but very short economic contraction in the first half of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic and public health measures to contain it.
-despite the improvement in the economy since the spring of 2020, economic activity remains far below its pre-pandemic level and unemployment remains elevated.
-growth will be much weaker in early 2021 because of record covid-19 cases and continued government restrictions of economic activity. growth should then pick up in the spring of 2021 as vaccines are more widely available and the federal government provides aid to households and small and medium-sized businesses. pnc does not expect real gdp to return to its pre-pandemic level until late 2021, and does not expect employment to return to its pre-pandemic level until at least 2023.
-pnc expects the fomc to keep the fed funds rate in its current range of 0.00% to 0.25% through at least mid-2024.
•pnc's ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to pnc meeting or exceeding a stress capital buffer established by the federal reserve board in connection with the federal reserve board's ccar process. the federal reserve also has imposed additional limitations on capital distributions through the first quarter of 2021 by ccar-participating bank holding companies and may extend these limitations, potentially in modified form.
•pnc's regulatory capital ratios in the future will depend on, among other things, the company's financial performance, the scope and terms of final capital regulations then in effect and management actions affecting the composition of pnc's balance sheet. in addition, pnc's ability to determine, evaluate and forecast regulatory capital ratios, and to take actions (such as capital distributions) based on actual or forecasted capital ratios, will be dependent at least in part on the development, validation and regulatory review of related models.
•legal and regulatory developments could have an impact on our ability to operate our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, reputation, or pursuit of attractive acquisition opportunities. reputational impacts could affect matters such as business generation and retention, liquidity, funding, and ability to attract and retain management. these developments could include:
-changes to laws and regulations, including changes affecting oversight of the financial services industry, consumer protection, bank capital and liquidity standards, pension, bankruptcy and other industry aspects, and changes in accounting policies and principles.

-unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings or other claims and regulatory and other governmental investigations or other inquiries. these matters may result in monetary judgments or settlements or other remedies, including fines, penalties, restitution or alterations in our business practices, and in additional expenses and collateral costs, and may cause reputational harm to pnc.
-results of the regulatory examination and supervision process, including our failure to satisfy requirements of agreements with governmental agencies.
-impact on business and operating results of any costs associated with obtaining rights in intellectual property claimed by others and of adequacy of our intellectual property protection in general.
•business and operating results are affected by our ability to identify and effectively manage risks inherent in our businesses, including, where appropriate, through effective use of systems and controls, third-party insurance, derivatives, and capital management techniques, and to meet evolving regulatory capital and liquidity standards.
•our planned acquisition of bbva presents us with risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transaction itself and to the integration of the acquired business into pnc after closing:
-the business of bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, going forward may not perform as we currently project or in a manner consistent with historical performance. as a result, the anticipated benefits, including estimated cost savings, of the transaction may be significantly harder or take longer to achieve than expected or may not be achieved in their entirety as a result of unexpected factors or events, including those that are outside of our control.
-the combination of bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, with that of pnc and pnc bank may be more difficult to achieve than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results relating to bbva, including its u.s. banking subsidiary, bbva usa, or our existing businesses.
-completion of the transaction is dependent on the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, which cannot be assured. the timing of completion of the transaction is dependent on various factors that cannot be predicted with precision at this point.
•in addition to the planned bbva transaction, we grow our business in part through acquisitions and new strategic initiatives. risks and uncertainties include those presented by the nature of the business acquired and strategic initiative, including in some cases those associated with our entry into new businesses or new geographic or other markets and risks resulting from our inexperience in those new areas, as well as risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition transactions themselves, regulatory issues, and the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
•competition can have an impact on customer acquisition, growth and retention and on credit spreads and product pricing, which can affect market share, deposits and revenues. our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes can also impact our ability to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands.
•business and operating results can also be affected by widespread natural and other disasters, pandemics, dislocations, terrorist activities, system failures, security breaches, cyberattacks or international hostilities through impacts on the economy and financial markets generally or on us or our counterparties specifically.
we provide greater detail regarding these as well as other factors in this report, including in item 1a risk factors, the risk management section of item 7, and note 11 commitments and note 21 legal proceedings in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. our forward-looking statements may also be subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the sec.
