item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in the description of these operations contained elsewhere in this report, set forth below are risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results.  unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the following risks and uncertainties apply to pinnacle west and its subsidiaries, including aps.
regulatory risks our financial condition depends upon aps's ability to recover costs in a timely manner from customers through regulated rates and otherwise execute its business strategy.
aps is subject to comprehensive regulation by several federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence its business, liquidity and results of operations and its ability to fully recover costs from utility customers in a timely manner.  the acc regulates aps's retail electric rates and ferc regulates rates for wholesale power sales and transmission services.  the profitability of aps is affected by the rates it may charge and the timeliness of recovering costs incurred through its rates and adjustor recovery mechanisms. consequently, our financial condition and results of operations are dependent upon the satisfactory resolution of any aps rate proceedings, adjustor recovery and ancillary matters which may come before the acc and ferc, including in some cases how court challenges to these regulatory decisions are resolved. arizona, like certain other states, has a statute that allows the acc to reopen prior decisions and modify otherwise final orders under certain circumstances. additionally, given that aps is subject to oversight by several regulatory agencies, a resolution by one may not foreclose potential actions by others for similar or related matters, such as the recent resolution of an arizona attorney general matter (see note 11).
the acc must also approve aps's issuance of equity and debt securities and any significant transfer or encumbrance of aps property used to provide retail electric service, and must approve or receive prior notification of certain transactions between us, aps and our respective affiliates, including the infusion of equity into aps.  decisions made by the acc or ferc could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
aps's ability to conduct its business operations and avoid negative operational and financial impacts depends in part upon compliance with federal, state and local statutes, regulations and acc requirements, which may be revised from time to time by legislative or other action, and obtaining and maintaining certain regulatory permits, approvals and certificates.
aps must comply in good faith with all applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and orders of agencies that regulate aps's business, including ferc, nrc, epa, the acc, and state and local governmental agencies.  these agencies regulate many aspects of aps's utility operations, including safety and performance, emissions, siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that aps can charge retail and wholesale customers.  failure to comply can subject aps to, among other things, fines and penalties.  for example, under the energy policy act of 2005, ferc can impose penalties (approximately $1.2 million dollars per day per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards.  aps is also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from these agencies.  aps believes the necessary permits, approvals and certificates have been obtained for its existing operations and that aps's business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws in all material respects.
changes in laws or regulations that govern aps, new interpretations of law and regulations, or the imposition of new or revised laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on the manner in which we operate our business and our results of operations. in particular, new or revised laws or interpretations of existing laws or regulations may impact or call into question the acc's permissive regulatory authority, which may result in uncertainty as to jurisdictional authority within our state, and uncertainty as to whether acc decisions will be binding or challenged by other agencies or bodies asserting jurisdiction. we are unable to predict the impact on our business and operating results from any pending or future regulatory or legislative rulemaking.
the operation of aps's nuclear power plant exposes it to substantial regulatory oversight and potentially significant liabilities and capital expenditures.
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose safety-related, security-related and other licensing requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities.  events at nuclear facilities of other operators or impacting the industry generally may lead the nrc to impose additional requirements and regulations on all nuclear generating facilities, including palo verde.  in the event of noncompliance with its requirements, the nrc has the authority to impose a progressively increased inspection regime that could ultimately result in the shut-down of a unit or civil penalties, or both, depending upon the nrc's assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  the increased costs resulting from penalties, a heightened level of scrutiny and implementation of plans to achieve compliance with nrc requirements may adversely affect aps's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
aps is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, and changes in, or liabilities under, existing or new laws or regulations may increase aps's cost of operations or impact its business plans.
aps is, or may become, subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of its present and future operations, including air emissions of conventional pollutants and greenhouse gases, water quality, discharges of wastewater and waste streams originating from fly ash and bottom ash handling facilities, solid waste, hazardous waste, and coal combustion products, which consist of bottom ash, fly ash, and air pollution control wastes.  these laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating, and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on power plant emissions obligations.  these laws and regulations generally require aps to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, and other approvals.  if there is a delay or failure to obtain any required environmental regulatory approval, or if aps fails to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be suspended or subject to additional expenses.  in addition, failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil liability as a result of government enforcement actions or private claims or criminal penalties.  both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce applicable environmental laws and regulations.  aps cannot predict the outcome (financial or operational) of any related litigation that may arise.
environmental clean up.  aps has been named as a prp for a superfund site in phoenix, arizona, and it could be named a prp in the future for other environmental clean-up at sites identified by a regulatory body. aps cannot predict with certainty the amount and timing of all future expenditures related to environmental matters because of the difficulty of estimating clean-up costs.  there is also uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all prps.
coal ash.  in december 2014, epa issued final regulations governing the handling and disposal of ccr, which are generated as a result of burning coal and consist of, among other things, fly ash and bottom ash. the rule regulates ccr as a non-hazardous waste. aps currently disposes of ccr in ash ponds and dry storage areas at cholla and four corners. to the extent the rule requires the closure or modification of these ccr units or the construction of new ccr units beyond what we currently anticipate, aps would incur significant additional costs for ccr disposal. in addition, the rule may also require corrective action to address releases from ccr disposal units or the presence of ccr constituents within groundwater near ccr disposal units above certain regulatory thresholds.
ozone national ambient air quality standards.  in 2015, epa finalized revisions to the national ambient air quality standards for nitrogen oxides, which set new, more stringent standards intended to protect human health and human welfare. depending on the final attainment designations for the new standards and the state implementation requirements, aps may be required to invest in new pollution control technologies and to generate emission offsets for new projects or facility expansions located in ozone nonattainment areas.
aps cannot assure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new regulations seeking to protect the environment will not be adopted or become applicable to it.  revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs incurred by aps are not fully recoverable from aps's customers, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  due to current or potential future regulations or legislation coupled with trends in natural gas and coal prices, or other clean energy rules or initiatives, the economics or feasibility of continuing to own certain resources, particularly coal facilities, may deteriorate, warranting early retirement of those plants, which may result in asset impairments.  aps would seek recovery in rates for the book value of any remaining investments in the plants as well as other costs related to early retirement, but cannot predict whether it would obtain such recovery.
aps faces potential financial risks resulting from climate change litigation and legislative and regulatory efforts to limit ghg emissions, as well as physical and operational risks related to climate effects.
concern over climate change has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit co2, which is a major byproduct of the combustion of fossil fuel, and other ghg emissions.
potential financial risks - greenhouse gas regulation, the clean power plan and potential litigation.  in 2015, epa finalized a rule to limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants, the cpp. the implementation of this rule within the jurisdictions where aps operates would have resulted in a shift in generation from coal to more natural gas and renewable generation. because of a view that the federal clean air act did not permit such an expansive use of administrative authority over utility generation resources, in 2019 regulations were issued that repealed the cpp and replaced it with a far narrower set of regulations focused solely on coal-fired power plant efficiency improvements. on january  19, 2021, the u.s. court of appeals for the d.c. circuit vacated the ace regulations and remanded them back to epa to develop new regulations governing carbon emissions from existing power plants consistent with the court's ruling. that decision endorsed an expansive view of the federal clean air act consistent with epa's 2015 cpp, and the current administration has expressed its intent to assert such authority through new carbon emission regulations governing existing power plants.
depending on the outcome of future carbon emission rulemakings under the clean air act targeting new and existing power plants, the utility industry may become subject to more stringent and expansive regulations. to the extent that these regulations focus on generation shifting as a means of compliance with federal emission performance standards, the electric utility industry may be forced to incur substantial costs necessary to achieve compliance. in addition, we anticipate that such regulations will be challenged in federal court prior to their implementation. depending on the outcome of such judicial review, the utility industry may face alternative efforts from private parties seeking to establish alternative ghg emission limitations from power plants. alternative ghg emission limitations may arise from litigation under either federal or state common laws or citizen suit provisions of federal environmental statutes that attempt to force federal agency rulemaking or imposing direct facility emission limitations. such lawsuits may also seek damages from harm alleged to have resulted from power plant ghg emissions.
physical and operational risks. weather extremes such as drought and high temperature variations are common occurrences in the southwest united states' desert area, and these are risks that aps considers in the normal course of business in the engineering and construction of its electric system.
large increases in ambient temperatures could require evaluation of certain materials used within its system and may represent a greater challenge. as part of conducting its business, aps recognizes that the southwestern united states is particularly susceptible to the risks posed by climate change, which over time is projected to exacerbate high temperature extremes and prolong drought in the area where aps conducts its business.
co-owners of our jointly owned generation facilities may have unaligned goals and positions due to the effects of legislation, regulations, economic conditions or changes in our industry, which could have a significant impact on our ability to continue operations of such facilities.
aps owns certain of our power plants jointly with other owners with varying ownership interests in such facilities. changes in the nature of our industry and the economic viability of certain plants, including impacts resulting from types and availability of other resources, fuel costs, legislation and regulation, together with timing considerations related to expiration of leases or other agreements for such facilities, could result in unaligned positions among co-owners. such differences in the co-owners' willingness or ability to continue their participation could ultimately lead to disagreements among the parties as to how and whether to continue operation of such plants, which could lead to eventual shut down of units or facilities and uncertainty related to the resulting cost recovery of such assets. (see note 4 for a discussion of the navajo plant and cholla retirement and the related risks associated with aps's continued recovery of its remaining investment in the plant.)
deregulation or restructuring of the electric industry may result in increased competition, which could have a significant adverse impact on aps's business and its results of operations.
in 1999, the acc approved rules for the introduction of retail electric competition in arizona.  retail competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on aps due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers, lower profit margins or increased costs of capital.  although some very limited retail competition existed in aps's service area in 1999 and 2000, there are currently no active retail competitors offering unbundled energy or other utility services to aps's customers.  this is in large part due to a 2004 arizona court of appeals decision that found critical components of the acc's rules to be violative of the arizona constitution. the ruling also voided the operating authority of all the competitive providers previously authorized by the acc. on may 9, 2013, the acc voted to re-examine the facilitation of a deregulated retail electric market in arizona.  the acc subsequently opened a docket for this matter and received comments from a number of interested parties on the considerations involved in establishing retail electric deregulation in the state.  one of these considerations is whether various aspects of a deregulated market, including setting utility rates on a "market" basis, would be consistent with the requirements of the arizona constitution.  on september 11, 2013, after receiving legal advice from the acc staff, the acc voted 4-1 to close the current docket and await full arizona constitutional authority before any further examination of this matter.  the motion approved by the acc also included opening one or more new dockets in the future to explore options to offer more rate choices to customers and innovative changes within the existing cost-of-service regulatory model that could include elements of competition.
one of these options would be a continuation or expansion of aps's existing ag (alternative generation)-x program, which essentially allows up to 200 mw of cumulative load to be served via a buy-through arrangement with competitive suppliers of generation.  the ag-x program was approved by the acc as part of the 2017 settlement agreement (as defined in note 4).
in november 2018, the acc voted to again re-examine retail competition. in addition, proposals to enable or support retail electric competition may be made from time to time through ballot initiatives, legislative action or other forums in arizona. the acc held a workshop on february 25-26, 2020 on further consideration and discussion of the retail electric competition rules. aps cannot predict whether these efforts will result in any changes and, if changes to the rules results, what impact these rules would have on aps.
changes in tax legislation or regulation may affect our financial results.
we are subject to taxation by various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels. legislation or regulations could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities, which could affect the company's tax positions. the prospects for federal tax reform have increased due to the results of the recent elections. any such reform may impact the company's effective tax rate, cash taxes paid and other financial results, such as earnings per share, gross revenues and cash flows. we cannot predict the timing or extent of such tax-related developments which, absent appropriate regulatory treatment, could have a negative impact on our financial results.
operational risks aps's results of operations can be adversely affected by various factors impacting demand for electricity.
weather conditions.  weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and affect the price of energy commodities.  electric power demand is generally a seasonal business.  in arizona, demand for power peaks during the hot summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time.  as a result, aps's overall operating results fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.  in addition, aps has historically sold less power, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are milder.  as a result, unusually mild weather could diminish aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
apart from the impact upon electricity demand, weather conditions related to prolonged high temperatures or extreme heat events present operational challenges. in the southwestern united states, where aps conducts its business, the effects of climate change are projected to increase the overall average temperature, lead to more extreme temperature events, and exacerbate prolonged drought conditions leading to the declining availability of water resources. extreme heat events and rising temperatures are projected to reduce the generation capacity of thermal-power plants and decrease the efficiency of the transmission grid. these operational risks related to rising temperatures and extreme heat events could affect aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
higher temperatures may decrease the snowpack, which might result in lowered soil moisture and an increased threat of forest fires.  forest fires could threaten aps's communities and electric transmission lines and facilities.  any damage caused as a result of forest fires could negatively impact aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, the decrease in snowpack can also lead to reduced water supplies in the areas where aps relies upon non-renewable water resources to supply cooling and process water for electricity generation. prolonged and extreme drought conditions can also affect aps's long-term ability to access the water resources necessary for thermal electricity generation operations. reductions in the availability of water for power plant cooling could negatively impact aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
effects of energy conservation measures and distributed energy resources.  the acc has enacted rules regarding energy efficiency that mandate a 22% cumulative annual energy savings requirement by 2020.  this will likely increase participation by aps customers in energy efficiency and conservation programs and other demand-side management efforts, which in turn will impact the demand for electricity.  the rules also include a requirement for the acc to review and address financial disincentives, recovery of fixed costs and the recovery of net lost revenue that would result from lower sales due to increased energy efficiency requirements.  to that end, the lfcr is designed to address these matters.
aps must also meet certain distributed energy requirements.  a portion of aps's total renewable energy requirement must be met with an increasing percentage of distributed energy resources (generally, small scale renewable technologies located on customers' properties).  the distributed energy requirement is 30% of the applicable res requirement for 2012 and subsequent years.  customer participation in distributed energy programs would result in lower demand, since customers would be meeting some of their own energy needs.
in addition to these rules and requirements, energy efficiency technologies and distributed energy resources continue to evolve, which may have similar impacts on demand for electricity. reduced demand due to these energy efficiency requirements, distributed energy requirements and other emerging technologies, unless substantially offset through ratemaking mechanisms, could have a material adverse impact on aps's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
actual and projected customer and sales growth.  retail customers in aps's service territory increased 2.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period. for the three years 2018 through 2020, aps's customer growth averaged 2.0% per year. we currently project annual customer growth to be 1.5% to 2.5% for 2021 and for 2021 through 2023 based on our assessment of steady population growth in arizona.
retail electricity sales in kwh, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations, increased 1.4% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period. while steady customer growth was offset by energy savings driven by customer conservation, energy efficiency, and distributed renewable generation initiatives, the main drivers of positive sales for this period were continued strong residential sales due to work-from-home policies and a gradual improvement in sales to commercial and industrial customers. though the total expected impact of covid-19 on future sales is currently unknown, aps has experienced higher electric residential sales and lower electric commercial and industrial sales since the outset of the pandemic. from march 13, 2020 through december 31, 2020, the cumulative impact on weather-normalized usage was approximately a 1% increase. during that period, aps's retail electric residential weather-normalized sales increased 5%, and its retail electric commercial and industrial weather-normalized sales decreased 4% in the aggregate. aps expects the reduction in electric demand from commercial and industrial customers and increased demand from residential customers to normalize somewhat into 2021 as business activity continues to recover and more people return to work.
for the three years 2018 through 2020, annual retail electricity sales were about flat, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations. we currently project that annual retail electricity sales in kwh will increase in the range of 0.5% to 1.5% for 2021 and increase on average in the range of 1.0% to 2.0% during 2021 through 2023, including the effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, but excluding the effects of weather variations. this projected sales growth range now includes our estimated contributions of several large data centers, but not all, and we will continue to estimate contributions and evaluate sales guidance as these customers develop more usage history. these estimates could be further impacted by slower than expected growth of the arizona economy, slower than expected ramp-up of the new data centers, or acceleration of the expected effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency, distributed renewable generation initiatives.
actual customer and sales growth may differ from our projections as a result of numerous factors, such as economic conditions, customer growth, usage patterns and energy conservation, ramp up of data centers, impacts of energy efficiency programs and growth in distributed generation, and responses to retail price changes. additionally, recovery of a substantial portion of our fixed costs of providing service is based upon the volumetric amount of our sales.  if our customer growth rate does not continue to improve as projected, or if we experience acceleration of expected effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency or distributed renewable generation initiatives, we may be unable to reach our estimated sales projections, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the operation of power generation facilities and transmission systems involves risks that could result in reduced output or unscheduled outages, which could materially affect aps's results of operations.
the operation of power generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption, and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency.  unscheduled outages, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other complications, occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of aps's business.  because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the larger transmission power grid, and the operation or failure of our facilities could adversely affect the operations of others.  concerns over physical security of these assets could include damage to certain of our facilities due to vandalism or other deliberate acts that could lead to outages or other adverse effects. if aps's facilities operate below expectations, especially during its peak seasons, it may lose revenue or incur additional expenses, including increased purchased power expenses.
the impact of wildfires could negatively affect aps's results of operations.
wildfires have the potential to affect the communities that aps serves and aps's vast network of electric transmission and distribution lines and facilities. the potential likelihood of wildfires has increased due to many of the same weather impacts existing in arizona as those that led to the catastrophic wildfires in northern california. while we proactively take steps to mitigate wildfire risk in the areas of our electrical assets, wildfire risk is always present due to aps's expansive service territory. aps could be held liable for damages incurred as a result of wildfires if it was determined that they were caused by or enhanced due to aps's negligence. the arizona liability standard is different from that of california, which generally imposes liability for resulting damages without regard to fault. any damage caused to our assets, loss of service to our customers, or liability imposed as a result of wildfires could negatively impact aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the inability to successfully develop, acquire or operate generation resources to meet reliability requirements and other new or evolving standards or regulations could adversely impact our business.
potential changes in regulatory standards, impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, and the need to obtain various regulatory approvals create uncertainty surrounding our current and future generation portfolio. the current regulatory standards, laws, and regulations create strategic challenges as to the appropriate generation portfolio and fuel diversification mix. in addition, aps is required by the acc to meet certain energy resource portfolio requirements, including those related to carbon emissions, renewables development and energy efficiency measures. the development of any generation facility is also subject to many risks, including those related to financing, siting, permitting, new and evolving technology, and the construction of sufficient transmission capacity to support these facilities. aps's inability to adequately develop or acquire the necessary generation resources could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
in expressing concerns about the environmental and climate-related impacts from continued extraction, transportation, delivery and combustion of fossil fuels, environmental advocacy groups and other third parties have in recent years undertaken greater efforts to oppose the permitting, construction, and operation of fossil fuel infrastructure projects. these efforts may increase in scope and frequency depending on a number of variables, including the future course of federal environmental regulation and the increasing financial resources devoted to these opposition activities. aps cannot predict the effect that any such opposition may have on our ability to develop, construct and operate fossil fuel infrastructure projects in the future.
in january 2020, aps announced its goal to provide 100% clean, carbon-free electricity by 2050 with an intermediate 2030 target of achieving a resource mix that is 65% clean energy, with 45% of the generation portfolio coming from renewable energy. aps's ability to successfully execute its clean energy commitment is dependent upon a number of external factors, some of which include supportive national and state energy policies, a supportive regulatory environment, sales and customer growth, the development, deployment and advancement of clean energy technologies and continued access to capital markets.
the lack of access to sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on aps's business and results of operations.
assured supplies of water are important for aps's generating plants.  water in the southwestern united states is limited, and various parties have made conflicting claims regarding the right to access and use such limited supply of water.  both groundwater and surface water in areas important to aps's generating plants have been and are the subject of inquiries, claims and legal proceedings.  in addition, the region in which aps's power plants are located is prone to drought conditions, which could potentially affect the plants' water supplies.  climate change is also projected to exacerbate prolonged drought conditions. aps's inability to access sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we are subject to cybersecurity risks and risks of unauthorized access to our systems that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. in the regular course of our business, we handle a range of sensitive security, customer and business systems information. there appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric utility industry and wish to disrupt the u.s. bulk power, transmission and distribution system. our information technology systems, generation (including our palo verde nuclear facility), transmission and distribution facilities, and other infrastructure facilities and systems and physical assets could be targets of unauthorized access and are critical areas of cyber protection for us.
we rely extensively on it systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms. some of these systems are managed, hosted, provided, or used for third parties to assist in conducting our business. malicious actors may attack vendors to disrupt the services these vendors provide to us or to use those vendors as a cyber conduit to attack us. as more third parties are involved in the operation of our business, there is a risk the confidentiality, integrity, privacy or security of data held by, or accessible to, third parties may be compromised.
if a significant cybersecurity event or breach were to occur, we may not be able to fulfill critical business functions and we could (i) experience property damage, disruptions to our business, theft of or unauthorized access to customer, employee, financial or system operation information or other information; (ii) experience loss of revenue or incur significant costs for repair, remediation and breach notification, and increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security measures; and (iii) be subject to increased regulation, litigation and reputational damage. if such disruptions or breaches are not detected quickly, their effect could be compounded or could delay our response or the effectiveness of our response and ability to limit our exposure to potential liability. these types of events could also require significant management attention and resources, and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cybersecurity incidents which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. these systems and processes may be insufficient to mitigate the possibility of information and cybersecurity incidents, malicious social engineering, fraudulent or other malicious activities, and human error or malfeasance in the safeguarding of our data.
we are subject to laws and rules issued by multiple government agencies concerning safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of our security, customer and business information. one of these agencies, nerc, has issued comprehensive regulations and standards surrounding the security of bulk power systems, and is continually in the process of developing updated and additional requirements with which the utility industry must comply. the nrc also has issued regulations and standards related to the protection of critical digital assets at commercial nuclear power plants. the increasing promulgation of nerc and nrc rules and standards will increase our compliance costs and our exposure to the potential risk of violations of the standards. experiencing a cybersecurity incident could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations, such as those promulgated by nerc and the nrc, privacy laws, or contracts that require us to securely maintain confidential data, causing us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties.
the risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify. we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, threats and attempted intrusions to our information technology systems and we could experience such threats and attempted intrusions to our operational control systems. to date we do not believe we have experienced a material breach or disruption to our network or information systems or our service operations. we may not be able to anticipate and prevent all cyberattacks or information security breaches, and our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices may not be effective against all threat actors. as such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, we may be unable to prevent all such attacks from being successful in the future.
we maintain cyber insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach of our information technology systems, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss or damage caused by a breach. coverage for cybersecurity events continues to evolve as the industry matures. in the future, adequate insurance may not be available at rates that we believe are reasonable, and the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates.
the ownership and operation of power generation and transmission facilities on indian lands could result in uncertainty related to continued leases, easements and rights-of-way, which could have a significant impact on our business.
four corners and portions of certain aps transmission lines are located on indian lands pursuant to leases, easements or other rights-of-way that are effective for specified periods.  aps is unable to predict the final outcomes of pending and future approvals by the applicable sovereign governing bodies with respect to renewals of these leases, easements and rights-of-way.
there are inherent risks in the ownership and operation of nuclear facilities, such as environmental, health, fuel supply, spent fuel disposal, regulatory and financial risks and the risk of terrorist attack that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
aps has an ownership interest in and operates, on behalf of a group of participants, palo verde, which is the largest nuclear electric generating facility in the united states.  palo verde constitutes approximately 18% of our owned and leased generation capacity.  palo verde is subject to environmental, health and financial risks, such as the ability to obtain adequate supplies of nuclear fuel; the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel; the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning; potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities; the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks; and unscheduled outages due to equipment and other problems.  aps maintains nuclear decommissioning trust funds and external insurance coverage to minimize its financial exposure to some of these risks; however, it is possible that damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage.  in addition, aps may be required under federal law to pay up to $120.1 million (but not more than $17.9 million per year) of liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident occurring not only at palo verde, but at any other nuclear power reactor in the united states. although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at palo verde, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit and to promulgate new regulations that could require significant capital expenditures and/or increase operating costs.
changes in technology could create challenges for aps's existing business.
alternative energy technologies that produce power or reduce power consumption or emissions are being developed and commercialized, including renewable technologies such as photovoltaic (solar) cells, customer-sited generation, energy storage (batteries) and efficiency technologies.  advances in technology and equipment/appliance efficiency could reduce the demand for supply from conventional generation, including carbon-free nuclear generation, and increase the complexity of managing aps's information technology and power system operations, which could adversely affect aps's business.
customer-sited alternative energy technologies present challenges to aps's operations due to misalignment with aps's existing operational needs. when these resources lack "dispatchability" and other elements of utility-side control, they are considered "unmanaged" resources. the cumulative effect of such unmanaged resources results in added complexity for aps's system management.
aps continues to pursue and implement advanced grid technologies, including transmission and distribution system technologies and digital meters enabling two-way communications between the utility and its customers.  many of the products and processes resulting from these and other alternative technologies, including energy storage technologies, have not yet been widely used or tested on a long-term basis, and their use on large-scale systems is not as established or mature as aps's existing technologies and equipment.  the implementation of new and additional technologies adds complexity to our information technology and operational technology systems, which could require additional infrastructure and resources. widespread installation and acceptance of new technologies could also enable the entry of new market participants, such as technology companies, into the interface between aps and its customers and could have other unpredictable effects on aps's traditional business model.
deployment of renewable energy technologies is expected to continue across the western states and result in a larger portion of the overall energy production coming from these sources. these trends, which have benefited from historical and continuing government support for certain technologies, have the potential to put downward pressure on wholesale power prices throughout the western states which could make aps's existing generating facilities less economical and impact their operational patterns and long-term viability.
we are subject to employee workforce factors that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
like many companies in the electric utility industry, our workforce is maturing, with approximately 31% of employees eligible to retire by the end of 2025.  although we have undertaken efforts to recruit, train and develop new employees, we face increased competition for talent.  we are subject to other employee workforce factors, such as the availability and retention of qualified personnel and the need to negotiate collective bargaining agreements with union employees.  these or other employee workforce factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic could negatively affect our business.
the outbreak of covid-19 is a rapidly developing situation around the globe that has led to economic disruption and volatility in the financial markets. the continued spread of covid-19 and efforts to contain the virus could decrease demand for energy, lower economic growth, impact our employees and contractors, cause disruptions in our supply chain, increase certain costs, further increase volatility in the capital markets (and result in increases in the cost of capital or an inability to access the capital markets or draw on available credit facilities), delay the completion of capital or other construction projects and other operations and maintenance activities, delay payments or increase uncollectable accounts or cause other unpredictable events, each of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, from march through december 2020, we have experienced a decrease in demand from commercial and industrial customers and an increase in demand from residential customers and the cumulative impact on weather normalized retail electricity sales usage was a net increase as compared to 2019. aps is also experiencing an increase in bad debt expense associated with the covid-19 pandemic that resulted in a negative impact to our 2020 operating results. in mid-march 2020, we drew on our revolving credit facilities as a result of the commercial paper markets failing to function normally due to covid-19, but we were subsequently able to utilize the commercial paper market in april 2020 and we have paid down the revolving credit facilities completely. we are also experiencing increased operations and maintenance expenses due to the need for personal protective equipment and other health and safety-related costs related to covid-19.
despite our efforts to manage the impacts, the degree to which the covid-19 pandemic and related actions ultimately impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows will depend on factors beyond our control including the duration, spread and severity of the outbreak, the actions taken to contain covid-19 and mitigate its public health effects, the impact on the u.s. and global economies and demand for energy, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions resume.
financial risks a downgrade of our credit ratings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our current ratings are set forth in "liquidity and capital resources - credit ratings" in item 7.  we cannot be sure that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant.  any downgrade or withdrawal could adversely affect the market price of pinnacle west's and aps's securities, limit our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which would adversely impact our financial results.  we could be required to pay a higher interest rate for future financings, and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease.  in addition, borrowing costs under our existing credit facilities depend on our credit ratings.  a downgrade could also require us to provide additional support in the form of letters of credit or cash or other collateral to various counterparties.  if our short-term ratings were to be lowered, it could severely limit access to the commercial paper market.  we note that the ratings from rating agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
investment performance, changing interest rates and other economic, social and political factors could decrease the value of our benefit plan assets, nuclear decommissioning trust funds and other special use funds or increase the valuation of our related obligations, resulting in significant additional funding requirements.  we are also subject to risks related to the provision of employee healthcare benefits and healthcare reform legislation.  any inability to fully recover these costs in our utility rates would negatively impact our financial condition.
we have significant pension plan and other postretirement benefits plan obligations to our employees and retirees, and legal obligations to fund our pension trust and nuclear decommissioning trusts for palo verde.  we hold and invest substantial assets in these trusts that are designed to provide funds to pay for certain of these obligations as they arise.  declines in market values of the fixed income and equity securities held in these trusts may increase our funding requirements into the related trusts.  additionally, the valuation of liabilities related to our pension plan and other postretirement benefit plans are impacted by a discount rate, which is the interest rate used to discount future pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.  declining interest rates decrease the discount rate, increase the valuation of the plan liabilities and may result in increases in pension and other postretirement benefit costs, cash contributions, regulatory assets, and charges to oci.  changes in demographics, including increased number of retirements or changes in life expectancy and changes in other actuarial assumptions, may also result in similar impacts.  the minimum contributions required under these plans are impacted by federal legislation and related regulations.  increasing liabilities or otherwise increasing funding requirements under these plans, resulting from adverse changes in legislation or otherwise, could result in significant cash funding obligations that could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
we recover most of the pension and other postretirement benefit expense and all of the currently estimated nuclear decommissioning costs in our regulated rates.  any inability to fully recover these costs in a timely manner could have a material negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
while most of the patient protection and affordable care act provisions have been implemented, changes to or repeal of that act and pending or future federal or state legislative or regulatory activity or court proceedings could increase costs of providing medical insurance for our employees and retirees. any potential changes and resulting cost impacts cannot be determined with certainty at this time.
our cash flow depends on the performance of aps and its ability to make distributions.
we derive essentially all of our revenues and earnings from our wholly-owned subsidiary, aps.  accordingly, our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is dependent upon the earnings and cash flows of aps and its distributions to us.  aps is a separate and distinct legal entity and has no obligation to make distributions to us.
aps's financing agreements may restrict its ability to pay dividends, make distributions or otherwise transfer funds to us.  in addition, an acc financing order requires aps to maintain a common equity ratio of at least 40% and does not allow aps to pay common dividends if the payment would reduce its common equity below that threshold.  the common equity ratio, as defined in the acc order, is total shareholder equity divided by the sum of total shareholder equity and long-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt.
pinnacle west's ability to meet its debt service obligations could be adversely affected because its debt securities are structurally subordinated to the debt securities and other obligations of its subsidiaries.
because pinnacle west is structured as a holding company, all existing and future debt and other liabilities of its subsidiaries will be effectively senior in right of payment to its own debt securities.  the assets and cash flows of our subsidiaries will be available, in the first instance, to service their own debt and other obligations.  our ability to have the benefit of their cash flows, particularly in the case of any insolvency or financial distress affecting our subsidiaries, would arise only through our equity ownership interests in our subsidiaries and only after their creditors have been satisfied.
the use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business could result in financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.
aps's operations include managing market risks related to commodity prices.  aps is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the price and transportation costs of electricity, natural gas and coal to the extent that unhedged positions exist.  we have established procedures to manage risks associated with these market fluctuations by utilizing various commodity derivatives, including exchange traded futures and over-the-counter forwards, options, and swaps.  as part of our overall risk management program, we enter into derivative transactions to hedge purchases and sales of electricity and natural gas.  the changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the hedged commodity.  to the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time and financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act") contains measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the-counter ("otc") derivative markets and preventing excessive speculation. the dodd-frank act could restrict, among other things, trading positions in the energy futures markets, require different collateral or settlement positions, or increase regulatory reporting over derivative positions. based on the provisions included in the dodd-frank act and the implementation of regulations, these changes could, among other things, impact our ability to hedge commodity price and interest rate risk or increase the costs associated with our hedging programs.
we are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties.  we use a risk management process to assess and monitor the financial exposure of all counterparties.  despite the fact that the majority of aps's trading counterparties are rated as investment grade by the rating agencies, there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default, which could result in a material adverse impact on our earnings for a given period.
general risks proposals to change policy in arizona or other states made through ballot initiatives or referenda may increase the company's cost of operations or impact its business plans.
in arizona and other states, a person or organization may file a ballot initiative or referendum with the arizona secretary of state or other applicable state agency and, if a sufficient number of verifiable signatures are presented, the initiative or referendum may be placed on the ballot for the public to vote on the matter. ballot initiatives and referenda may relate to any matter, including policy and regulation related to the electric industry, and may change statutes or the state constitution in ways that could impact arizona utility customers, the arizona economy and the company. some ballot initiatives and referenda are drafted in an unclear manner and their potential industry and economic impact can be subject to varied and conflicting interpretations. we may oppose certain initiatives or referenda (including those that could result in negative impacts to our customers, the state or the company) via the electoral process, litigation, traditional legislative mechanisms, agency rulemaking or otherwise, which could result in significant costs to the company. the passage of certain initiatives or referenda could result in laws and regulations that impact our business plans and have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control:
variations in our quarterly operating results;
operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors;
changes in expectations as to future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
developments generally affecting industries in which we operate;
announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;
announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us;
favorable or adverse regulatory or legislative developments;
our dividend policy;
future sales by the company of equity or equity-linked securities; and
general domestic and international economic conditions.
in addition, the stock market in general has experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company.  these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
financial market disruptions or new rules or regulations may increase our financing costs or limit our access to various financial markets, which may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to implement our financial strategy.
pinnacle west and aps rely on access to credit markets as a significant source of liquidity and the capital markets for capital requirements not satisfied by cash flow from our operations.  we believe that we will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets.  however, certain market disruptions or revisions to rules or regulations may cause our cost of borrowing to increase generally, and/or otherwise adversely affect our ability to access these financial markets.
in addition, the credit commitments of our lenders under our bank facilities may not be satisfied or continued beyond current commitment periods for a variety of reasons, including new rules and regulations, periods of financial distress or liquidity issues affecting our lenders or financial markets, which could materially adversely affect the adequacy of our liquidity sources and the cost of maintaining these sources.
changes in economic conditions, monetary policy, fiscal policy, financial regulation, rating agency treatment or other factors could result in higher interest rates, which would increase interest expense on our existing variable rate debt and new debt we expect to issue in the future, and thus increase the cost and/or reduce the amount of funds available to us for our current plans.
additionally, an increase in our leverage, whether as a result of these factors or otherwise, could adversely affect us by:
causing a downgrade of our credit ratings;
increasing the cost of future debt financing and refinancing;
increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; and
requiring us to dedicate an increased portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce funds available to us for operations, future investment in our business or other purposes.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws and of arizona law make it difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board and may discourage takeover attempts.
these provisions, which could preclude our shareholders from receiving a change of control premium, include the following:
restrictions on our ability to engage in a wide range of "business combination" transactions with an "interested shareholder" (generally, any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of our outstanding voting power, or any of our affiliates or associates who beneficially owned 10% or more of our outstanding voting power at any time during the prior three years) or any affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder, unless specific conditions are met;
anti-greenmail provisions of arizona law and our bylaws that prohibit us from purchasing shares of our voting stock from beneficial owners of more than 5% of our outstanding shares unless specified conditions are satisfied;
the ability of the board of directors to increase the size of and fill vacancies on the board of directors, whether resulting from such increase, or from death, resignation, disqualification or otherwise;
the ability of our board of directors to issue additional shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and, with respect to preferred stock, the other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares without shareholder approval;
restrictions that limit the rights of our shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders; and
restrictions regarding the rights of our shareholders to nominate directors or to submit proposals to be considered at shareholder meetings.
while these provisions may have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate with our board of directors, they could enable the board of directors to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction the following discussion should be read in conjunction with pinnacle west's consolidated financial statements and aps's consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear in item 8 of this report. this discussion provides a comparison of the 2020 results with 2019 results. a comparison of the 2019 results with 2018 results can be found in the annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019.  for information on factors that may cause our actual future results to differ from those we currently seek or anticipate, see "forward-looking statements" at the front of this report and "risk factors" in item 1a.
overview business overview pinnacle west is an investor-owned electric utility holding company based in phoenix, arizona with consolidated assets of about $20 billion. for over 130 years, pinnacle west and our affiliates have provided energy and energy-related products to people and businesses throughout arizona.
pinnacle west derives essentially all of our revenues and earnings from our principal subsidiary, aps. aps is arizona's largest and longest-serving electric company that generates safe, affordable and reliable electricity for approximately 1.3 million retail customers in 11 of arizona's 15 counties. aps is also the operator and co-owner of palo verde - a primary source of electricity for the southwest united states and the largest nuclear power plant in the united states.
covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic continues to be a rapidly evolving situation. it has led to economic disruption and volatility in financial markets worldwide. the company is operating under long-standing pandemic and business continuity plans that exist to address situations including pandemics like covid-19. we are focused on ensuring the health and safety of our employees, contractors and the general public by helping limit the spread of this virus and ensuring continued, safe and reliable electric service for aps customers.
we have identified business-critical positions in our operations and support organizations, with backup personnel ready to assist if an issue were to arise. additionally, efforts to ensure the health and safety of our employees have resulted in bifurcated control rooms, thus reducing the number of employees in mission-critical locations. we also established covid-19 safety protocols, social distancing practices including limiting one employee per vehicle and offering virtual options whenever possible. the company also took rapid action to implement an all company covid-19 hotline, a focused covid-19 team, and procured on-site covid-19 testing at key facilities early in the pandemic. through this testing, case management and contact tracing, the company has been able to significantly limit covid-19 transmission in the workplace. as a result of these efforts, we have been able to maintain the continuity of the essential services that we provide to our customers, while also managing the spread of the virus and promoting the health, physical and mental well-being and safety of our employees, customers and communities.
essential planned work and capital investments are continuing during the pandemic, with some non-essential planned work postponed to the first quarter of 2021. aps has continuous discussions with suppliers on manpower and supply issues pertaining to covid-19 and has measures in place to continue to monitor resource needs and supply chain adequacy. at this time, aps does not believe it has any material supply chain risks due to covid-19 that would impact its ability to serve customers' needs.
the company's operations and maintenance expenses, exclusive of bad debt expense, increased by approximately $25 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 due to costs for personal protective equipment and other health and safety-related costs related to covid-19. we expect the company's operation and maintenance expenses will continue to be impacted for 2021 by the need for additional personal protective equipment and other health and safety-related costs related to covid-19.
while the total expected impact of covid-19 on future sales is currently unknown, aps has experienced higher electric residential sales and lower electric commercial and industrial sales since the outset of the pandemic. from march 13, 2020 through december 31, 2020, the cumulative impact in weather-normalized usage was approximately a 1% increase. during that period, aps's retail electric residential weather-normalized sales increased 5%, and its retail electric commercial and industrial weather-normalized sales decreased 4% in the aggregate. aps expects the reduction in electric demand from commercial and industrial customers and increased demand from residential customers to normalize somewhat during 2021 as business activity continues to recover and more people return to work. based on past experience, a 1% variation in our annual kwh sales projections under normal business conditions can result in increases or decreases in annual net income of approximately $20 million.
on march 31, 2020, a stay at home order became effective for the state of arizona and remained in effect until may 16, 2020, when it was lifted and arizona began reopening. in june 2020, arizona saw an increase in the number of covid-19 cases, hospitalizations, and deaths. accordingly, on june 29, 2020, the governor of arizona closed bars, indoor gyms and fitness clubs or centers, indoor movie theaters, water parks and tubing operations until july 27, 2020 as a partial reversal of the state's reopening and to mitigate the spread of covid-19. on july 23, 2020, the governor of arizona extended these closures and they remained in place until august 27, 2020, when bars, gyms and movie theaters reopened with certain restrictions. we cannot predict the impact of the spread of covid-19 in arizona, whether there will be additional reclosures and how any such reclosures will impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. we are continuing to monitor the impacts of covid-19.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, in mid-march 2020, the commercial paper markets failed to function normally and we were unable to utilize commercial paper as our primary method of acquiring short-term capital, which resulted in us drawing on our revolving credit facilities during the first quarter of 2020.  in mid-april 2020, we were again able to utilize the commercial paper market and we have paid down the entire amount of the revolving credit facilities that were utilized as a result of the commercial paper market failure.
the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act allows employers to defer payments of the employer share of social security payroll taxes that would have otherwise been owed from march 27, 2020 through december 31, 2020. we deferred the cash payment of the employer's portion of social security payroll taxes for the period july 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020 that was approximately $18 million. we will pay half of this cash deferral by december 31, 2021 and the remainder by december 31, 2022.
on june 30, 2020, ferc issued an order granting a waiver request related to the existing afudc rate calculation beginning march 1, 2020 through february 28, 2021.  the order provides a simplified approach that companies may elect to implement in order to minimize the significant distorted effect on the afudc formula resulting from increased short-term debt financing during the covid-19 pandemic.  aps has adopted this simplified approach to computing the afudc composite rate by using a simple average of the actual historical short-term debt balances for 2019, instead of current period short-term debt balances, and has left all other aspects of the afudc formula composite rate calculation unchanged. this change impacts the afudc composite rate in 2020, but does not impact prior years. furthermore, the change in the composite rate calculation does not impact our accounting treatment for these costs. the change did not have a material impact on our financial statements (see note 1.)
due to the covid-19 pandemic, aps voluntarily suspended disconnections of customers for nonpayment beginning march 13, 2020.  in addition, aps waived all late payment fees during this suspension period.  on september 14, 2020, aps extended this suspension of disconnection of customers for nonpayment and waiver of late payment fees until december 31, 2020. the suspension of disconnection of customers for nonpayment ended on january 1, 2021 and customers were automatically placed on eight-month payment arrangements if they had past due balances at the end of the disconnection period of $75 or greater. aps will continue to waive late payment fees until october 15, 2021. aps has experienced and is continuing to experience an increase in bad debt expense associated with the covid-19 pandemic. the summer disconnection moratorium (see note 4), the suspension of disconnections during the covid-19 pandemic and the increased bad debt expense associated with both events resulted in a negative impact to its 2020 operating results of approximately $23 million pre-tax above the impact of disconnections on its operating results for years that did not have the summer disconnection moratorium or covid-19 pandemic. aps also currently estimates that the summer disconnection moratorium, the suspension of disconnections during the covid-19 pandemic and the increased bad debt expense associated with this will result in a negative impact to its 2021 operating results of approximately $20 million to $30 million pre-tax above the impact of disconnections on its operating results for years that did not have the summer disconnection moratorium or covid-19 pandemic. these estimated impact amounts for 2021 depend on certain current assumptions, including, but not limited to, customer behaviors, population and employment growth, and the impacts of covid-19 on the economy. additionally, due to covid-19, aps delayed the reset of the eis adjustor and suspended the discontinuation of team phase ii to the first billing cycle in may 2020 rather than april 2020 and and also delayed the reset of the psa to the first billing cycle of april 2021 rather than february 2021 (see note 4).
on april 17, 2020, aps filed an application with the acc requesting a covid-19 emergency relief package to provide additional assistance to its customers. on may 5, 2020, the acc approved aps returning $36 million that had been collected through the dsm adjustor charge, but not allocated for current dsm programs, directly to customers through a bill credit in june 2020 (see note 4). as of december 31, 2020, aps had refunded approximately $43 million to customers. the additional $7 million over the approved amount of $36 million was the result of the kwh credit being based on historic consumption which was different than actual consumption in the refund period. this difference was recorded to the dsm balancing account and will be addressed in subsequent dsm filings.
aps has spent more than $15 million to assist customers and local non-profits and community organizations to help with the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, with $12.4 million of these dollars directly committed to bill assistance programs (the "covid customer support fund"). the covid customer support fund was comprised of a series of voluntary commitments of funds that are not recoverable through rates throughout 2020 of approximately $8.8 million. an additional $3.6 million in bill credits for limited income customers was ordered by the acc in december 2020 of which 50%, up to a maximum of $2.5 million, was committed to be funds that are not recoverable through rates with the remaining being deferred for potential future recovery in rates. included in the covid customer support fund were programs that assisted customers that had a delinquency of two or more months with a one-time credit of $100, an expanded credit of $300 for limited income customers, programs to assist extra small and small non-residential customers with a one-time credit of $1,000, and other targeted programs allocated to assist with other covid-19 needs in support of utility bill assistance. the december 2020 acc order further assisted delinquent limited income customers with an additional bill credit of up to $250 or their delinquent balance, whichever was less. as of december 31, 2020, aps had distributed all funds for all covid customer support fund programs combined. beyond the covid customer support fund, aps has also provided $2.7 million to assist local non-profits and community organizations working to mitigate the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic.
more detailed discussion of the impacts and future uncertainties related to the covid19 pandemic can be found throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the combined notes to pinnacle west's and aps's financial statements that appear in part ii, item 8 of this report and "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this report.
strategic overview our strategy is to deliver shareholder value by creating a sustainable energy future for arizona by serving our customers with clean, reliable and affordable energy.
clean energy commitment we are committed to doing our part to make the future clean and carbon-free. our vision for aps and arizona presents an opportunity to engage with customers, communities, employees, policymakers, shareholders and others to achieve a shared, sustainable vision for arizona. this goal is based on sound science and supports continued growth and economic development while maintaining reliability and affordable prices for aps's customers.
aps's new clean energy goals consist of three parts:
a 2050 goal to provide 100% clean, carbon-free electricity;
a 2030 target of achieving a resource mix that is 65% clean energy, with 45% of the generation portfolio coming from renewable energy; and
a commitment to end aps's use of coal-fired generation by 2031.
aps's ability to successfully execute its clean energy commitment is dependent upon a number of important external factors, some of which include a supportive regulatory environment, sales and customer growth, development of clean energy technologies and continued access to capital markets.
2050 goal: 100% clean, carbon-free electricity. achieving a fully clean, carbon-free energy mix by 2050 is our aspiration. the 2050 goal will involve new thinking and depends on improved and new technologies.
2030 goal: 65% clean energy. aps has an energy mix that is already 50% clean with existing plans to add more renewables and energy storage before 2025. by building on those plans, aps intends to attain an energy mix that is 65% clean by 2030, with 45% of aps's generation portfolio coming from renewable energy. clean is measured as percent of energy mix which includes carbon-free resources like nuclear and demand-side management, and renewable is expressed as a percent of retail sales. this target will serve as a checkpoint for our resource planning, investment strategy, and customer affordability efforts as aps moves toward 100% clean, carbon-free energy mix by 2050.
2031 goal: end aps's use of coal-fired generation.  the commitment to end aps's use of coal-fired generation by 2031 will require aps to cease use of coal-generation at four corners. aps has permanently retired more than 1,000 mw of coal-fired electric generating capacity. these closures and other measures taken by aps have resulted in a total reduction of carbon emissions of 26% since 2005. in addition, aps has committed to end the use of coal at its remaining cholla units by 2025.
aps understands that the transition away from coal-fired power plants toward a clean energy future will pose unique economic challenges for the communities around these plants. we worked collaboratively with stakeholders and leaders of the navajo nation to consider the impacts of ceasing operation of aps coal-fired power plants on the communities surrounding those facilities to propose a comprehensive coal community transition ("cct") plan. the proposed framework provides substantial financial and economic development support to build new economic opportunities and addresses a transition strategy for plant employees. we are committed to continuing our long-running partnership with the navajo nation in other areas as well, including expanding electrification and developing tribal renewable projects. our proposed cct plan supports the navajo nation, where the four corners power plant is located, the communities surrounding the cholla power plant and the hopi tribe, which is impacted by closure of the navajo plant. the cct plan is currently pending acc approval. (see note 4 for a discussion of the cct plan.)
renewables.  aps intends to strengthen its already diverse energy mix by increasing its investments in carbon-free resources. its near-term actions include competitive solicitations to procure clean energy resources such as solar, wind, energy storage, demand response and dsm resources, all of which lead to a cleaner grid.
aps has a diverse portfolio of existing and planned renewable resources, including solar, wind, geothermal, biomass and biogas. aps's clean energy strategy includes executing purchased power contracts for new facilities, ongoing development of distributed energy resources and procurement of new facilities to be owned by aps. agreements for the development and completion of future resources are subject to various conditions, including successful siting, permitting and interconnection of the projects to the electric grid. see "business of arizona public service company - energy sources and resource planning - current and future resources - renewable energy standard - renewable energy portfolio" in item 1 for details regarding aps's renewable energy resources.
palo verde. palo verde, the nation's largest carbon-free, clean energy resource, will continue to be a foundational part of aps's resource portfolio. the plant currently supplies nearly 70% of our clean energy and provides the foundation for the reliable and affordable service for aps customers. palo verde is not just the cornerstone of our current clean energy mix, it also is a significant provider of clean energy to the southwest united states. the plant's continued operation is important to a carbon-free and clean energy future for arizona and the region, as a reliable, continuous, affordable resource and as a large contributor to the local economy.
affordable we believe it is aps's responsibility to deliver electric services to customers in the most cost-effective manner. since january 2018 through december 2020, the average residential bill decreased by 7.3%, or $10.95.
building upon existing cost management efforts, aps launched a customer affordability initiative in 2019. the initiative was implemented company-wide to thoughtfully and deliberately assess our business processes and organizational approaches to completing high-value work and internal efficiencies. through the initiative and existing cost management practices, aps met its goal of $20 million in cost savings as of december 31, 2020.
participation in the eim continues to be an effective tool for creating savings for aps's customers from the real-time, voluntary market. aps continues to expect that its participation in eim will lower its fuel and purchased-power costs, improve visibility and situational awareness for system operations in the western interconnection power grid, and improve integration of aps's renewable resources. aps is in discussions with the eim operator, caiso, and other eim participants about the feasibility of creating a voluntary day-ahead market to achieve more cost savings and use the region's renewable resources more efficiently.
reliable while our energy mix evolves, the obligation to deliver reliable service to our customers remains. notwithstanding the challenges presented by the covid-19 pandemic as well as the hottest summer on record, aps continued to provide reliable service to its customers in 2020, setting a new all-time high peak energy demand of 7,660 mw, exceeding the prior peak set in 2017 by nearly 300 mw and achieved strong reliability results.
planned investments will support operating and maintaining the grid, updating technology, accommodating customer growth and enabling more renewable energy resources. our advanced distribution management system allows operators to locate outages, control line devices remotely and helps them coordinate more closely with field crews to safely maintain an increasingly dynamic grid. the system also integrates a new meter data management system that increases grid visibility and gives customers access to more of their energy usage data.
wildfire safety remains a critical focus for aps and other utilities. we increased investment in fire mitigation efforts to clear defensible space around our infrastructure, build partnerships with government entities and first responders and educate customers and communities. these programs contribute to customer reliability, responsible forest management and safe communities.
the new units at our modernized ocotillo power plant provide cleaner-running and more efficient units. they support reliability by responding quickly to the variability of solar generation and delivering energy in the late afternoon and early evening, when solar production declines as the sun sets and customer demand peaks.
customer-focused customers are at the core of what aps does every day and its focus remains on its customers and the communities it serves. it is aps's goal to achieve an industry-leading best-in-class customer experience.
in 2020, aps adopted a number of changes to improve customer experience. it transitioned to a 24/7 care center operation to better serve its customers around the clock. aps improved its call center performance, answering nearly 75% of its more than 1.5 million telephone calls in 30 seconds or less. aps has also made many improvements to its digital experience through its aps.com site, and its overall digital experience continues to improve for its customers.
aps also convened a customer advisory board and stakeholder committee in 2020 to serve as a vehicle for gathering valuable qualitative insights, directly from customers and stakeholders, that intends to keep aps apprised of customer needs, wants, and perspectives. additionally, the customer advisory board is leveraged to identify and diagnose potential customer pain points and to help shape and co-create customer solutions.
aps is also providing assistance to residential and business customers that have been impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. see "covid-19 pandemic" above for more information about customer support during covid-19.
emerging technologies energy storage aps deploys a number of advanced technologies on its system, including energy storage. storage can provide capacity, improve power quality, be utilized for system regulation, integrate renewable generation, and, in certain circumstances, be used to defer certain traditional infrastructure investments. energy storage can also aid in integrating higher levels of renewables by storing excess energy when system demand is low and renewable production is high and then releasing the stored energy during peak demand hours later in the day and after sunset. aps is utilizing grid-scale energy storage projects to benefit customers, to increase renewable utilization, and to further our understanding of how storage works with other advanced technologies and the grid. we are preparing for additional energy storage in the future.
in early 2018, aps entered into a 15-year power purchase agreement for a 65 mw solar facility that charges a 50 mw solar-fueled battery. service under the agreement was scheduled to begin in 2021; however, aps terminated the agreement, effective february 16, 2021, because the facility will not meet the expected in-service date. in 2018, aps issued an rfp for approximately 106 mw of energy storage to be located at up to five of its az sun sites. based upon its evaluation of the rfp responses, aps decided to expand the initial phase of battery deployment to 141 mw by adding a sixth az sun site. these battery storage facilities are expected to be in service by june 2022. additionally, in february 2019, aps signed two 20-year ppas for energy storage totaling 150 mw. in april 2019, a battery module in aps's mcmicken battery energy storage facility experienced an equipment failure, which prompted an internal investigation to determine the cause. aps has now completed its investigation of the mcmicken battery incident and is working with all counterparties to ensure that the learnings from the investigation, and the corresponding safety requirements, are incorporated into all battery storage projects going forward, including the projects associated with the two above-referenced ppas. these ppas were also subject to acc approval in order to allow for cost recovery through the psa. aps received the requested acc approval on january 12, 2021, and service under both agreements is expected to begin in 2022.
we currently plan to install at least 850 mw of energy storage by 2025, including the energy storage projects under ppas and az sun retrofits described above. the remaining energy storage is expected to be made up of resources solicited through current and future rfps. currently, aps has two rfps in the market that seek energy storage resources: (i) a battery storage rfp for projects to be located at the remaining two az sun sites that were not included in the 2018 rfp referenced in the preceding paragraph; and (ii) an 'all source' rfp that solicits both standalone energy storage and renewable energy plus energy storage resources. such resources would be expected to be in service during 2023 and 2024.
electric vehicles aps is making electric vehicle charging more accessible for its customers and helping arizona businesses, schools and governments electrify their fleets. in 2020, aps expanded its take charge az pilot program and installed 84 dual-plug level 2 charging stations at business customer locations with more stations expected to be added through 2021. the program provides charging equipment, installation, and maintenance to business customers, government agencies, and multifamily housing communities. in addition to the level 2 charging stations, aps will begin construction of direct current fast charging stations that will be owned and operated by aps at five locations in arizona. this project is projected to be completed by the end of 2021 with each location including 2-150 kilowatt and 2-350 kilowatt dc fast charging stations. these stations will be accessible through the electrify america charging network.
the acc ordered the state's public service corporations, including aps, to develop a long-term, comprehensive statewide transportation electrification plan ("te plan") for arizona. the te plan is intended to provide a roadmap for transportation electrification in arizona, focused on realizing the associated air quality and economic development benefits for all residents in the state along with understanding the impact of electric vehicle charging on the grid. aps is actively participating in this process, which is scheduled to be completed by march 2021 and submitted to the acc for review and approval.
hydrogen production palo verde, in partnership with idaho national laboratory and two other utilities, has been chosen by the doe's office of nuclear energy to participate in a hydrogen production project with the goal to improve the long-term economic competitiveness of the nuclear power industry. the multi-phase project is planned for 2020 through 2023. in the first phase, idaho national laboratory will perform a technical and economic assessment of using electricity generated at palo verde to produce hydrogen.
experience from palo verde's utility partners' demonstration projects and from the palo verde-specific technical economic assessment is expected to offer insights into methods for flexible transitions between electricity and hydrogen generation in solar-dominated electricity markets.
carbon capture carbon capture technologies can isolate co2 and either sequester it permanently in geologic formations or convert it for use in products. currently, almost all existing fossil fuel generators do not control carbon emissions the way they control emissions of other air pollutants such as sulfur dioxide or oxides of nitrogen. carbon capture technologies are still in the demonstration phase and while they show promise, they are still being tested in real-world conditions. these technologies could offer the potential to keep in operation existing generators that otherwise would need to be retired. aps will continue to monitor this emerging technology.
regulatory overview on october 31, 2019, aps filed an application with the acc seeking an annual increase in retail base rates of $69 million. this amount includes recovery of the deferral and rate base effects of the four corners scr project that is currently the subject of a separate proceeding (see "scr cost recovery" in note 4). it also reflects a net credit to base rates of approximately $115 million primarily due to the prospective inclusion of rate refunds currently provided through the team. the proposed total annual revenue increase in aps's application is $184 million. the average annual customer bill impact of aps's request is an increase of 5.6% (the average annual bill impact for a typical aps residential customer is 5.4%).
the principal provisions of aps's application were:
a test year comprised of twelve months ended june 30, 2019, adjusted as described below;
an original cost rate base of $8.87 billion, which approximates the acc-jurisdictional portion of the book value of utility assets, net of accumulated depreciation and other credits;
the following proposed capital structure and costs of capital:
capital structure                  cost of capital long-term debt                                                    45.3                %                     4.1        %
common stock equity                                               54.7                %           10.15                %
weighted-average cost of capital                                                                   7.41                %
a 1% return on the increment of fair value rate base above aps's original cost rate base, as provided for by arizona law;
a base fuel rate of $0.030168 per kwh;
authorization to defer until aps's next general rate case the increase or decrease in its arizona property taxes attributable to tax rate changes after the date the rate application is adjudicated;
a number of proposed rate and program changes for residential customers, including:
a super off-peak period during the winter months for aps's time-of-use with demand rates;
additional $1.25 million in funding for aps's limited-income crisis bill program; and
a flat bill/subscription rate pilot program;
proposed rate design changes for commercial customers, including an experimental program designed to provide access to market pricing for up to 200 mw of medium and large commercial customers;
recovery of the deferral and rate base effects of the construction and operating costs of the ocotillo modernization project (see note 4 discussion of the 2017 settlement agreement); and
continued recovery of the remaining investment and other costs related to the retirement and closure of the navajo plant (see note 4 for details related to the resulting regulatory asset).
aps requested that the increase become effective december 1, 2020.
on october 2, 2020, the acc staff, the residential utility consumer office ("ruco") and other intervenors filed their initial written testimony with the acc in this rate case. the acc staff recommends, among other things, a (i) $89.7 million revenue increase, (ii) average annual customer bill increase of 2.7%, (iii) return on equity of 9.4%, (iv) a 0.3% or, as an alternative, a 0% return on the increment of fair value rate base greater than original cost, (v) recovery of the deferral and rate base effects of the construction and operating costs of the four corners scr project and (vi) recovery of the rate base effects of the construction and ongoing consideration of the deferral of the ocotillo modernization project. ruco recommends, among other things, a (i) $20.8 million revenue decrease, (ii) average annual customer bill decrease of 0.63%, (iii) return on equity of 8.74%, (iv) a 0% return on the increment of fair value rate base, (v) nonrecovery of the deferral and rate base effects of the construction and operating costs of the four corners scr project pending further consideration, and (vi) recovery of the deferral and rate base effects of the construction and operating costs of the ocotillo modernization project.
the filed acc staff and intervenor testimony include additional recommendations, some of which materially differ from aps's filed application. on november 6, 2020, aps filed its rebuttal testimony and the principal provisions which differ from its initial application include, among other things, a (i) $169 million revenue increase, (ii) average annual bill increase of 5.14%, (iii) return on equity of 10%, (iv) return on the increment of fair value rate base of 0.8%, (v) new cost recovery adjustor mechanism, the advanced energy mechanism ("aem"), to enable more timely recovery of clean investments as aps pursues its clean energy commitment, (vi) recognition that securitization is a potentially useful financing tool to recover the remaining book value of retiring assets and effectuate a transition to a cleaner energy future that aps intends to pursue, provided legislative hurdles are addressed, and (vii) the cct plan related to the closure or future closure of coal-fired generation facilities of which $25 million would be funds that are not recoverable through rates with a proposal that the remainder be funded by customers over 10 years.
the cct plan includes the following proposed components: (i) $100 million that will be paid over 10 years to the navajo nation for a sustainable transition to a post-coal economy, which would be funded by customers, (ii) $1.25 million that will be paid over five years to the navajo nation to fund an economic development organization, which would be funds not recoverable through rates, (iii) $10 million to facilitate electrification projects within the navajo nation, which would be funded equally by funds not recoverable through rates and by customers, (iv) $2.5 million per year in transmission revenue sharing to be paid to the navajo nation beginning after the closure of the four corners power plant through 2038, which would be funds not recoverable through rates, (v) $12 million that will be paid over five years to the navajo county communities surrounding cholla power plant, which would primarily be funded by customers, and (vi) $3.7 million that will be paid over five years to the hopi tribe related to aps's ownership interests in the navajo generating station, which would primarily be funded by customers.
the hearing began january 14, 2021. unfavorable acc staff and intervenor positions and recommendations could have a material impact on aps's financial statements if ultimately adopted by the acc. aps cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
see note 4 for information regarding additional regulatory matters.
arizona attorney general matter aps received civil investigative demands from the office of the arizona attorney general, civil litigation division, consumer protection & advocacy section ("attorney general") seeking information pertaining to the rate plan comparison tool offered to aps customers and other related issues including implementation of rates from the 2017 settlement agreement and its customer education and outreach plan associated with the 2017 settlement agreement. aps fully cooperated with the attorney general's office in this matter. on february 22, 2021 aps entered into a consent agreement with the attorney general as a way to settle the matter. the settlement results in aps paying $24.75 million, $24 million of which is being returned to customers as restitution. while this matter has been resolved with the attorney general, aps cannot predict whether additional inquiries or actions may be taken by the acc.
financial strength and flexibility pinnacle west and aps currently have ample borrowing capacity under their respective credit facilities, and may readily access these facilities ensuring adequate liquidity for each company.  capital expenditures will be funded with internally generated cash and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt and pinnacle west common stock.
other subsidiaries bright canyon energy. on july 31, 2014, pinnacle west announced its creation of a wholly-owned subsidiary, bce.  bce's strategy is to develop, own, operate and acquire energy infrastructure in a manner that leverages the company's core expertise in the electric energy industry.  in 2014, bce formed a 50/50 joint venture with bhe u.s. transmission llc, a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway energy company.  the joint venture, named transcanyon, is pursuing independent electric transmission opportunities within the 11 states that comprise the western electricity coordinating council, excluding opportunities related to transmission service that would otherwise be provided under the tariffs of the retail service territories of the venture partners' utility affiliates.
on december 20, 2019, bce acquired minority ownership positions in two wind farms under development by tenaska energy, inc. and tenaska energy holdings, llc, the 242 mw clear creek wind farm in missouri ("clear creek") and the 250 mw nobles 2 wind farm in minnesota ("nobles 2"). clear creek achieved commercial operation in may 2020 and nobles 2 achieved commercial operation in december 2020. both wind farms deliver power under long-term power purchase agreements. bce indirectly owns 9.9% of clear creek and 5.1% of nobles 2.
el dorado. el dorado is a wholly-owned subsidiary of pinnacle west. el dorado owns debt investments and minority interests in several energy-related investments and arizona community-based ventures.  el dorado committed to a $25 million investment in the energy impact partners fund, which is an organization that focuses on fostering innovation and supporting the transformation of the utility industry. the investment will be made by el dorado as investments are selected by the energy impact partners fund.
key financial drivers in addition to the continuing impact of the matters described above, many factors influence our financial results and our future financial outlook, including those listed below.  we closely monitor these factors to plan for the company's current needs, and to adjust our expectations, financial budgets and forecasts appropriately.
electric operating revenues.  for the years 2018 through 2020, retail electric revenues comprised approximately 95% of our total operating revenues.  our electric operating revenues are affected by customer growth or decline, variations in weather from period to period, customer mix, average usage per customer and the impacts of energy efficiency programs, distributed energy additions, electricity rates and tariffs, the recovery of psa deferrals and the operation of other recovery mechanisms.  these revenue transactions are affected by the availability of excess generation or other energy resources and wholesale market conditions, including competition, demand and prices.
actual and projected customer and sales growth. retail customers in aps's service territory increased 2.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period. for the three years 2018 through 2020, aps's customer growth averaged 2.0% per year. we currently project annual customer growth to be 1.5% to 2.5% for 2021 and for 2021 through 2023 based on our assessment of steady population growth in arizona.
retail electricity sales in kwh, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations, increased 1.4% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period. while steady customer growth was offset by energy savings driven by customer conservation, energy efficiency, and distributed renewable generation initiatives, the main drivers of positive sales for this period were continued strong residential sales due to work-from-home policies and a gradual improvement in sales to commercial and industrial customers. though the total expected impact of covid-19 on future sales is currently unknown, aps has experienced higher electric residential sales and lower electric commercial and industrial sales since the outset of the pandemic. from march 13, 2020 through december 31, 2020, the cumulative impact on weather-normalized usage was approximately a 1% increase. during that period, aps's retail electric residential weather-normalized sales increased 5%, and its retail electric commercial and industrial weather-normalized sales decreased 4% in the aggregate. aps expects the reduction in electric demand from commercial and industrial customers and increased demand from residential customers to normalize somewhat into 2021 as business activity continues to recover and more people return to work.
for the three years 2018 through 2020, annual retail electricity sales were about flat, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations. we currently project that annual retail electricity sales in kwh will increase in the range of 0.5% to 1.5% for 2021 and increase on average in the range of 1.0% to 2.0% during 2021 through 2023, including the effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, but excluding the effects of weather variations. this projected sales growth range now includes our estimated contributions of several large data centers, but not all, and we will continue to estimate contributions and evaluate sales guidance as these customers develop more usage history. these estimates could be further impacted by slower than expected growth of the arizona economy, slower than expected ramp-up of the new data centers, or acceleration of the expected effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency, distributed renewable generation initiatives.
consistent with our focus on continuously looking for improvement in our processes and procedures, we updated our weather normalization methodology in 2020 to better leverage available ami data (smart meter data). while the prior method only used one to two months of daily usage data to estimate weather impacts, the new method utilizes a rolling four-year period of daily usage data, which improves the accuracy of estimated weather impacts on energy sales since many more data points are used for each calculation. our 1.4% weather normalized sales growth for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflects this change in methodology. the impact to our 2018-2020 average normalized sales growth from this change in methodology is 0.2%.
actual sales growth, excluding weather-related variations, may differ from our projections as a result of numerous factors, such as economic conditions, customer growth, usage patterns and energy conservation, ramp-up of data centers, impacts of energy efficiency programs and growth in distributed generation, and responses to retail price changes.  based on past experience, a 1% variation in our annual kwh sales projections attributable to such economic factors under normal business conditions can result in increases or decreases in annual net income of approximately $20 million.
weather.  in forecasting the retail sales growth numbers provided above, we assume normal weather patterns based on historical data.  historically, extreme weather variations have resulted in annual variations in net income in excess of $25 million.  however, our experience indicates that the more typical variations from normal weather can result in increases or decreases in annual net income of up to $15 million.
fuel and purchased power costs.  fuel and purchased power costs included on our consolidated statements of income are impacted by our electricity sales volumes, existing contracts for purchased power and generation fuel, our power plant performance, transmission availability or constraints, prevailing market prices, new generating plants being placed in service in our market areas, changes in our generation resource allocation, our hedging program for managing such costs and psa deferrals and the related amortization.
operations and maintenance expenses.  operations and maintenance expenses are impacted by customer and sales growth, power plant operations, maintenance of utility plant (including generation, transmission, and distribution facilities), inflation, unplanned outages, planned outages (typically scheduled in the spring and fall), renewable energy and demand side management related expenses (which are offset by the same amount of operating revenues) and other factors.
depreciation and amortization expenses.  depreciation and amortization expenses are impacted by net additions to utility plant and other property (such as new generation, transmission, and distribution facilities), and changes in depreciation and amortization rates.  see "liquidity and capital resources" below for information regarding the planned additions to our facilities.
pension and other postretirement non-service credits, net.  pension and other postretirement non-service credits can be impacted by changes in our actuarial assumptions. the most relevant actuarial assumptions are the discount rate used to measure our net periodic costs/credit, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to estimate earnings on invested funds over the long-term, the mortality assumptions and the assumed healthcare cost trend rates. we review these assumptions on an annual basis and adjust them as necessary.
property taxes.  taxes other than income taxes consist primarily of property taxes, which are affected by the value of property in-service and under construction, assessment ratios, and tax rates.  the average property tax rate in arizona for aps, which owns essentially all of our property, was 10.8% of the assessed value for 2020, 10.9% for 2019 and 11.0% for 2018. we expect property taxes to increase as we add new generating units and continue with improvements and expansions to our existing generating units and transmission and distribution facilities.
income taxes.  income taxes are affected by the amount of pretax book income, income tax rates, certain deductions and non-taxable items, such as afudc.  in addition, income taxes may also be affected by the settlement of issues with taxing authorities. on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") was enacted and was generally effective on january 1, 2018. changes impacting the company include a reduction in the corporate tax rate to 21%, revisions to the rules related to tax bonus depreciation, limitations on interest deductibility and an associated exception for certain public utilities, and requirements that certain excess deferred tax amounts of regulated utilities be normalized. (see note 5 for details of the impacts on the company as of december 31, 2020.) in aps's 2017 rate case decision, the acc approved the team, which is being used to pass through the income tax effects to retail customers of the tax act. (see note 4 for details of the team.)
interest expense.  interest expense is affected by the amount of debt outstanding and the interest rates on that debt (see note 7).  the primary factors affecting borrowing levels are expected to be our capital expenditures, long-term debt maturities, equity issuances and internally generated cash flow.  an allowance for borrowed funds used during construction offsets a portion of interest expense while capital projects are under construction.  we stop accruing afudc on a project when it is placed in commercial operation.
results of operations pinnacle west's only reportable business segment is our regulated electricity segment, which consists of traditional regulated retail and wholesale electricity businesses (primarily sales supplied under traditional cost-based rate regulation) and related activities and includes electricity generation, transmission and distribution.
operating results - 2020 compared with 2019
our consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $551 million, compared with $538 million for the prior year.  the results reflect an increase of approximately $13 million for the regulated electricity segment primarily due to higher revenue driven by the effects of weather and lower refunds in the current year related to the tax act, higher pension and other postretirement non-service credits and higher revenue from customer growth, partially offset by higher income taxes, including lower amortization of excess deferred taxes, higher depreciation and amortization expense, and higher other expenses. weather had a significant impact on our result of operations due to the hotter than normal weather in 2020 compared to 2019.
the following table presents net income attributable to common shareholders by business segment compared with the prior year:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                        2019                    net change
(dollars in millions)
regulated electricity segment:
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses                                 $2,589                      $2,425                        $164
operations and maintenance                                                                 (953)                       (939)                        (14)
depreciation and amortization                                                              (614)                       (591)                        (23)
taxes other than income taxes                                                              (225)                       (219)                         (6)
pension and other postretirement non-service credits - net                                    56                          23                          33
all other income and expenses, net                                                            26                          61                        (35)
interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction             (229)                       (217)                        (12)
income taxes (note 5)                                                                       (78)                          16                        (94)
less income related to noncontrolling interests (note 18)                                   (19)                        (19)                           -
regulated electricity segment income                                                         553                         540                          13
all other                                                                                    (2)                         (2)                           -
net income attributable to common shareholders                                              $551                        $538                         $13
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses.  regulated electricity segment operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses were $164 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior year.  the following table summarizes the major components of this change:
increase (decrease)
operating               fuel and                              net change revenues               purchased power expenses
(dollars in millions)
effects of weather                                                                                                                                                                 $165                     $40                                   $125
lower refunds in the current year related to the tax act (note 4)                                                                                                                    85                     -                                       85
changes in net fuel and purchased power costs, including off-system sales margins and related deferrals                                                                            (78)                     (85)                                     7
lost fixed cost recovery                                                                                                                                                              7                     -                                        7
lower renewable energy regulatory surcharges, offset by operations and maintenance costs                                                                                            (9)                     -                                      (9)
lower retail revenue due to the impacts of energy efficiency, distributed generation and changes in customer usage patterns, partially offset by higher customer growth             (4)         6                                                 (10)
lower transmission revenues (note 4)                                                                                                                                               (17)                     -                                     (17)
arizona attorney general matter (note 11)                                                                                                                                          (24)                     -                                     (24)
miscellaneous items, net                                                                                                                                                           (10)                     (10)                                     -
total                                                                                                                                                                              $115                     $(49)                                 $164
operations and maintenance.  operations and maintenance expenses increased $14 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period primarily because of:
an increase of $25 million primarily related to covid customer support fund, personal protective equipment and other health and safety-related costs for covid-19 response (see note 4);
an increase of $22 million related to employee benefits;
an increase of $12 million related to customer bad debt expenses for the summer disconnection moratorium and covid-19 disconnect suspensions (see note 4);
an increase of $11 million for costs related to information technology;
a decrease of $21 million in nuclear generation costs primarily related to an increased recovery from contributions of administrative and general costs from palo verde owners;
a decrease of $14 million related to consulting costs;
a decrease of $13 million primarily related to costs for renewable energy and similar regulatory programs, which are partially offset in operating revenues and purchased power;
a decrease of $6 million for customer outreach costs; and
a decrease of $2 million for corporate resources and other miscellaneous factors.
depreciation and amortization.  depreciation and amortization expenses were $23 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period primarily due to increased plant in service of $37 million, partially offset by the regulatory deferrals for the ocotillo modernization project and the four corners scr project of $17 million.
taxes other than income taxes.  taxes other than income taxes were $6 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period primarily due to higher property values.
pension and other postretirement non-service credits, net. pension and other postretirement non-service credits, net were $33 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to higher market returns in 2019.
all other income and expenses, net. all other income and expenses, net were $35 million lower for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior-year period primarily due to the current year cct and aps foundation contributions.
interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction. interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction were $12 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the prior-year period primarily due to higher debt balances in the current period.
income taxes.  income taxes were $94 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the prior-year period primarily due to higher pre-tax net income and lower amortization of excess deferred taxes, partially offset by higher tax credits.
liquidity and capital resources overview pinnacle west's primary cash needs are for dividends to our shareholders and principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.  the level of our common stock dividends and future dividend growth will be dependent on declaration by our board of directors and based on a number of factors, including our financial condition, payout ratio, free cash flow and other factors.
our primary sources of cash are dividends from aps and external debt and equity issuances.  an acc order requires aps to maintain a common equity ratio of at least 40%.  as defined in the related acc order, the common equity ratio is defined as total shareholder equity divided by the sum of total shareholder equity and long-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt.  at december 31, 2020, aps's common equity ratio, as defined, was 51%.  its total shareholder equity was approximately $6.2 billion, and total capitalization was approximately $12.2 billion.  under this order, aps would be prohibited from paying dividends if such payment would reduce its total shareholder equity below approximately $4.9 billion, assuming aps's total capitalization remains the same.  this restriction does not materially affect pinnacle west's ability to meet its ongoing cash needs or ability to pay dividends to shareholders.
aps's capital requirements consist primarily of capital expenditures and maturities of long-term debt.  aps funds its capital requirements with cash from operations and, to the extent necessary, external debt financings and equity infusions from pinnacle west.
summary of cash flows the following tables present net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in millions):
pinnacle west consolidated
2020                                                                                  2019
net cash flow provided by operating activities             $967                    $957
net cash flow used for investing activities             (1,278)                 (1,131)
net cash flow provided by financing activities              361                     179
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                   $50                      $5
arizona public service company
2020                                                                                  2019
net cash flow provided by operating activities             $929                  $1,007
net cash flow used for investing activities             (1,286)                 (1,136)
net cash flow provided by financing activities              404                     133
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                   $47                      $4
operating cash flows
2020 compared with 2019. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash provided by operating activities was $967 million in 2020 compared to $957 million in 2019. the increase of $10 million in net cash provided is primarily due to higher cash receipts from electric revenues, lower payments for operations and maintenance, lower pension contributions, lower customer advances for construction, lower income tax payments and lower other taxes, partially offset by higher fuel and purchased power costs. the difference between aps and pinnacle west's net cash provided by operating activities primarily relates to aps's income tax cash payments to pinnacle west.
retirement plans and other postretirement benefits. pinnacle west sponsors a qualified defined benefit pension plan and a non-qualified supplemental excess benefit retirement plan for the employees of pinnacle west and our subsidiaries.  the requirements of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa") require us to contribute a minimum amount to the qualified plan.  we contribute at least the minimum amount required under erisa regulations, but no more than the maximum tax-deductible amount.  the minimum required funding takes into consideration the value of plan assets and our pension benefit obligations.  under erisa, the qualified pension plan was 124% funded as of january 1, 2021 and 117% as of january 1, 2020.  under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), the qualified pension plan was 104% funded as of january 1, 2021 and 97% funded as of january 1, 2020. (see note 8 for additional details). the assets in the plan are comprised of fixed-income, equity, real estate, and short-term investments.  future year contribution amounts are dependent on plan asset performance and plan actuarial assumptions.  we made contributions to our pension plan totaling $100 million in 2020, $150 million in 2019, and $50 million in 2018.  the minimum required contributions for the pension plan are zero for the next three years.  we expect to make voluntary contributions up to $100 million in 2021 and zero thereafter.  with regard to contributions to our other postretirement benefit plan, we did not make a contribution in 2020 and 2019. we do not expect to make any contributions over the next three years to our other postretirement benefit plans. the company was reimbursed $26 million in 2020, $30 million in 2019, and $72 million in 2018 for prior years retiree medical claims from the other postretirement benefit plan trust assets.
the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act allows employers to defer payments of the employer share of social security payroll taxes that would have otherwise been owed from march 27, 2020 through december 31, 2020. we deferred the cash payment of the employer's portion of social security payroll taxes for the period july 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020 that was approximately $18 million. we will pay half of this cash deferral by december 31, 2021 and the remainder by december 31, 2022.
investing cash flows
2020 compared with 2019. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash used for investing activities was $1,278 million in 2020 compared to $1,131 million in 2019. the increase of $147 million in net cash used primarily related to increased capital expenditures.
capital expenditures.  the following table summarizes the estimated capital expenditures for the next three years:
capital expenditures
(dollars in millions)
estimated for the year ended december 31,
2021                                                                                          2022                        2023
aps generation:
clean:
nuclear generation                                            $114                        $116                        $125
renewables and energy storage systems ("ess") (a)              200                         276                         281
other generation (b)                                           203                         190                         187
distribution                                                   577                         556                         549
transmission                                                   185                         181                         179
other (c)                                                      221                         181                         179
total aps                                                   $1,500                      $1,500                      $1,500
(a)aps solar communities program, energy storage, renewable projects and other clean energy projects
(b)includes generation environmental projects
(c)primarily information systems and facilities projects generation capital expenditures are comprised of various additions and improvements to aps's clean resources, including nuclear plants, renewables and ess. generation capital expenditures also include improvements to existing fossil plants. examples of the types of projects included in the forecast of generation capital expenditures are additions of renewables and energy storage, and upgrades and capital replacements of various nuclear and fossil power plant equipment, such as turbines, boilers and environmental equipment.  we are monitoring the status of environmental matters, which, depending on their final outcome, could require modification to our planned environmental expenditures.
distribution and transmission capital expenditures are comprised of infrastructure additions and upgrades, capital replacements, and new customer construction.  examples of the types of projects included in the forecast include power lines, substations, and line extensions to new residential and commercial developments.
capital expenditures will be funded with internally generated cash and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt and pinnacle west common stock.
financing cash flows and liquidity
2020 compared with 2019.  pinnacle west's consolidated net cash provided by financing activities was $361 million in 2020 compared to $179 million of net cash provided in 2019, an increase of $182 million in net cash provided.  the increase in net cash provided by financing activities includes $504 million in higher issuances of long-term debt partially offset by higher long-term debt repayments of $315 million, a net increase in short term borrowings of $16 million and higher dividend payments of $21 million.
aps's consolidated net cash provided by financing activities was $404 million in 2020 compared to $133 million of net cash provided in 2019, an increase of $271 million in net cash provided.  the increase in net cash provided by financing activities includes lower long-term debt repayments of $135 million and $8 million in higher issuances of long-term debt, higher equity infusion of $150 million and higher dividend payments of $21 million.
significant financing activities.  on december 16, 2020, the pinnacle west board of directors declared a dividend of $0.83 per share of common stock, payable on march 1, 2021 to shareholders of record on february 1, 2021. during 2020, pinnacle west increased its indicated annual dividend from $3.13 per share to $3.32 per share. for the year ended december 31, 2020, pinnacle west's total dividends paid per share of common stock were $3.18 per share, which resulted in dividend payments of $351 million.
on january 15, 2020, aps repaid at maturity the remaining $150 million of the $250 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.2% senior notes.
on may 22, 2020, aps issued $600 million of 3.35% unsecured senior notes that mature may 15, 2050. the net proceeds from the sale were used to repay early its $200 million term loan facility and to repay short-term indebtedness, consisting of commercial paper and revolver borrowings, and to replenish cash used to fund capital expenditures.
on june 17, 2020, pinnacle west issued $500 million of 1.3% unsecured senior notes that mature june 15, 2025. the net proceeds from the sale were used to repay early its $150 million term loan facility set to mature on december 21, 2020, to repay short-term indebtedness consisting of commercial paper and replenish cash incurred or used to fund capital expenditures, to redeem prior to maturity our $300 million, 2.25% senior notes due november 30, 2020, and for general corporate purposes.
on september 11, 2020, aps issued $400 million of 2.65% unsecured senior notes that mature september 15, 2050. the net proceeds from the sale will be used to replenish cash used for previous eligible green expenditures and fund future eligible green expenditures.
on november 19, 2020, aps reopened its $300 million, 2.6% unsecured senior notes that mature on august 15, 2029, and issued an additional $105 million of 2.6% unsecured senior notes. the aggregate balance of $405 million will mature on august 15, 2029. the net proceeds from the sale, together with funds made available from other sources, were used to redeem, prior to maturity, no later than 20 days after the date that the new notes were issued, (i) the $49.4 million outstanding principal amount of 4.7% city of farmington, new mexico pollution control revenue refunding bonds (arizona public service company four corners project), 1994 series a, and (ii) the $65.75 million outstanding principal amount of 4.7% city of farmington, new mexico pollution control revenue refunding bonds (arizona public service company four corners project), 1994 series b.
on december 23, 2020, pinnacle west entered into a $150 million term loan facility that matures june 2022. the proceeds were received on january 4, 2021 and used for general corporate purposes. we recognized the term loan facility as long-term debt upon settlement on january 4, 2021.
on december 28, 2020, pinnacle west contributed $150 million into aps in the form of an equity infusion. aps used this contribution to repay short-term indebtedness.
available credit facilities. pinnacle west and aps maintain committed revolving credit facilities in order to enhance liquidity and provide credit support for their commercial paper.
on may 5, 2020, pinnacle west refinanced its 364-day $50 million term loan agreement that would have matured on may 7, 2020 with a new 364-day $31 million term loan agreement that matures may 4, 2021. borrowings under the agreement bear interest at eurodollar rate plus 1.40% per annum. at december 31, 2020, pinnacle west had $19 million in outstanding borrowings under the agreement.
at december 31, 2020, pinnacle west had a $200 million revolving credit facility that matures in july 2023. pinnacle west has the option to increase the amount of the facility up to a maximum of $300 million upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and with the consent of the lenders. interest rates are based on pinnacle west's senior unsecured debt credit ratings. the facility is available to support pinnacle west's $200 million commercial paper program, for bank borrowings or for issuances of letters of credits. at december 31, 2020, pinnacle west had no outstanding borrowings under its credit facility, no letters of credit outstanding and $150 million of commercial paper borrowings.
at december 31, 2020, aps had two revolving credit facilities totaling $1 billion, including a $500 million credit facility that matures in june 2022 and a $500 million facility that matures in july 2023. aps may increase the amount of each facility up to a maximum of $700 million, for a total of $1.4 billion, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and with the consent of the lenders.  interest rates are based on aps's senior unsecured debt credit ratings. these facilities are available to support aps's $500 million commercial paper program, for bank borrowings or for issuances of letters of credit.  at december 31, 2020, aps had no outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facilities, no letters of credit outstanding and no commercial paper borrowings. see "financial assurances" in note 11 for a discussion of aps's other outstanding letters of credit.
other financing matters.  see note 16 for information related to the change in our margin and collateral accounts.
debt provisions pinnacle west's and aps's debt covenants related to their respective bank financing arrangements include maximum debt to capitalization ratios.  pinnacle west and aps comply with these covenants.  for both pinnacle west and aps, these covenants require that the ratio of consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization not exceed 65%.  at december 31, 2020, the ratio was approximately 54% for pinnacle west and 49% for aps.  failure to comply with such covenant levels would result in an event of default which, generally speaking, would require the immediate repayment of the debt subject to the covenants and could "cross-default" other debt.  see further discussion of "cross-default" provisions below.
neither pinnacle west's nor aps's financing agreements contain "rating triggers" that would result in an acceleration of the required interest and principal payments in the event of a rating downgrade.  however, our bank credit agreements contain a pricing grid in which the interest rates we pay for borrowings thereunder are determined by our current credit ratings.
all of pinnacle west's loan agreements contain "cross-default" provisions that would result in defaults and the potential acceleration of payment under these loan agreements if pinnacle west or aps were to default under certain other material agreements.  all of aps's bank agreements contain "cross-default" provisions that would result in defaults and the potential acceleration of payment under these bank agreements if aps were to default under certain other material agreements.  pinnacle west and aps do not have a material adverse change restriction for credit facility borrowings.
see note 7 for further discussions of liquidity matters.
credit ratings the ratings of securities of pinnacle west and aps as of february 23, 2021 are shown below.  we are disclosing these credit ratings to enhance understanding of our cost of short-term and long-term capital and our ability to access the markets for liquidity and long-term debt.  the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies, from which an explanation of the significance of their ratings may be obtained.  there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time.  the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.  any downward revision or withdrawal may adversely affect the market price of pinnacle west's or aps's securities and/or result in an increase in the cost of, or limit access to, capital.  such revisions may also result in substantial additional cash or other collateral requirements related to certain derivative instruments, insurance policies, natural gas transportation, fuel supply, and other energy-related contracts.  at this time, we believe we have sufficient available liquidity resources to respond to a downward revision to our credit ratings.
moody's        standard &amp; poor's         fitch pinnacle west corporate credit rating       a3             a-                            a-
senior unsecured              a3             bbb+                          a-
commercial paper              p-2            a-2                           f2
outlook                       negative       stable                        negative aps corporate credit rating       a2             a-                            a-
senior unsecured              a2             a-                            a commercial paper              p-1            a-2                           f2
outlook                       negative       stable                        negative off-balance sheet arrangements see note 18 for a discussion of the impacts on our financial statements of consolidating certain vies.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes pinnacle west's consolidated contractual requirements as of december 31, 2020 (dollars in millions):
2021                                                                                     2022-                    2024-                 thereafter                    total
2023                     2025
long-term debt payments, including interest: (a)
aps                                                           $227                    $452                     $985                   $8,796                    $10,460
pinnacle west                                                    7                      14                      510                        -                        531
total long-term debt payments, including interest              234                     466                    1,495                    8,796                     10,991
short-term debt payments, including interest (b)               169                       -                        -                        -                        169
fuel and purchased power commitments (c)                       657                   1,243                    1,134                    5,264                      8,298
renewable energy credits (d)                                    35                      61                       53                      105                        254
purchase obligations (e)                                       115                      60                       22                      185                        382
coal reclamation                                                16                      35                       39                       69                        159
nuclear decommissioning funding requirements                     2                       4                        4                       48                         58
noncontrolling interests (f)                                    23                      46                       32                      127                        228
operating lease payments (g)                                    14                      20                       11                       37                         82
total contractual commitments                               $1,265                  $1,935                   $2,790                  $14,631                    $20,621
(a)the long-term debt matures at various dates through 2050 and bears interest principally at fixed rates.  interest on variable-rate long-term debt is determined by using average rates at december 31, 2020 (see note 7).
(b)see note 6 for further details.
(c)our fuel and purchased power commitments include purchases of coal, electricity, natural gas, renewable energy, nuclear fuel, and natural gas transportation (see notes 4 and 11).
(d)contracts to purchase renewable energy credits in compliance with the res (see note 4).
(e)these contractual obligations include commitments for capital expenditures and other obligations.
(f)payments to the noncontrolling interests relate to the palo verde sale leaseback (see note 18).
(g)commitments relating to purchased power lease contracts are included within the fuel and purchased power commitments line above (see note 9).
this table excludes $46 million in unrecognized tax benefits because the timing of the future cash outflows is uncertain.  in january 2021, approximately $391 million of new fuel and purchased power commitments have been executed, primarily relating to periods after 2025 (see note 9). estimated minimum required pension contributions are zero for 2021, 2022 and 2023 (see note 8).
critical accounting policies in preparing the financial statements in accordance with gaap, management must often make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures at the date of the financial statements and during the reporting period.  some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and actual results could differ from those estimates.  we consider the following accounting policies to be our most critical because of the uncertainties, judgments and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved.
regulatory accounting regulatory accounting allows for the actions of regulators, such as the acc and ferc, to be reflected in our financial statements.  their actions may cause us to capitalize costs that would otherwise be included as an expense in the current period by unregulated companies.  regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because they are probable of future recovery in customer rates.  regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers. management judgments include continually assessing the likelihood of future recovery of regulatory assets and/or a disallowance of part of the cost of recently completed plant, by considering factors such as applicable regulatory environment changes and recent rate orders to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction.  this determination reflects the current political and regulatory climate in arizona and is subject to change in the future.  if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the assets would be written off as a charge in current period earnings, except for pension benefits, which would be charged to oci and result in lower future earnings.  management judgments also include assessing the impact of potential acc or ferc commission-ordered refunds to customers on regulatory liabilities. we had $1,426 million of regulatory assets and $2,679 million of regulatory liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2020.
see notes 1 and 4 for more information.
pensions and other postretirement benefit accounting changes in our actuarial assumptions used in calculating our pension and other postretirement benefit assets, liabilities and expense can have a significant impact on our earnings and financial position.  the most relevant actuarial assumptions are the discount rate used to measure our liability and net periodic cost, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to estimate earnings on invested funds over the long-term, the mortality assumptions, and the assumed healthcare cost trend rates.  we review these assumptions on an annual basis and adjust them as necessary.
the following chart reflects the sensitivities that a change in certain actuarial assumptions would have had on the december 31, 2020 reported pension assets and liability on the consolidated balance sheets and our 2020 reported pension expense, after consideration of amounts capitalized or billed to electric plant participants, on pinnacle west's consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
increase (decrease)
actuarial assumption (a)                                          impact on                              impact on pension                                  pension plans                                    expense discount rate:
increase 1%                                                       $(429)                               $(12)
decrease 1%                                              522                                              12
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets:
increase 1%                                                       -                                     (23)
decrease 1%                                                       -                                       23
(a)each fluctuation assumes that the other assumptions of the calculation are held constant while the rates are changed by one percentage point.
the following chart reflects the sensitivities that a change in certain actuarial assumptions would have had on the december 31, 2020 other postretirement benefit obligation and our 2020 reported other postretirement benefit expense, after consideration of amounts capitalized or billed to electric plant participants, on pinnacle west's consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
increase (decrease)
actuarial assumption (a)                                                         impact on other                        impact on other postretirement                         postretirement benefit                        benefit expense plans discount rate:
increase 1%                                                                        $(77)                                   $(1)
decrease 1%                                                                           98                                      4
healthcare cost trend rate (b):
increase 1%                                                                           86                                      8
decrease 1%                                                                         (70)                                    (4)
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets - pretax:
increase 1%                                                                            -                                    (5)
decrease 1%                                                                            -                                      5
(a)each fluctuation assumes that the other assumptions of the calculation are held constant while the rates are changed by one percentage point.
(b)this assumes a 1% change in the initial and ultimate healthcare cost trend rate.
see note 8 for further details about our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
fair value measurements we account for derivative instruments, investments held in our nuclear decommissioning trusts fund, investments held in our other special use funds, certain cash equivalents, and plan assets held in our retirement and other benefit plans at fair value on a recurring basis.  fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  we use inputs, or assumptions that market participants would use, to determine fair market value. we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  the significance of a particular input determines how the instrument is classified in a fair value hierarchy.  the determination of fair value sometimes requires subjective and complex judgment.  our assessment of the inputs and the significance of a particular input to fair value measurement may affect the valuation of the instruments and their placement within a fair value hierarchy.  actual results could differ from our estimates of fair value.  see note 1 for a discussion of accounting policies and note 13 for fair value measurement disclosures.
asset retirement obligations we recognize an aro for the future decommissioning or retirement of our tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. the aro liability represents an estimate of the fair value of the current obligation related to decommissioning and the retirement of those assets. aro measurements inherently involve uncertainty in the amount and timing of settlement of the liability. we use an expected cash flow approach to measure the amount we recognize as an aro. this approach applies probability weighting to discounted future cash flow scenarios that reflect a range of possible outcomes. the scenarios consider settlement of the aro at the expiration of the asset's current license or lease term and expected decommissioning dates. the fair value of an aro is recognized in the period in which it is incurred. the associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying value of the long-lived asset and are depreciated over the life of the related assets. in addition, we accrete the aro liability to reflect the passage of time. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the amount of the recorded aro for these assets. in accordance with gaap accounting, aps accrues removal costs for its regulated utility assets, even if there is no legal obligation for removal.
aros as of december 31, 2020 are described further in note 12.
other accounting matters on january 1, 2020, we adopted asu 2016-13, and related amendments, pertaining to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. in 2020, we also adopted asu 2018-14, related to defined benefit plan disclosures. (see note 3 for additional information related to new accounting standards.)
market and credit risks market risks our operations include managing market risks related to changes in interest rates, commodity prices and investments held by our nuclear decommissioning trust, other special use funds and benefit plan assets.
interest rate and equity risk we have exposure to changing interest rates.  changing interest rates will affect interest paid on variable-rate debt and the market value of fixed income securities held by our nuclear decommissioning trust, other special use funds (see note 13 and note 19), and benefit plan assets.  the nuclear decommissioning trust, other special use funds and benefit plan assets also have risks associated with the changing market value of their equity and other non-fixed income investments.  nuclear decommissioning and benefit plan costs are recovered in regulated electricity prices.
the tables below present contractual balances of our consolidated long-term and short-term debt at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair value of those instruments on december 31, 2020 and 2019.  the interest rates presented in the tables below represent the weighted-average interest rates as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in millions):
pinnacle west - consolidated short-term                                         variable-rate                                                                     fixed-rate debt                                               long-term debt                                                                long-term debt interest                                           interest                                               interest
2020            rates                      amount                  rates                      amount                         rates                       amount
2021               0.40   %                $169                    -                          $-                            -                           $-
2022            -                          -                       -                          -                             -                            -
2023            -                          -                       -                          -                             -                            -
2024            -                          -                       -                          -                          3.35   %                      250
2025            -                          -                       -                          -                          1.99   %                      800
years thereafter            -                          -              0.18               %    36                                     3.95   %                    5,280
total                                       $169                                               $36                                                   $6,330
fair value                                       $169                                               $36                                                   $7,577
short-term                                                                   variable-rate                                           fixed-rate debt                                                                        long-term debt                                       long-term debt interest                                               interest                                           interest
2019            rates                      amount                         rates               amount                         rates               amount
2020               2.06   %                $115                       2.16   %                $350                       2.23   %                $450
2021            -                          -                             -                    -                             -                    -
2022            -                          -                             -                    -                             -                    -
2023            -                          -                             -                    -                             -                    -
2024            -                          -                             -                    -                          3.78   %    365
years thereafter            -                          -                          1.54   %    36                                     4.12   %                4,475
total                                       $115                                               $386                                               $5,290
fair value                                       $115                                               $386                                               $5,808
the tables below present contractual balances of aps's long-term and short-term debt at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair value of those instruments on december 31, 2020 and 2019.  the interest rates presented in the tables below represent the weighted-average interest rates as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in millions):
aps - consolidated variable-rate                                   fixed-rate long-term debt                                  long-term debt interest                                               interest
2020                           rates                   amount                            rates                    amount
2021                           -                       $-                               -                        $-
2022                           -                       -                                -                         -
2023                           -                       -                                -                         -
2024                           -                       -                             3.35   %                   250
2025                           -                       -                             3.15   %                   300
years thereafter               0.18                  %    36                                     3.95   %                 5,280
total                                                   $36                                                   $5,830
fair value                                                   $36                                                   $7,068
variable-rate                                   fixed-rate long-term debt                                  long-term debt interest                                           interest
2019                                  rates            amount                            rates                    amount
2020                              2.12   %             $200                          2.20   %                  $150
2021                                 -                 -                                -                         -
2022                                 -                 -                                -                         -
2023                                 -                 -                                -                         -
2024                                 -                 -                             3.78   %    365
years thereafter                              1.54   %    36                                     4.12   %                 4,475
total                                                   $236                                                  $4,990
fair value                                                   $236                                                  $5,508
commodity price risk we are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the commodity price and transportation costs of electricity and natural gas.  our risk management committee, consisting of officers and key management personnel, oversees company-wide energy risk management activities to ensure compliance with our stated energy risk management policies.  we manage risks associated with these market fluctuations by utilizing various commodity instruments that may qualify as derivatives, including futures, forwards, options and swaps.  as part of our risk management program, we use such instruments to hedge purchases and sales of electricity and natural gas.  the changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the hedged commodities.
the following table shows the net pretax changes in mark-to-market of our derivative positions (dollars in millions):
december 31, 2020                december 31, 2019
mark-to-market of net positions at beginning of year        $(71)                            $(58)
decrease (increase) in regulatory asset                     57                               (15)
recognized in oci:
mark-to-market losses realized during the period            1                       2
change in valuation techniques                              -                                -
mark-to-market of net positions at end of year              $(13)                            $(71)
the table below shows the fair value of maturities of our derivative contracts (dollars in millions) at december 31, 2020 by maturities and by the type of valuation that is performed to calculate the fair values, classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  (see note 1, "derivative accounting" and "fair value measurements," for more discussion of our valuation methods.)
source of fair value                                        2021                  2022                  2023                  2024                  2025                total fair value observable prices provided by other external sources                 $(2)                  $(3)                  $(5)                  $(2)                  $-         $(12)
prices based on unobservable inputs                                  (1)                   -                     -                     -                     -          (1)
total by maturity                                                    $(3)                  $(3)                  $(5)                  $(2)                  $-         $(13)
the table below shows the impact that hypothetical price movements of 10% would have on the market value of our risk management assets and liabilities included on pinnacle west's consolidated balance sheets (dollars in millions):
december 31, 2020            december 31, 2019
gain (loss)            gain (loss)
price up 10%               price down 10%                price up 10%                     price down 10%
mark-to-market changes reported in:
regulatory asset (liability) (a)
electricity                                        $4                      $(4)                          $-                               $-
natural gas                                        49                      (49)                 55                                        (55)
total                                             $53                      $(53)                         $55                              $(55)
(a)these contracts are economic hedges of our forecasted purchases of natural gas and electricity.  the impact of these hypothetical price movements would substantially offset the impact that these same price movements would have on the physical exposures being hedged.  to the extent the amounts are eligible for inclusion in the psa, the amounts are recorded as either a regulatory asset or liability.
credit risk we are exposed to losses in the event of non-performance or non-payment by counterparties.  (see note 16 for a discussion of our credit valuation adjustment policy.)
