item 1a.    risk factors the risks described below and in other documents we file from time to time with the securities and exchange commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
economic and strategic risks the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition in the future remains uncertain.
beginning in early 2020, extraordinary and wide-ranging actions have been taken by international, federal, state, and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19). these actions have included, and continue to include, quarantines, physical distancing, face coverings, restrictions on public gatherings and other health and safety protocols, stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, mandatory business closures, and other mandates that have substantially restricted individuals' daily activities and curtailed or ceased many businesses' normal operations.
in response to the pandemic and these actions, we began implementing changes in our business in march 2020 designed to protect the health and well-being of our employees and customers and to support appropriate physical distancing and other health and safety protocols. in late march 2020, we temporarily reduced store hours and closed our sales floors in our company-operated paint stores to the general public, requiring our customers to order product online or via phone and to access their products via curbside pickup or delivery. we implemented remote, alternate and flexible work arrangements where possible, including implementing split shifts at facilities and remote work options for non-essential on-site functions, enhanced cleaning and sanitation procedures, transitioned some of our facilities to manufacture hand sanitizer for use in our facilities and surrounding communities, implemented domestic and international travel restrictions, implemented return to work and visitor screening protocols, and postponed or canceled hosting or attending large events. we also enhanced certain employee benefits, such as tele-health, paid sick leave, family leave and voluntary leave of absence policies and programs. in may 2020, we began the process of reinstituting regular store hours and re-opening the sales floors in our stores with appropriate health and safety protocols, which resulted in all of our stores in the u.s. and canada being fully re-opened. we also began the process of returning some of our employees who work in office environments to the office, although many employees continue to work remotely. the necessary and appropriate measures we have taken have resulted in additional costs, including for covid-related leave and related healthcare costs in support of our employees and their families, and have adversely impacted our business and financial performance. we also face operational risks in connection with remote work arrangements, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, phishing, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages or system failures. as our response to the pandemic continues and evolves, we expect to incur additional costs and are likely to experience further adverse impacts to our business, each of which may be significant.
the covid-19 outbreak has surfaced in all regions around the world and has severely impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets, all of which are expected to continue, and all of which have adversely affected, and are expected to continue to adversely affect, our business. we continue to experience occasional, temporary disruptions and closures of some of our facilities due to covid-19. we also continue to see shifts in consumer behaviors and preferences, as well as impacts in the demand for some of our products. since the first quarter of 2020, we have experienced an unprecedented surge in do-it-yourself (diy) demand due to some of our customers spending more time at home and focusing on home improvement projects. as a result, our architectural business was quick to recover from the onset of the pandemic, while many of our industrial businesses are recovering at a slower pace as commercial and other industrial projects are delayed. while we expect demand levels to return to more normalized levels eventually, our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products due to the pandemic remains uncertain. although the raw materials used in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products are typically available from various sources in sufficient quantities, and although we have not experienced significant raw material shortages, delays or increased costs to date, covid-19 may result in increased costs and unexpected shortages or delays in the delivery of some raw materials, each of which could be significant. we reduced spending in certain areas of our business, including through voluntary and involuntary leave programs and reductions in capital expenditures, temporarily suspending share repurchases and reducing discretionary spending, and we may need to take additional actions to reduce spending in the future.
while we are closely monitoring the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of our business, the extent of the impact on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial performance, as well as our ability to execute near-term and long-term business strategies and initiatives, will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments, which are highly uncertain and which we cannot predict or control, and some of which we are not currently aware, including, but not limited to:
(a) the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, including additional waves, increases and spikes in the number of covid-19 cases in certain areas; (b) rapidly-changing governmental and public health directives to contain and combat the outbreak, including the duration, degree and effectiveness of directives, as well as the easing, removal and potential reinstitution of directives; (c) the further development, availability, effectiveness and distribution of treatments and vaccines for covid-19; (d) the extent and duration of the pandemic's adverse and volatile effects on economic and social activity, consumer confidence, discretionary spending and preferences, labor and healthcare costs, and unemployment rates, any of which may reduce demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us; (e) our ability to sell, provide and meet the demand for our services and products, including as a result of potential reinstitution of temporarily-reduced store hours and sales floor closures in our stores and continued travel restrictions, mandatory business closures, and stay-at-home or similar orders; (f) any temporary reduction in our workforce, closures of our offices and facilities and our ability to adequately staff and maintain our operations, including as a result of employees or their family members testing positive for covid-19; (g) the ability of our customers and suppliers to continue their operations, which could affect our ability to sell, provide and meet the demand for our services and products and result in terminations of contracts, losses of revenue and adverse effects to our supply chain; and (h) any impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets which could be recorded as a result of weaker economic conditions. if the pandemic continues to create disruptions or turmoil in the credit or financial markets, or further impacts our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet our liquidity needs.
given the inherent uncertainty surrounding covid-19, we expect the pandemic will continue to create challenging operating environments and have an adverse impact on our business in the near term. if these conditions persist for a prolonged period, the covid-19 pandemic, including any of the above factors and others that are currently unknown, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition.
adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the united states and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. adverse changes in such conditions in the united states and worldwide, including due to the covid-19 pandemic, may reduce the demand for some of our products, adversely impact our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products, and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. higher inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates and unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions, changing governmental policies, laws and regulations, business disruptions due to cybersecurity incidents, terrorist activity, armed conflict, war, public health crises (including the covid-19 pandemic), impacts of climate change, fires or other natural disasters, and other economic factors could also adversely affect demand for some of our products, our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products, the availability, delivery or cost of raw materials, our ability to adequately staff and maintain operations at affected facilities and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers.
protracted duration of economic downturns in cyclical segments of the economy may depress the demand for some of our products and adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
portions of our business involve the sale of paint, coatings and related products to segments of the economy that are cyclical in nature, particularly segments relating to construction, housing, manufacturing and oil production, refining, storage and transportation. our sales to these segments are affected by the levels of discretionary consumer and business spending in these segments. during economic downturns in these segments, the levels of consumer and business discretionary spending may decrease, and the recovery of these segments may lag behind the recovery of the overall economy. this decrease in spending will likely reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
although interest rates remain low by historical standards, any increase may adversely affect the demand for new residential homes, existing home turnover and new non-residential construction. a worsening in these segments will reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely impact sales, earnings and cash flow.
in the u.s. construction and housing segments, the recent demand for new construction has caused contractors to experience a shortage of skilled workers, resulting in project backlogs and an adverse effect on the growth rate of demand for our products. while we expect to see higher demand for our products as project backlogs are reduced in the future, this labor shortage may adversely impact our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
adverse weather conditions or impacts of climate change and natural disasters may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow.
our business is seasonal in nature, with the second and third quarters typically generating a higher proportion of sales and earnings than other quarters. from time to time, adverse weather conditions or impacts of climate change and natural disasters have had or may have an adverse effect on our sales of paint, coatings and related products. unusually cold and rainy weather could also have an adverse effect on sales of our exterior paint products. an adverse effect on sales may cause a reduction in our earnings or cash flow.
financial risks a weakening of global credit markets may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
a weakening of global credit markets may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses, access to capital and our investments, which may adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we finance a portion of our sales through trade credit. credit markets remain tight, and some customers who require financing for their businesses have not been able to obtain necessary financing. a continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility and other financing facilities. if any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, such inability could adversely impact our cash flow, liquidity or financial condition, including our ability to obtain funding for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes.
although we currently have available credit facilities to fund our current operating needs, we cannot be certain we will be able to replace our existing credit facilities or refinance our existing or future debt when necessary. our cost of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions, but also by our debt and credit ratings assigned by the major credit rating agencies. downgrades in these ratings, including due to uncertainties regarding covid-19, will increase our cost of borrowing and could have an adverse effect on our access to the capital markets, including our access to the commercial paper market. an inability to access the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we have goodwill and intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet. we periodically evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate such value may not be recoverable. an impairment assessment involves judgment as to assumptions regarding future sales and cash flow and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. future events and changing market conditions may impact our assumptions and change our estimates of future sales and cash flow, resulting in us incurring substantial impairment charges, which would adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
we hold investments in equity and debt securities in some of our defined benefit pension plans. a decrease in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn may cause a negative pension plan investment performance, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we require a significant amount of cash to service the substantial amount of debt we have outstanding. our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. we also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. if we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness.
at december 31, 2020, we had total debt of approximately $8.292 billion, which is a decrease of $393.1 million since december 31, 2019. we have the ability under our existing credit facilities to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. our ability to make payments on our debt, fund our other liquidity needs, and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, including public health crises, such as the covid-19 pandemic, and related impacts. we cannot guarantee our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures.
the degree to which we are currently leveraged could have important consequences for shareholders. for example, it could:
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions;
•limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business; or
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt.
additionally, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us.
a significant portion of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent to some extent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt or to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. further, any payment of dividends, loans or advances by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors. even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. finally, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
because of our international operations, we are exposed to risk associated with interest rates and value changes in foreign currencies, which may adversely affect our business. historically, our reported net sales, earnings, cash flow and financial condition have been subjected to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. our primary exchange rate exposure is with the euro, the chinese yuan, the brazilian real, the canadian dollar, the british pound, the mexican peso, the australian dollar and the argentine peso, each against the u.s. dollar. while we actively manage the exposure of our foreign currency risk as part of our overall financial risk management policy, we believe we may experience losses from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and such losses could adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
operational risks unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy may adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
we purchase raw materials (including titanium dioxide and petrochemical feedstock sources, such as propylene and ethylene) and energy for use in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. factors such as political instability, higher tariffs, impacts of climate change and adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, or public health crises, including the covid-19 pandemic, could disrupt the availability of raw material and fuel supplies, adversely impact our ability to adequately staff and maintain operations at affected facilities and increase our costs. in addition, environmental and social regulations, including regulations related to climate change, may negatively impact us or our suppliers in terms of availability and cost of raw materials, as well as sources and supply of energy. although raw materials and energy supplies (including oil and natural gas) are generally available from various sources in sufficient quantities, unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy, or any deterioration in our relationships with or the financial viability of our suppliers, may have an adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow in the event we are unable to obtain these raw materials and energy from other sources or offset higher costs in a timely manner by sufficiently decreasing our operating costs or raising the prices of our products. in recent years, some raw material and energy prices have increased, particularly titanium dioxide and petrochemical feedstock sources, such as propylene and ethylene, as well as metal and plastic packaging. the cost of raw materials and energy has in the past experienced, and likely will in the future continue to experience, periods of volatility.
although we have an extensive customer base, the loss of any of our largest customers could adversely affect our sales, earnings or cash flow.
we have a large and varied customer base due to our extensive distribution platform. during 2020, no individual customer accounted for sales totaling more than ten percent of our sales. however, we have some customers that, individually, purchase a large amount of products from us. although our broad distribution channels help to minimize the impact of the loss of any one customer, the loss of any of these large customers could have an adverse effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow.
increased competition or failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas of our business may reduce our sales, earnings or cash flow performance.
we face substantial competition from many international, national, regional and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution and sale of our paint, coatings and related products. some of our competitors are larger than us or operate more extensively in certain regions around the world and have greater financial or operational resources to compete. other competitors are smaller and may be able to offer more specialized products. technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price are key competitive factors for our business. competition in any of these areas, or failure to keep pace with developments in any of these areas, may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and selling our products.
our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations.
we have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and will likely acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy. the success of future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. in the event we do not successfully integrate such future acquisitions into our existing operations so as to realize the expected return on our investment, our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in asia, europe, south america and other foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
net external sales of our consolidated foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately 19.5%, 20.6% and 23.0% of our total consolidated net sales in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. sales outside of the united states make up a significant part of our current business and future strategic plans. our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition could be adversely affected by a variety of domestic and international factors, including general economic conditions, political instability, inflation rates, recessions, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency exchange controls, interest rates, foreign investment and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil unrest, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and other external economic and political factors. in addition, public health crises (including the covid-19 pandemic) in foreign jurisdictions may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and adversely affect the availability and cost of raw materials. our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
in many foreign countries, it is acceptable to engage in certain business practices we are prohibited from engaging in because of regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act. recent years have seen a substantial increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both u.s. and non-u.s. regulators, and an increase in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. although we have internal control policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these regulations, there can be no assurance our policies and procedures will prevent a violation of these regulations. any violation could cause an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
due to the international scope of our operations, changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment may affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. our business benefits from free trade agreements, which may include the united states-mexico-canada agreement, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers.
additionally, the results of the united kingdom's referendum on european union membership, which resulted in the united kingdom's exit from the european union on january 31, 2020 ("brexit"), caused significant volatility in global stock markets, currency exchange rate fluctuations and global economic uncertainty. the transition period post-brexit expired on december 31, 2020, and the united kingdom and european union entered into a free trade agreement that now governs the united kingdom's relationship with the european union. while the united kingdom and european union can generally continue to trade with each other without the imposition of tariffs for imports and exports, there are new customs requirements that require additional documentation and data, and there are also new controls on the movement and reporting of goods (including chemicals). we do not know the extent to which brexit and the free trade agreement will ultimately impact the business and regulatory environment in the united kingdom, the rest of the european union or other countries, although it is possible there will be tighter controls and administrative requirements for imports and exports between the united kingdom and the european union or other countries, as well as increased regulatory complexities. any of these factors could adversely impact customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers and our results of operations.
cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems could interfere with our operations, result in the compromise or loss of critical and confidential information and severely harm our business.
we rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers and other vendors. these information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including, but not limited to, production planning, manufacturing, finance, company operations, sales and customer service. some of these systems are maintained or operated by third party providers. despite our efforts to prevent disruptions to these information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, phishing, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages or system failures. these risks could be magnified due to the increased reliance on information technology systems because of the covid-19 pandemic. disruptions to these systems may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as part of our business, we collect and handle sensitive and confidential information about our business, customers, employees and suppliers. despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those third-parties with which we do business, may be vulnerable to cyber attacks, security breaches, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages, system failures, acts of vandalism or misconduct, human or technical errors or other similar events or disruptions. any such event involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of information, whether impacting us or third-parties with which we do business, could result in losses, damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation, regulatory action and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. we continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems, providing training for employees, assessing the continued appropriateness of relevant insurance coverage and strengthening our controls to monitor and mitigate these threats.
the domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to our business. compliance with these requirements, including the european union's general data protection regulation, the california consumer privacy act and other international and domestic regulations, could result in additional costs and changes to our business practices.
inability to protect or enforce our material trademarks and other intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous patents, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names and know-how that are valuable to our business. despite our efforts to protect such intellectual property and other proprietary information from unauthorized use or disclosure, third parties may attempt to disclose, obtain or use our trademarks or such other intellectual property and information without our authorization. although we rely on the patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws of the united states and other countries to protect our intellectual property rights, the laws of some countries may not protect such rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, the failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect our intellectual property rights, or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could have an adverse effect on our business.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, for which compliance could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, u.s. and foreign export and trading laws, data privacy and security laws, and laws governing improper business practices. we are affected by new laws and regulations, and changes to existing laws and regulations, including interpretations by courts and regulators. from time to time, our company, our operations and the industries in which we operate are being reviewed or investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages.
although we believe we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to mitigate these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means compliance risks will continue to exist. investigations, examinations and other proceedings, the nature and outcome of which cannot be predicted, will likely arise from time to time. these investigations, examinations and other proceedings could subject us to significant liability and require us to take significant accruals or pay significant settlements, fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are subject to tax laws and regulations in the united states and multiple foreign jurisdictions. we are affected by changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes in related interpretations and other tax guidance. in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to examinations and investigations by various tax authorities and other regulators. in addition to existing examinations and investigations, there could be additional examinations and investigations in the future, and existing examinations and investigations could be expanded.
for non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss contingencies and accrue for such loss contingencies as required by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. subsequent developments may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency. in the event the loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. in those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable a liability has been incurred and cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid. for income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant facts. for those income tax positions where we determine there is not a greater than 50% likelihood such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our financial statements. subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial position for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid.
we discuss risks and uncertainties with regard to taxes in more detail in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
we are required to comply with numerous complex and increasingly stringent domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental laws, regulations and requirements, the cost of which is likely to increase and may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental laws, regulations and requirements, including related to climate change and the covid-19 pandemic. these laws, regulations and requirements not only govern our current operations and products, but also impose potential liability on us for our past operations. we expect health, safety and environmental laws, regulations and requirements to be increasingly stringent upon our industry and us in the future. our costs to comply with these laws, regulations and requirements may increase as they become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites, as well as a number of third-party sites, for which our ultimate liability may exceed the current amount we have accrued.
we are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites and a number of third-party sites. we accrue for estimated costs of investigation and remediation activities at these sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. these estimated costs are based on currently available facts regarding each site. we continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated. due to the uncertainties surrounding environmental investigation and remediation activities, our liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued and may have an adverse effect on our earnings. we discuss these risks and uncertainties in more detail in the "environmental matters" and "environmental-related liabilities" sections in item 7 and in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
the nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation, such as litigation arising from the historical manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paint, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition.
in the course of our business, we are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental (including natural resource damages), intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims that are inherently subject to many uncertainties regarding the possibility of a loss to us. these uncertainties will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur confirming the incurrence of a liability or the reduction of a liability. in accordance with the contingencies topic of the asc, we accrue for these contingencies by a charge to income when it is both probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in the event a loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. in those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of any such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued.
our past operations included the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. along with other companies, we are and have been a defendant in a number of legal proceedings, including individual personal injury actions, purported class actions and actions brought by various counties, cities, school districts and other government-related entities, arising from the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. the plaintiffs' claims have been based upon various legal theories, including negligence, strict liability, breach of warranty, negligent misrepresentations and omissions, fraudulent misrepresentations and omissions, concert of action, civil conspiracy, violations of unfair trade practice and consumer protection laws, enterprise liability, market share liability, public nuisance, unjust enrichment and other theories. the plaintiffs seek various damages and relief, including personal injury and property damage, costs relating to the detection and abatement of lead-based paint from buildings, costs associated with a public education campaign, medical monitoring costs and others. we have also been a defendant in legal proceedings arising from the manufacture and sale of non-lead-based paints that seek recovery based upon various legal theories, including the failure to adequately warn of potential exposure to lead during surface preparation when using non-lead-based paint on surfaces previously painted with lead-based paint. we believe the litigation brought to date is without merit or subject to meritorious defenses and are vigorously defending such litigation. we expect additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation may be filed against us in the future asserting similar or different legal theories and seeking similar or different types of damages and relief. the company will continue to vigorously defend against any additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation that may be filed, including utilizing all avenues of appeal, if necessary.
notwithstanding our views on the merits, litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties, and we ultimately may not prevail. adverse court rulings or determinations of liability, among other factors, could affect the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation against us and encourage an increase in the number and nature of future claims and proceedings. from time to time, various legislation and administrative regulations have been enacted, promulgated or proposed to impose obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead pigments and lead-based paints respecting asserted health concerns associated with such products or to overturn the effect of court decisions in which we and other manufacturers have been successful.
due to the uncertainties involved, management is unable to predict the outcome of the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, the number or nature of possible future claims and proceedings, or the effect any legislation and/or administrative regulations may have on the litigation or against us. further, management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to such litigation, or resulting from any such legislation and regulations. except with respect to the california public nuisance litigation, we have not accrued any amounts for such litigation because we do not believe it is probable that a loss has occurred, and we believe it is not possible to estimate the range of potential losses as there is no substantive information upon which an estimate could be based. any potential liability that may result from any changes to legislation and regulations cannot reasonably be estimated. due to the uncertainties associated with the amount of any such liability and/or the nature of any other remedy which may be imposed in such litigation, any potential liability determined to be attributable to us arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. we discuss the risks and uncertainties related to litigation, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, in more detail in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(dollars in millions, except as noted and per share data)
company background the sherwin-williams company, founded in 1866, and its consolidated wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the company) are engaged in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers primarily in north and south america with additional operations in the caribbean region and throughout europe, asia and australia.
the company is structured into three reportable segments - the americas group, consumer brands group and performance coatings group (collectively, the reportable segments) - and an administrative segment in the same way it is internally organized for assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the company's reportable segments.
outlook beginning in early 2020, extraordinary and wide-ranging actions have been taken by international, federal, state, and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19). these actions have included, and continue to include, quarantines, physical distancing, face coverings, restrictions on public gatherings and other health and safety protocols, stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, mandatory business closures, and other mandates that have substantially restricted individuals' daily activities and curtailed or ceased many businesses' normal operations.
we have worked with government and health authorities to continue to operate our business during this crisis, including our company-operated stores, manufacturing plants and other facilities, due to the essential nature of our products. we have endeavored to follow recommended actions of government authorities and health officials in order to protect the health and well-being of our employees, customers and their families worldwide by implementing online and phone ordering of products, using curb side pickup or delivery, and implementing remote, alternate and flexible work arrangements where possible. we will continue to work with government authorities and health officials in implementing appropriate safety measures, adapting as recommendations and safety protocols evolve so that we may maintain our operations, keep our stores open and continue to return employees who work in office environments.
the covid-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results for 2020. we have a strong liquidity position, with $226.6 million in cash and $3.500 billion of unused capacity under our credit facilities at december 31, 2020. the company is in compliance with bank covenants and expects to remain in compliance. during the first half of the year, we took actions to preserve liquidity and generate cash flow during the crisis. as the circumstances around the covid-19 pandemic remain fluid, we continue to actively monitor the pandemic's impact to the company worldwide, including our financial position, liquidity, results of operations and cash flow, while managing our response to the crisis through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, government authorities, health officials and other business partners.
please see item 1a "risk factors" in part i of this annual report on form 10-k for further information regarding the current and potential impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company.
results of operations the following discussion and analysis addresses comparisons of material changes in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. for comparisons of the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2019 filed on february 21, 2020.
net sales year ended december 31,
2020                                                                      2019                     $ change                   % change net sales:
the americas group                 $10,383.2                     $10,171.9                      $211.3                        2.1    %
consumer brands group                3,053.4                       2,676.8       376.6                                       14.1    %
performance coatings group           4,922.4                       5,049.2                     (126.8)                      (2.5)    %
administrative                           2.7                           2.9                       (0.2)                      (6.9)    %
total                              $18,361.7                     $17,900.8                      $460.9                        2.6    %
consolidated net sales for 2020 increased due primarily to higher sales to most of the consumer brands group's retail customers in the u.s. and europe, and higher sales in residential repaint, diy and new residential in the u.s. and canada paint stores in the americas group, partially offset by the impacts of covid-19 on some end markets primarily served by the performance coatings group. currency translation rate changes decreased 2020 consolidated net sales by 1.1%. net sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries decreased 2.7% to $3.581 billion for 2020 versus $3.679 billion for 2019 due primarily to demand softness in certain industrial end markets globally and changes in the americas group's store footprint outside of the u.s. and canada. net sales of all operations other than consolidated foreign subsidiaries increased 3.9% to $14.781 billion for 2020 versus $14.222 billion for 2019.
net sales in the americas group increased due primarily to higher residential repaint, diy and new residential paint sales in the u.s. and canada, partially offset by the impacts of covid-19 on demand in some end markets served. net sales from stores in u.s. and canada open for more than twelve calendar months increased 2.7% in the year over last year's comparable period. currency translation rate changes reduced net sales by 1.1% compared to 2019. during 2020, the americas group opened 56 new stores and closed 40 redundant locations for a net increase of 16 stores, with a net increase of 38 new stores in the u.s. and canada. the total number of stores in operation at december 31, 2020 was 4,774 in the united states, canada, latin america and the caribbean. the americas group's objective is to expand its store base an average of 2% each year, primarily through internal growth. sales of products other than paint decreased approximately 2.0% over last year. a discussion of changes in volume versus pricing for sales of products other than paint is not pertinent due to the wide assortment of general merchandise sold.
net sales of the consumer brands group increased in 2020 primarily due to higher volume sales to most of the group's north american and european retail customers from strong diy demand. in 2021, the consumer brands group plans to expand its customer base and product assortment at existing customers.
the performance coatings group's net sales in 2020 decreased due primarily to softer end market demand in most businesses, mostly due to the impacts of covid-19, and unfavorable currency translation rate changes, partially offset by increased sales in the packaging and coil divisions in all regions. currency translation rate changes decreased net sales 1.6% compared to 2019. in 2020, the performance coatings group opened 1 new location, increasing the total to 282 branches open in the united states, canada, mexico, south america, europe and asia at december 31, 2020. in 2021, the performance coatings group plans to continue expanding its worldwide presence, including improving its customer base and product offering.
net sales in the administrative segment, which primarily consists of external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space and leasing of facilities no longer used by the company in its primary business, decreased by an insignificant amount in 2020.
income before income taxes the following tables presents the components of income before income taxes as a percentage of net sales:
(millions of dollars, except % of sales data)                                                                                           year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                                                                                       2019
% of net sales                                              % of net sales gross profit                                              $8,682.6                      47.3      %                   $8,036.1                      44.9      %
selling, general, and administrative expenses              5,477.9                      29.8      %                    5,274.9                      29.5      %
other general expense - net                                   27.7                       0.2      %                       39.1                       0.2      %
amortization                                                 313.4                       1.7      %                      312.8                       1.7      %
impairment of trademarks                                       2.3                         -      %                      122.1                       0.7      %
interest expense                                             340.4                       1.9      %                      349.3                       2.0      %
interest and net investment income                           (3.6)                         -      %                     (25.9)                     (0.1)      %
california litigation expense                                    -                         -      %                     (34.7)                     (0.2)      %
other expense - net                                            5.3                         -      %                       16.7                         -      %
income before income taxes                                $2,519.2                      13.7      %                   $1,981.8                      11.1      %
consolidated gross profit increased $646.5 million in 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. consolidated gross profit as a percent to consolidated net sales increased to 47.3% in 2020 from 44.9% in 2019. consolidated gross profit dollars and percent improved as a result of favorable customer and product mix and moderating raw material costs, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation rate changes.
the americas group's gross profit for 2020 increased $388.2 million compared to the same period in 2019. the americas group's gross profit dollars and margin improved as a result of favorable customer and product mix and moderating raw material costs. the consumer brands group's gross profit increased $221.0 million in 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. the consumer brands group's gross profit dollars and margin improved due primarily to higher volume sales, product portfolio improvements and international cost reductions. the performance coatings group's gross profit for 2020 increased $21.1 million compared to the same period in 2019. the performance coatings group's gross profit dollars and margin improved due primarily to moderating raw material costs, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation rate changes.
consolidated sg&a increased by $203.0 million due primarily to increased expenses to support higher sales levels and net new store openings, partially offset by good cost control. sg&a increased as a percent of sales to 29.8% in 2020 from 29.5% in 2019 as a result of higher costs to support our higher sales levels and investments in future growth initiatives.
the americas group's sg&a increased $159.3 million for the year due primarily to increased spending from new store openings, additional sales reps and covid-19 costs, partially offset by currency translation rate changes. the consumer brands group's sg&a increased by $28.3 million for the year primarily to support higher sales levels. the performance coatings group's sg&a increased by $8.7 million for the year primarily due to investments in information technology systems and expenses related to covid-19, partially offset by currency translation rate changes. the administrative segment's sg&a increased $6.7 million primarily due to higher compensation, including incentive and stock-based compensation.
other general expense - net decreased $11.4 million in 2020 compared to 2019. the decrease was primarily attributable to a $25.5 million increase in gains from the sale and disposition of fixed assets, partially offset by a $14.1 million increase in provisions for environmental matters in the administrative segment. see notes 9 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information concerning environmental matters and other general expense - net, respectively.
as required by the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc, management performed an annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of october 1, 2020. during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company recognized non-cash pre-tax impairment charges totaling $2.3 million related to recently acquired trademarks in the performance coatings group as a direct result of recent performance which reduced the long-term forecasted net sales in the asia pacific region. during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company recognized non-cash pre-tax impairment charges totaling $122.1 million related to recently acquired trademarks. these charges included impairments totaling $117.0 million in the performance coatings group and $5.1 million in the consumer brands group. in the performance coatings group, $75.6 million related to trademarks in north america directly associated with strategic decisions made to rebrand industrial products to the sherwin-williams® brand name, $25.7 million related to trademarks in the asia pacific region as a direct result of recent performance which reduced the long-term forecasted net sales and $15.7 million related to other recently acquired trademarks in various regions. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
interest expense decreased $8.9 million in 2020 primarily due to lower average debt levels. interest and net investment income decreased $22.3 million in 2020 to $3.6 million. the decrease is primarily due to the recognition of an $18.8 million gain during the fourth quarter of 2019 after the company received a favorable court decision in brazil related to the recovery of certain indirect taxes previously paid over gross sales. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the brazil indirect tax matter.
during the third quarter of 2019, the company recognized a benefit of $34.7 million related to the california litigation. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to the litigation.
other expense - net decreased by $11.4 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to a decrease in foreign currency transaction related losses primarily in the performance coatings group. in 2020, the administrative segment recognized a $21.3 million loss related to the extinguishment of the 2.75% senior notes due 2022. in 2019, the administrative segment recognized a $32.4 million charge for a domestic pension plan settlement and $14.8 million in losses related to the extinguishment of the 2.25% senior notes due 2020 and 2.75% senior notes due 2022, partially offset by a $38.7 million gain related to the recognition of indirect tax credits. there were no other items within other income or other expense that were individually significant at december 31, 2020 or 2019. see notes 6, 7 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to debt, pensions and other expense - net, respectively.
the following tables presents income before income taxes by segment and as a percentage of net sales by segment:
year ended december 31,
2020                                                                                     2019                     $ change                   % change income before income taxes:
the americas group                                        $2,294.1                   $2,056.5                  $237.6                       11.6    %
consumer brands group                                        579.6                      373.2                   206.4                       55.3    %
performance coatings group                                   500.1                      379.1                   121.0                       31.9    %
administrative                                             (854.6)                    (827.0)                  (27.6)                      (3.3)    %
total                                                     $2,519.2                   $1,981.8                  $537.4                       27.1    %
income before income taxes as a % of net sales:
the americas group                                       22.1    %                  20.2    %
consumer brands group                                    19.0    %                  13.9    %
performance coatings group                               10.2    %                   7.5    %
administrative                                                  nm                         nm total                                                    13.7    %                  11.1    %
nm - not meaningful income tax expense the effective income tax rate for 2020 was 19.4% compared to 22.2% in 2019. the decrease in the effective rate was primarily due to the recognition of a $74.3 million tax credit investment loss in 2019 related to the reversal of certain partnership tax credits, partially offset by a reduction in research and development credits. the tax credit investment loss negatively impacted the 2019 effective tax rate by 370 basis points. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
net income per share diluted net income per share for 2020 increased to $22.08 per share from $16.49 per share for 2019. diluted net income per share in 2020 included charges for acquisition-related amortization expense of $2.50 per share. currency translation rate changes decreased diluted net income per share in the year by $0.07 per share.
diluted net income per share in 2019 included charges for acquisition-related costs of $3.21 per share and other adjustments totaling $1.42 per share. acquisition-related costs include integration costs (which primarily consist of professional service expenses, salaries and other employee-related expenses dedicated directly to the integration effort, and severance expenses all of which are included in selling, general and administrative and other expenses and cost of goods sold) and amortization of intangible assets recognized in the june 2017 acquisition of valspar (included in amortization). total other adjustments in 2019 included charges of $1.00 per share for non-cash trademark impairment charges, a tax credit investment loss of $0.79 per share and pension plan settlement expense of $0.27 per share, partially offset by a brazil indirect tax credit of $0.36 per share and a benefit from the resolution of the california litigation of $0.28 per share.
financial condition, liquidity and cash flow overview the company's financial condition, liquidity and cash flow continued to be strong in 2020 as net operating cash increased to a record $3.409 billion primarily due to improved operating results as consolidated income before income taxes increased to $2.519 billion or 13.7% of net sales. strong net operating cash provided the funds necessary for the company to invest $303.8 million in capital expenditures, reduce total debt by $410.3 million and return $2.934 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share buybacks during the year.
during 2020, the company generated ebitda of $3.441 billion. see the non-gaap financial measures section in item 6 for definition and calculation of ebitda. as of december 31, 2020, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $226.6 million and total debt outstanding of $8.292 billion.  total debt, net of cash and cash equivalents, was $8.066 billion and was 2.4 times the company's ebitda in 2020.
net working capital total current assets less total current liabilities (net working capital) decreased $112.8 million to a deficit of $3.0 million at december 31, 2020 from a surplus of $109.8 million at december 31, 2019. the net working capital decrease is due to both a decrease in current assets and an increase in current liabilities. accounts receivable decreased $10.8 million, inventories decreased $85.5 million, and other current assets decreased $8.8 million primarily related to refundable income taxes. current liabilities excluding short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt increased $681.8 million primarily due to the timing of payments and higher incentive compensation, partially offset by a $609.3 million decrease in short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt.
as a result of the net effect of these changes, the company's current ratio decreased to 1.00 at december 31, 2020 from 1.02 at december 31, 2019. accounts receivable as a percent of net sales decreased to 11.3% in 2020 from 11.7% in 2019. accounts receivable days outstanding decreased to 57 days in 2020 from 61 days in 2019. in 2020, provisions for allowance for doubtful collection of accounts increased $17.0 million, or 46.6%. inventories as a percent of net sales decreased to 9.8% in 2020 from 10.6% in 2019. inventory days outstanding decreased to 74 days in 2020 from 81 days in 2019. the company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs.
property, plant and equipment net property, plant and equipment decreased $0.7 million to $1.835 billion at december 31, 2020 due primarily to depreciation expense of $268.0 million and sale or disposition of assets with remaining net book value of $46.9 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of $303.8 million and currency translation and other adjustments of $10.4 million.
capital expenditures during 2020 in the americas group were primarily attributable to the opening of new paint stores and renovation and improvements in existing stores. in the consumer brands group and the performance coatings group, capital expenditures during 2020 were primarily attributable to improvements and normal equipment replacements in manufacturing and distribution facilities. the administrative segment incurred capital expenditures primarily to acquire the land for the new global headquarters (new headquarters) in downtown cleveland, ohio and a new research and development (r&d) center in the cleveland suburb of brecksville. the company expects to invest a minimum of $600 million of capital expenditures to build both the new headquarters and r&d center. construction on the new headquarters and r&d center is expected to commence in 2021, with completion in 2024 at the earliest. the company has not made any decisions regarding the disposition of the company's current cleveland-area headquarters and r&d centers, which are all owned by the company.
in 2021, the company expects to spend more than 2020 for capital expenditures. the predominant share of the capital expenditures in 2021 is expected to be for various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution and research and development facilities, new store openings, new or upgraded information systems hardware and the new global headquarters and r&d center in ohio. the company does not anticipate the need for any specific long-term external financing to support these capital expenditures.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill, which represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired in purchase business combinations, increased $44.3 million in 2020 due to foreign currency translation rate fluctuations.
intangible assets decreased $263.3 million in 2020 primarily due to amortization of finite-lived intangible assets of $313.4 million, impairment of indefinite-lived trademarks of $2.3 million, partially offset by foreign currency translation rate fluctuations of $51.5 million. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a description of goodwill, identifiable intangible assets and asset impairments recognized in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc and summaries of the remaining carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets.
deferred pension and other assets deferred pension assets of $53.1 million at december 31, 2020 represent the excess of the fair value of assets over the actuarially determined projected benefit obligations. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and the defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans section below.
other assets increased $79.8 million to $641.2 million at december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to incremental securities purchased with the proceeds generated from the sale of treasury shares to fund future contributions to the company's qualified replacement plan. see notes 7 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to the qualified replacement plan and the sale of treasury stock, respectively.
debt total debt including short-term borrowings decreased by $393.1 million to $8.292 billion in 2020. this was primarily attributable to the repayment of short-term borrowings and a net reduction in long-term debt. in march 2020, the company issued $500.0 million of 2.30% senior notes due may 2030 and $500.0 million of 3.30% senior notes due may 2050 in a public offering. the net proceeds from the issuance of these notes were used to repurchase a portion of the 2.75% senior notes due 2022 and redeem the 2.25% senior notes due may 2020. the repurchase of the 2.75% senior notes due 2022 during the first quarter of 2020 resulted in a loss of $21.3 million recorded in other expense - net.
on july 19, 2018, the company entered into a new five-year $2.000 billion credit agreement. this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including the financing of working capital requirements. this credit agreement allows the company to extend the maturity of the facility with two one-year extension options and the borrowers to increase the aggregate amount of the facility to $2.750 billion, both of which are subject to the discretion of each lender. in addition, the borrowers may request letters of credit in an amount of up to $250.0 million. on october 8, 2019, the company amended this credit agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date to october 8, 2024. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no short-term borrowings under this credit agreement.
on may 6, 2016, the company entered into a five-year credit agreement, subsequently amended on multiple dates to extend the maturity of the agreement. this credit agreement gives the company the right to borrow and to obtain the issuance, renewal, extension and increase of a letter of credit up to an aggregate availability of $875.0 million at december 31, 2020. in september 2017, the company entered into an additional five-year letter of credit agreement, subsequently amended on multiple dates to extend the maturity of the agreement, with an aggregate availability of $625.0 million at december 31, 2020. both of these credit agreements are being used for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no borrowings outstanding under these credit agreements.
there were no borrowings outstanding under the company's domestic commercial paper program at december 31, 2020. borrowings outstanding under the company's domestic commercial paper program at december 31, 2019 were $191.9 million with a weighted average interest rate of 2.1%. borrowings outstanding under various foreign programs were $0.1 million and $12.8 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively with a weighted average interest rate of 0.2% and 4.3%, respectively.
at december 31, 2020, the company had unused capacity under its various credit agreements of $3.500 billion.
see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a detailed description and summary of the company's outstanding debt and other available financing programs.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans in 2018, the company terminated its domestic defined benefit pension plan for salaried employees (terminated plan) and the participants were moved to a qualified replacement plan (qualified replacement plan), which is the company's domestic defined contribution plan. the surplus assets of the terminated plan are being used, as prescribed in the applicable regulations, to fund company contributions to the qualified replacement plan. during 2019, the company transferred the remaining surplus of $242.2 million to a suspense account held within a trust for the qualified replacement plan. this amount included $131.8 million of company common stock (300,000 shares). the shares are treated as treasury stock in accordance with asc 715. during 2020, the company sold 275,000 treasury shares from the trust in the company's qualified replacement plan. the proceeds generated from the sale of the treasury shares were used to fund the company's 2020 contribution to the qualified replacement plan and purchase securities held in a suspense account to fund future contributions to the company's qualified replacement plan. the company's domestic defined benefit pension plan for hourly employees continues to operate.
in accordance with the accounting prescribed by the retirement benefits topic of the asc, the company's total liability for unfunded or underfunded defined benefit pension plans increased $17.5 million to $110.3 million primarily due to changes in the actuarial assumptions. the company's liability for other postretirement benefits increased $11.1 million to $291.6 million at december 31, 2020 due primarily to changes in the actuarial assumptions.
the assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for domestic defined benefit pension plans was 2.9% at december 31, 2020 and 3.4% at december 31, 2019. the assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for foreign defined benefit pension plans decreased to 1.6% at december 31, 2020 from 2.2% at december 31, 2019. the decrease in the discount rates for both the domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans was primarily due to lower interest rates. the assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for other postretirement benefit obligations decreased to 2.5% at december 31, 2020 from 3.2% at december 31, 2019 for the same reason.
the rate of compensation increases used to determine the projected benefit obligations at december 31, 2020 was 3.0% for the domestic pension plan and 2.9% for foreign pension plans, which was comparable to the rates used in the prior year. in deciding on the rate of compensation increases, management considered historical company increases as well as expectations for future increases. the expected long-term rate of return on assets remained 5.0% at december 31, 2020 for the domestic pension plan and was slightly lower for most foreign plans. in establishing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for 2020, management considered the historical rates of return, the nature of investments and an expectation for future investment strategies. the assumed health care cost trend rates used to determine the net periodic benefit cost of other postretirement benefits for 2020 were 5.3% and 9.0%, respectively, for medical and prescription drug cost increases, both decreasing gradually to 4.5% in 2027. in developing the assumed health care cost trend rates, management considered industry data, historical company experience and expectations for future health care costs.
for 2021 net pension cost for the ongoing domestic pension plan, the company will use a discount rate of 2.9%, an expected long-term rate of return on assets of 5.0% and a rate of compensation increase of 3.0%. lower discount rates and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets will be used for most foreign plans. for 2021 net periodic benefit costs for other postretirement benefits, the company will use a discount rate of 2.5%. net pension cost in 2021 for the ongoing domestic pension plan is expected to be approximately $1.7 million. net periodic benefit costs for other postretirement benefits in 2021 is expected to be approximately $11.3 million. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the company's obligations and funded status of its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits.
deferred income taxes deferred income taxes at december 31, 2020 decreased $123.8 million from the prior year primarily due to the change in deferred taxes as a result of the amortization of intangible assets in the current year. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on deferred taxes.
other long-term liabilities other long-term liabilities increased $177.0 million during 2020 due primarily to legislatively authorized tax payment deferral mechanisms available primarily for u.s. federal payroll withholding taxes until 2021 and 2022 and the net investment hedges being in a net loss position at december 31, 2020. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the net investment hedges.
environmental-related liabilities the operations of the company, like those of other companies in the same industry, are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations not only govern current operations and products, but also impose potential liability on the company for past operations. management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the company and the industry in the future. management believes that the company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance.
depreciation of capital expenditures and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were included in the normal operating expenses of conducting business. the company's capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were not material to the company's financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations during 2020. management does not expect that such capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses will be material to the company's financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations in 2021. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information on environmental-related long-term liabilities.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the company has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial commitments. the following tables summarize such obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2020.
payments due by period contractual obligations                                         total                       less than                       1-3 years                       3-5 years                       more than
1 year                                                                                         5 years long-term debt                                           $8,359.8                         $25.1                          $661.3                        $1,150.3                        $6,523.1
interest on long-term debt                                4,580.4                         306.5                           576.6                           537.0                         3,160.3
operating leases                                          2,017.7                         441.3                           711.3                           455.9                           409.2
short-term borrowings                                         0.1                           0.1
california litigation accrual                                64.7                          12.0                            24.0                            28.7
real estate financing transactions                          204.4                          14.0                            29.0                            30.5                           130.9
purchase obligations (1)                                    364.3                         364.3
other contractual obligations (2)                           228.2                          99.1                            44.8                            30.4                            53.9
total contractual cash obligations                      $15,819.6                      $1,262.4                        $2,047.0                        $2,232.8                       $10,277.4
(1)relate to open purchase orders for raw materials at december 31, 2020.
(2)relate primarily to estimated future capital contributions to investments in the u.s. affordable housing and historic renovation real estate partnerships and various other contractual obligations.
amount of commitment expiration per period commercial commitments                                  total                     less than               1-3 years                     3-5 years                     more than
1 year                                                                           5 years standby letters of credit                           $51.3                       $51.3
surety bonds                        110.0                       110.0
total commercial commitments                       $161.3                      $161.3                     $-                            $-                            $-
warranties the company offers product warranties for certain products. the specific terms and conditions of such warranties vary depending on the product or customer contract requirements. management estimated the costs of unsettled product warranty claims based on historical results and experience and included an amount in other accruals. management periodically assesses the adequacy of the accrual for product warranty claims and adjusts the accrual as necessary. changes in the company's accrual for product warranty claims during 2020, 2019 and 2018, including customer satisfaction settlements during the year, were as follows:
2020                                                                      2019                    2018
balance at january 1                          $42.3                   $57.1                  $151.4
charges to expense                             38.1                    32.5                    31.7
settlements                                  (37.1)                  (47.3)                  (57.8)
divestiture and other adjustments                                                            (68.2)
balance at december 31                        $43.3                   $42.3                   $57.1
warranty accruals acquired in connection with the valspar acquisition in 2017 include warranties for certain products under extended furniture protection plans. the decrease in the accrual in 2018 was primarily due to the divestiture of the furniture protection plan business during the third quarter of 2018 for an immaterial amount that approximated net book value.
shareholders' equity shareholders' equity decreased $512.5 million to $3.611 billion at december 31, 2020 from $4.123 billion last year. the decrease was primarily attributable to the company repurchasing $2.446 billion in treasury stock and declaring $488.0 million in cash dividends, partially offset by $2.030 billion of net income, an increase of $250.8 million associated with the recognition of stock-based compensation expense and stock option exercises, and an increase of $182.4 million from the issuance of treasury stock during the year. during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company retired 30.6 million common stock shares held in treasury, which resulted in decreases of common stock, retained earnings and treasury stock of $30.6 million, $8.062 billion, and $8.092 billion, respectively. see the statements of consolidated shareholders' equity and statements of consolidated comprehensive income in item 8 for additional information.
the company purchased 3.9 million shares of its common stock for treasury purposes through open market purchases during 2020. the company acquires its common stock for general corporate purposes, and depending on its cash position and market conditions, it may acquire shares in the future. the company had remaining authorization from its board of directors at december 31, 2020 to purchase 4.55 million shares of its common stock. on february 17, 2021, the board of directors authorized the company to purchase an additional 15.0 million shares of the company's stock for treasury purposes.
the company's 2020 annual cash dividend of $5.36 per share represented 32.5% of 2019 diluted net income per share. the 2020 annual dividend represented the 42nd consecutive year of increased dividend payments since the dividend was suspended in 1978. on february 17, 2021, the board of directors increased the quarterly cash dividend to $1.65 per share. this quarterly dividend, if approved in each of the remaining quarters of 2021, would result in an annual dividend for 2021 of $6.60 per share or a 30% payout of 2020 diluted net income per share.
on february 3, 2021, the board of directors approved and declared a three-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend. each shareholder of record at the close of business on march 23, 2021 will receive two additional common shares for each then-held common share, to be distributed after close of trading on march 31, 2021.
net investment hedges in february 2020, the company settled its $400.0 million u.s. dollar to euro cross currency swap contract entered into in may 2019 to hedge the company's net investment in its european operations. at the time of the settlement, an unrealized gain of $11.8 million, net of tax, was recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (aoci), a component of shareholders' equity.
in february 2020, the company also entered into two u.s. dollar to euro cross currency swap contracts to hedge the company's net investment in its european operations. the contracts, which were designated as net investment hedges, have a notional value of $500.0 million and $244.0 million, respectively, and mature on june 1, 2024 and november 15, 2021, respectively. during the term of the $500.0 million contract, the company will pay fixed-rate interest in euros and receive fixed-rate interest in u.s. dollars, thereby effectively converting a portion of the company's u.s. dollar denominated fixed-rate debt to euro denominated fixed-rate debt. during the term of the $244.0 million contract, the company will pay floating-rate interest in euros and receive floating-rate interest in u.s. dollars.
as of december 31, 2020, the outstanding cross currency swap contracts were in a net loss position of $85.8 million with $31.0 million included in other accruals and $54.8 million included in other liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet. as of december 31, 2019, the outstanding cross currency swap contract was in a net gain position of $1.5 million. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
cash flow net operating cash increased $1.087 billion in 2020 to a cash source of $3.409 billion from $2.321 billion in 2019 due primarily to an increase in net income and improved working capital management, partially offset by unfavorable changes in non-cash items when compared to 2019. net operating cash increased as a percent to sales to 18.6% in 2020 compared to 13.0% in 2019. during 2020, strong net operating cash continued to provide the funds necessary to pay down total net debt, invest in new stores and manufacturing and distribution facilities, and return cash to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends paid.
net investing cash usage decreased $140.2 million to a usage of $322.4 million in 2020 from a usage of $462.6 million in 2019 due primarily to a decrease in cash used for acquisitions and an increase in proceeds from sale of assets. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the acquisitions in 2019.
net financing cash usage increased $1.174 billion to a usage of $3.020 billion in 2020 from a usage of $1.846 billion in 2019 due primarily to an increase in treasury stock purchases, repayments of short-term borrowings and cash dividends paid, partially offset by a decrease in long-term debt repayments and issuances, as well as the issuance of 275,000 shares of treasury stock
(which were associated with the domestic defined benefit plan terminated in 2018 as disclosed in notes 7 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8).
litigation see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning litigation.
market risk the company is exposed to market risk associated with interest rate, foreign currency and commodity fluctuations. the company occasionally utilizes derivative instruments as part of its overall financial risk management policy, but does not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. in 2020 and 2019, the company entered into foreign currency forward contracts with maturity dates of less than twelve months primarily to hedge against value changes in foreign currency and cross currency swap contracts to hedge its net investment in european operations. see notes 1, 15 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to the company's use of derivative instruments.
the company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. however, the company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
financial covenant certain borrowings contain a consolidated leverage covenant. the covenant states the company's leverage ratio is not to exceed 3.75 to 1.00. the leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of total indebtedness (the sum of short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt) at the reporting date to consolidated "earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization" (ebitda) for the 12-month period ended on the same date. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section in item 6 for a reconciliation of ebitda to net income. at december 31, 2020, the company was in compliance with the covenant. the company's notes, debentures and revolving credit agreement contain various default and cross-default provisions. in the event of default under any one of these arrangements, acceleration of the maturity of any one or more of these borrowings may result. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
employee stock ownership plan participants in the employee stock purchase and savings plan, the company's employee stock ownership plan (esop), are allowed to contribute up to the lesser of 50% of their annual compensation and the maximum dollar amount allowed under the internal revenue code. the company matches 6% of eligible employee contributions. the company's matching contributions to the esop charged to operations were $120.0 million in 2020 compared to $111.9 million in 2019. at december 31, 2020, there were 7,318,468 shares of the company's common stock being held by the esop, representing 8.2% of the total number of voting shares outstanding. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information concerning the company's esop.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (us gaap) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. these determinations were made based upon management's best estimates, judgments and assumptions that were believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, giving due consideration to materiality. we do not believe there is a great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions related to the accounting policies described below. however, application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.
all of the significant accounting policies that were followed in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. management believes that the following critical accounting policies and estimates have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories were stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost determined principally on the last-in, first-out (lifo) method based on inventory quantities and costs determined during the fourth quarter. inventory quantities were adjusted during the fourth quarter as a result of annual physical inventory counts taken at all locations. if inventories accounted for on the lifo method are reduced on a year-over-year basis, then liquidation of certain quantities carried at costs prevailing in prior years occurs. management recorded the best estimate of net realizable value for obsolete and discontinued inventories based on historical experience and current trends through reductions to inventory cost by recording a provision included in cost of goods sold. if management estimates that the reasonable market value is below cost or determines that future demand was lower than current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value is provided for in the reserve for obsolescence. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for more information regarding the impact of the lifo inventory valuation and the reserve for obsolescence.
goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc, management performs impairment tests of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis, as well as whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate impairment has more likely than not occurred. an optional qualitative assessment allows companies to skip the annual quantitative test if it is not more likely than not that impairment has occurred based on monitoring key company financial performance metrics and macroeconomic conditions. the qualitative assessment is performed when deemed appropriate.
in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc, management tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit is an operating segment per the segment reporting topic of the asc or one level below the operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of component levels of an operating segment having similar economic characteristics. at the time of goodwill impairment testing (if performing a quantitative assessment), management determines fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. if the calculated fair value is less than the current carrying value, then impairment of the reporting unit exists. the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common practice in impairment testing. the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing include discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. discount rates are set by using the weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") methodology. the wacc methodology considers market and industry data as well as company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. the discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates. as an indicator that each reporting unit has been valued appropriately through the use of the discounted cash flow valuation model, the aggregate of all reporting units' fair value is reconciled to the total market capitalization of the company.
the company had seven components, some of which are aggregated due to similar economic characteristics, to form three reporting units (also the operating segments) with goodwill as of october 1, 2020, the date of the annual impairment test. the annual impairment review performed as of october 1, 2020 did not result in any of the reporting units having impairment or deemed at risk for impairment.
in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc, management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset valuations at acquisition. management utilizes the royalty savings method and valuation model to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset or trademark. in this method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from the ownership of the intangible asset. the key assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections, terminal value rates and, to a lesser extent, tax rates. discount rates used are similar to the rates developed by the wacc methodology considering any differences in company-specific risk factors between reporting units and trademarks. royalty rates are established by management and valuation experts and periodically substantiated by valuation experts. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections for each significant trademark. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates. the royalty savings valuation methodology and calculations used in 2020 impairment testing are consistent with prior years. the annual impairment review performed as of october 1, 2020 resulted in the company recognizing non-cash pre-tax impairment charges totaling $2.3 million related to lower than anticipated sales of an acquired indefinite-lived trademark.
the discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation methodologies require management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed. actual results could differ from these assumptions. management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of goodwill and intangible assets and the impairment tests performed in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc.
valuation of long-lived assets in accordance with the property, plant and equipment topic of the asc, if events or changes in circumstances indicated that the carrying value of long-lived assets, including operating lease right-of-use assets, may not be recoverable or the useful life had changed, impairment tests were performed or the useful life was adjusted. undiscounted cash flows were used to calculate the recoverable value of long-lived assets to determine if such assets were not recoverable. if the carrying value of the assets was deemed to not be recoverable, the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets as determined in accordance with the fair value topic of the asc. if the usefulness of an asset was determined to be impaired, then management estimated a new useful life based on the period of time for projected uses of the asset. fair value approaches and changes in useful life required management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuation or determination was performed. actual results could differ from these assumptions. management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value or useful life considering the current economic conditions. all tested long-lived assets or groups of long-lived assets had undiscounted cash flows that were substantially in excess of their carrying value. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of the reductions in carrying value or useful life of long-lived assets in accordance with the property, plant and equipment topic of the asc. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for the property, plant and equipment accounting policy.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans to determine the company's ultimate obligation under its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans , management must estimate the future cost of benefits and attribute that cost to the time period during which each covered employee works. to determine the obligations of such benefit plans, management uses actuaries to calculate such amounts using key assumptions such as discount rates, inflation, long-term investment returns, mortality, employee turnover, rate of compensation increases and medical and prescription drug costs. management reviews all of these assumptions on an ongoing basis to ensure that the most current information available is being considered. an increase or decrease in the assumptions or economic events outside management's control could have a direct impact on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
in accordance with the retirement benefits topic of the asc, the company recognizes each plan's funded status as an asset for overfunded plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded plans. actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs are recognized and recorded in aoci. the amounts recorded in aoci will continue to be modified as actuarial assumptions and service costs change, and all such amounts will be amortized to expense over a period of years through the net pension and net periodic benefit costs.
in 2021, pension costs are expected to decrease slightly and other postretirement benefit plan costs are expected to increase slightly based on the actuarial assumptions being applied. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning the company's defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
environmental matters the company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites (including sites which were previously owned and/or operated by businesses acquired by the company). the company initially provides for estimated costs of environmental-related activities relating to its past operations and third-party sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. these estimated costs, which are mostly undiscounted, are determined based on currently available facts regarding each site. if the reasonably estimable costs can only be identified as a range and no specific amount within that range can be determined more likely than any other amount within the range, the minimum of the range is provided.
the company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. actual costs incurred may vary from the accrued estimates due to the inherent uncertainties involved. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning the accrual for extended environmental-related activities and a discussion concerning unaccrued future loss contingencies.
litigation and other contingent liabilities in the course of its business, the company is subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims. management believes that the company has properly accrued for all known liabilities that existed and those where a loss was deemed probable for which a fair value was available or an amount could be reasonably estimated in accordance with us gaap. however, because litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties and the ultimate result of any present or future litigation is unpredictable, the company's ultimate liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. in the event that the company's loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the liability may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. additionally, due to the uncertainties involved, any potential liability determined to be attributable to the company arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning litigation.
income taxes the company estimated income taxes for each jurisdiction that it operated in. this involved estimating taxable earnings, specific taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and possible exposures related to future tax audits. to the extent these estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income taxes will be made in the period in which the changes occur.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. these assessments of uncertain tax positions contain judgments related to the interpretation of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we transact business. the judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, expiration of statutes of limitations, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations. income tax expense is adjusted in our statements of consolidated income in the period in which these events occur. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning income taxes.
