item 1a.          risk factors many factors may have an effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we are subject to various risks resulting from changing economic, environmental, political, industry, business and financial conditions. the factors, as may be exacerbated by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, described below represent our principal risks.
global and national risks related to our business our industry, as well as the industries of many of our customers and suppliers upon whom we are dependent, is affected by domestic and global economic factors including periods of slower than anticipated economic growth and the risk of a recession.
our financial results are substantially dependent not only upon overall economic conditions in the united states and globally, including north america, europe and in asia, but also as they may affect one or more of the industries upon which we depend for the sale of our products. global or domestic actions or conditions, including political actions, trade policies or restrictions, such as the united states-mexico-canada agreement (usmca), changes in tax laws, terrorism, natural disasters, or pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as covid-19, could result in changing economic conditions in the united states and globally, disruptions to or slowdowns in our business or our global or domestic industry, or those of our customers or suppliers upon whom we are dependent. additionally, periods of slower than anticipated economic growth could reduce customer confidence and adversely affect demand for our products and further adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. metals industries have historically been vulnerable to significant declines in consumption and product pricing during periods of economic downturn or continued uncertainty, including the pace of domestic non-residential construction activity.
our business is also dependent upon certain industries, such as construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including octg) markets, and these industries are also cyclical in nature. therefore, these industries may experience their own fluctuations in demand for our products based on such things as economic conditions, raw material and energy costs, consumer demand and infrastructure funding decisions by governments. many of these factors are beyond our control. as a result of volatility in our industry or in the industries we serve, we may have difficulty increasing or maintaining our level of sales or profitability. a downturn in our industry or the industries we serve may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
a prospective decline in consumer and business confidence and spending, which is often coupled with reductions in the availability of credit or increased cost of credit, as well as volatility in the capital and credit markets, may adversely affect the business and economic environment in which we operate and the profitability of our business. we are also exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and suppliers. if the availability of credit to fund or support the continuation and expansion of our customers' business operations is curtailed or if the cost of that credit is increased, the resulting inability of our customers or of their customers to either access credit or absorb the increased cost of that credit may adversely affect our business by reducing our sales or by increasing our exposure to losses from uncollectible customer accounts. a disruption of the credit markets could also result in financial instability of some of our customers and suppliers. the consequences of such adverse effects could include the interruption of production at the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays or interruptions of the supply of raw materials we purchase, and bankruptcy of customers, suppliers or other creditors. any of these events may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
global steelmaking overcapacity and imports of steel into the united states have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, united states steel prices, which, together with increased scrap prices, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
global steelmaking capacity currently exceeds global consumption of steel products, which adversely affects united states and global steel prices. such excess capacity sometimes results in steel manufacturers in certain countries exporting steel and steel products, including pre-fabricated long product steel, at prices that are lower than prevailing domestic prices, and sometimes at or below their cost of production. excessive imports of steel and steel products, including pre-fabricated steel, into the united states, have exerted, and may continue to exert, downward pressure on united states steel and steel products prices, which adversely affects our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. fluctuations in the value of the dollar can also affect imports, as strong united states dollar makes imported products less expensive, potentially resulting in more imports of steel products into the united states by our foreign competitors. furthermore, anticipated additional domestic steel capacity could increase this global overcapacity. this, in turn, may also increase domestic demand for ferrous scrap. our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows are driven primarily from the metal spread achieved from the price we sell steel and steel products compared to the price of our metallic raw materials, including scrap. during prolonged periods of steel and steel products overcapacity, leading to lower selling prices, combined with high demand for scrap and raw materials, leading to higher buying prices, our metal spreads could be compressed, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
19
united states steel producers compete with many foreign producers, including those in china, vietnam and other asian and european countries. competition from foreign producers is typically strong and is periodically exacerbated by weakening of the economies of certain foreign steelmaking countries, at times due to imports of steel involving dumping and subsidy abuses by foreign steel producers. some foreign steel producers are owned, controlled or subsidized by foreign governments. as a result, decisions by these producers with respect to their production, sales and pricing are sometimes influenced to a greater degree by political and economic policy considerations than by prevailing market conditions, realities of the marketplace or consideration of profit or loss. additionally, low iron ore prices, resulting in disruption of the scrap price correlation to iron ore, leads to reduced global costs to produce steel, further depressing steel import prices. a higher volume of steel imports into the united states tends to occur at depressed prices when foreign steelmaking countries experience periods of economic difficulty, decreased demand for steel products or excess capacity. the global steelmaking overcapacity is exacerbated by chinese steel production capacity that far exceeds that country's demand and has made china a major global exporter of steel, resulting in weakened global steel pricing than otherwise would be expected. while tariffs pursuant to section 232 of the trade expansion act of 1962, as amended (section 232), other measures to curb unfair trade such as duties or quotas, and the renegotiation of trade agreements with other countries, including the usmca, have decreased the volume of steel and steel products imports, domestic steel and steel products prices remain negatively impacted by excessive imports of steel and steel products. should the section 232 tariffs, duties or quotas expire or be relaxed, repealed or circumvented by importers of steel and steel products, or should trade agreements be renegotiated, downward pressure may be exerted on united states steel and steel products prices, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as the covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price.
the covid-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. other pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues may also adversely affect us. the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in various government actions globally, including united states federal and state governmental actions designed to slow the spread of the virus and its impacts. these actions have included quarantines, "shelter in place," "stay at home" and "social distancing" orders, business shutdowns and restrictions, travel restrictions and other mitigation efforts, which, among other things, have impacted and may further impact demand for our products, as well as our supply chain. these measures, along with further voluntary measures by businesses and individuals, have impacted and may further impact our working conditions, productivity and operations, as well as those of our customers and suppliers. these mitigation measures have also adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the united states and global economies, resulting in increased unemployment in the united states and the communities in which we operate. however, due to our variable compensation system that rewards productivity, as well as our low fixed cost structure, we have not and do not expect in the future to significantly reduce our workforce due to the covid-19 pandemic.
we have been identified by the u.s. department of homeland security as a critical infrastructure industry and have been deemed an essential business in all of the states in which we operate. this has permitted us to continue to advance our commitment to our customers and meet their demand by operating our business consistent with federal guidelines and state and local orders, including social distancing guidelines. our teams are our most valued priority, and we have implemented numerous process and procedural initiatives to ensure the health and safety of our people, their families and our communities. we have adjusted schedules to support social distancing, provided additional and more frequent sanitizing applications, provided additional protective measures, among many other actions. these health and safety initiatives have not and are not expected to have a material effect on our operations, but further required limitations and restrictions may adversely affect our results of operations.
additionally, while we have not currently curtailed our operations, a prolonged covid-19 pandemic, resurgence or further spread of the virus could further materially reduce demand for our products and thus, reduce the productivity of our operations and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. certain of our customers and suppliers, such as those in the automotive, energy and related industries, have experienced and in the future may experience temporary shutdowns or significant demand reductions, adversely affecting our operations. further reduced demand for our products or raw material supply availability due to shutdowns or slowdowns in businesses may further adversely affect our volumes and margins, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. in the event equipment or supplier personnel from foreign countries are delayed due to covid-19 related constraints, our ability to complete construction and commissioning of our new southwest-sinton flat roll division could be delayed beyond the expected commencement of operations in mid-year 2021. the covid-19 pandemic has also caused volatility in the financial and capital markets and led to new and expanded governmental programs and initiatives, which affected and may further affect our stock price.
there is considerable uncertainty regarding the economic and industry impacts, including duration, from the covid-19 pandemic and the measures introduced to curtail its spread and its impacts. in the event vaccinations for covid-19 have unanticipated side-effects, are not widely administered or have more limited than expected benefits, the effects of covid-19 on the economy and our business could worsen. although these highly uncertain future impacts cannot be reasonably estimated at this time,
20
general economic conditions, business closures, slow payments from customers, increased bankruptcies, and labor restrictions may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price.
industry risks related to our business our level of production and our sales and earnings are subject to significant fluctuations as a result of the cyclical nature of the steel industry and some of the industries we serve.
the steel manufacturing business is cyclical in nature, and the selling price of the steel we make may fluctuate significantly due to many factors beyond our control. furthermore, a number of our products are commodities, subject to their own cyclical fluctuations in supply and demand in both metal consuming and metal generating industries, including the construction and manufacturing industries. the timing, magnitude and duration of these cycles and the resulting price fluctuations are difficult to predict. the sale of our manufactured steel products is directly affected by demand for our products in other cyclical industries, such as construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including octg) markets. economic difficulties, stagnant or slow global economies, supply/demand imbalances and currency fluctuations in the united states or globally may decrease the demand for our products or increase the amount of imports of steel into the united states, which may decrease our sales, margins and profitability.
volatility and major fluctuations in prices and availability of scrap metal, scrap substitutes, supplies, and our potential inability to pass higher costs on to our customers, may constrain operating levels and reduce profit margins.
steel producers require large amounts of raw materials, including scrap metal and scrap substitute products such as pig iron, pelletized iron and other supplies such as zinc, graphite electrodes and ferroalloys. our principal raw material is scrap metal derived primarily from industrial scrap and end-of-life automobiles, appliances and machinery, and demolition scrap from obsolete structures, containers, and machinery. the prices for scrap are subject to market forces largely beyond our control, including demand by united states and foreign steel producers, freight costs and speculation. the scrap metal recycling industry has historically been, and is expected to remain, highly cyclical and the prices for scrap have varied significantly in the past, may vary significantly in the future and do not necessarily fluctuate in tandem with the price of steel. moreover, some of our integrated steel producer competitors are not as dependent as we are on scrap as a part of their raw material melt mix, which, during periods of high scrap costs relative to the cost of blast furnace iron used by the integrated producers, give them a raw material cost advantage over eaf mills. while our vertical integration into the metals recycling business and our liquid pig-iron operations are expected to enable us to continue being a cost-effective supplier to our own steelmaking operations, for some of our metallics requirements, we still rely on other metallics and raw material suppliers, as well as upon general industry supply conditions for the balance of our needs.
the availability and prices of raw materials, and supplies may also be negatively affected by new, existing, or changing laws and regulations, including those that may impose output limitations or higher costs associated with climate change or ghg allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, global price fluctuations, the availability and cost of transportation, and competing uses. as a major producer of galvanized steel products, we purchase and consume a large amount of zinc, which if purchased at high prices, may adversely affect our profit margins. any inability to secure a consistent, cost-effective and timely supply of our raw materials and supplies may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
additionally, our inability to pass on all or any substantial part of any cost increases or to provide for our customers' needs because of the potential unavailability of raw materials or supplies, may result in production slowdowns or curtailments or may otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the cost and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions.
steel producers like us consume large amounts of energy to melt ferrous scrap in eafs and reheat steel for rolling into finished products. we rely on third parties for the supply of energy resources we consume in our steelmaking activities. the prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions, often affected by weather conditions as well as political, environmental and economic factors beyond our control. as consumers of electricity and natural gas, we must have dependable delivery in order to operate. accordingly, we are at risk in the event of an energy disruption, including power outages or power unavailability. prolonged blackouts or brownouts or disruptions caused by natural disasters or by political or environmental considerations would substantially disrupt our production. since a significant portion of our finished steel products are delivered by truck, unforeseen fluctuations in the price of fuel would also adversely affect our costs or the costs of many of our customers.
21
compliance with and changes in environmental and remediation requirements may result in substantially increased capital requirements and operating costs.
existing laws or regulations, as currently interpreted or as may be interpreted in the future, as well as future laws or regulations, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to numerous local, state, federal and international statutory and regulatory environmental requirements relating to, among other things:
●the generation, storage, treatment, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and secondary materials;
●   the discharge of materials into the air, including periodic changes to the national ambient air quality standards and to emission standards;

●the management, treatment and discharge of wastewater and storm water;
●the use and treatment of groundwater;
●the remediation of soil and groundwater contamination;
●climate change legislation or regulation;
●the need for and the ability to timely obtain air, water or other environmental permits;
●the timely reporting of certain chemical usage, content, storage and releases;
●the remediation and reclamation of land used in our operations;
●natural resource protections; and
●the protection of our employees' health and safety.
compliance with environmental laws and regulations, which affect our steelmaking, metals recycling, liquid pig-iron, and copper and aluminum production operations, is a significant factor in our business. we are required to obtain and comply with environmental permits and licenses, and failure to obtain or renew or the violation of any permit or license may result in substantial fines and penalties, capital expenditures, operational changes, suspension of operations and/or the closure of a subject facility. similarly, delays, increased costs and/or the imposition of onerous conditions to the securing or renewal of permits may adversely affect these operations.
uncertainty regarding adequate pollution control levels, testing and sampling procedures, and new pollution control technology are factors that may increase our future compliance expenditures. we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of future compliance with environmental requirements or their effect on our operations. although we strive to be in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, legal requirements frequently change and are subject to interpretation such that regulatory agencies may bring enforcement actions for alleged noncompliance. private parties might also bring claims against us under citizen suit provisions and/or for property damage or personal injury allegedly resulting from our operations. new laws, regulations and changing interpretations by regulatory authorities, together with uncertainty regarding the application of existing requirements are among the factors that may increase our future expenditures to comply with environmental requirements. the cost of complying with existing laws or regulations as currently interpreted or reinterpreted in the future, or with future laws or regulations, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations produce significant amounts of by-products, some of which are handled as solid or hazardous waste or as hazardous secondary materials. for example, our steel mills generate eaf dust, which the united states environmental protection agency (united states epa) and other regulatory authorities classify as hazardous waste and regulate accordingly unless recycled in an exempt manner.
in addition, the primary feed materials for the shredders operated by our metals recycling operations are automobile bodies. a portion of the feed materials consist of unrecyclable material known as shredder residue. if laws or regulations or the interpretation of the laws or regulations change with regard to eaf dust or shredder residue or other by-products created by our operations, we may incur significant additional expenditures.
federal and state environmental laws enable the united states epa, state agencies and certain private parties to recover from owners, operators, generators and transporters the cost of investigation and cleanup of sites at which wastes or hazardous substances were disposed. in connection with these laws, we may be required to clean up contamination discovered at our sites including
22
contamination that may have been caused by former owners or operators of the sites, to conduct additional cleanup at sites that have already had some cleanup performed, and/or to perform cleanup with regard to sites formerly used in connection with our operations.
in addition, we may be required to pay for, or to pay a portion of, the costs of cleanup at sites to which we sent materials for disposal or recycling, notwithstanding that the original disposal or recycling activity may have complied with all regulatory requirements then in effect. under certain laws, a party can be held jointly and severally liable for all of the cleanup costs associated with a disposal site. in practice, a liable party often splits the costs of cleanup with other potentially responsible parties. we have received notices from the united states epa, state agencies and third parties that we have been identified as potentially responsible for the costs of investigating and cleaning up a number of disposal sites. in most cases, many other parties are also named as potentially responsible parties and also contribute to payment of those costs.
because cleanup liability can in some cases be imposed retroactively on activities that occurred many years ago, and because the united states epa and state agencies are still discovering sites that pose a threat to public health or the environment, we can provide no assurance that we will not become liable for significant costs associated with investigation and remediation of cleanup sites.
increased regulation associated with the environment, climate change, ghg emissions and sustainability could impose significant costs on both our steelmaking and metals recycling operations.
the united states government, various other governmental agencies, regulators, investors or other groups may introduce, request or require environmental monitoring, disclosures or regulations in response to the potential impacts of climate change. international treaties or agreements may also result in increasing regulation of ghg emissions, including the introduction of carbon emissions limitations or trading mechanisms. any such regulation or disclosure requirement could impose significant costs on our operations and on the operations of our customers and suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, emissions controls, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs in order to comply with current or future laws, regulations or demands concerning the environment, climate change, ghg emissions and sustainability. any adopted future regulations could negatively impact our ability, and that of our customers and suppliers, to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to or not complying with such limitations. we may see an increase in costs relating to our assets that emit ghgs as a result of these initiatives, which may impact our operations directly or through our customers and suppliers. until the timing, scope and extent of any future regulation becomes known, we cannot predict the effect on our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete.
operational and commercial risks related to our business we may face significant price and other forms of competition from other steel producers, scrap processors and alternative materials, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the global markets in which steel companies and scrap processors conduct business are highly competitive and became even more so due to consolidations in the steel and scrap industries. additionally, in many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as aluminum, cement, composites, plastics, carbon fiber, glass and wood. increased use of alternative materials for any reason, including as a response to regulations, could decrease demand for steel or force other steel producers into new products or markets that compete more directly with us, and combined with increased competition could cause us to lose market share, increase expenditures or reduce pricing, any one of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
availability of an adequate source of supply is required for our metals recycling operations.
we procure our scrap inventory from numerous sources. these suppliers generally are not bound by long-term contracts and generally have no obligation to sell recyclable metal to us. in periods of low industry scrap prices, scrap suppliers may elect to hold recyclable metal to wait for higher prices or intentionally slow their metal collection activities. if a substantial number of scrap suppliers cease selling recyclable metal to us, we may be unable to recycle metal at desired levels which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, a slowdown of industrial production in the united states reduces the supply of industrial grades of metal to the metal recycling industry, resulting in our having less recyclable metal available to process and sell.
we are subject to cybersecurity threats and may face risks to the security of our sensitive data and information technology, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
increased global cybersecurity and information technology security requirements, vulnerabilities and threats and a rise in sophisticated and targeted cybercrime pose a risk to the security and functionality of our systems and information networks, and to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary information, financial information, customer and supplier information, and personally identifiable information. additionally, such cybersecurity
23
vulnerabilities or attacks could result in an interruption of the functionality of our automated and electronically controlled manufacturing operating systems, which, if compromised, could cease, threaten, delay or slow down our ability to melt, roll or otherwise process steel or any of our other products for the duration of such interruption. our customers and suppliers may also store certain of our sensitive information on their information technology systems, which if breached or attacked, could likewise expose our sensitive information. any of these cybersecurity and information technology breaches or disruptions may result in reputational harm and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although we believe we have adopted procedures and controls to adequately protect our sensitive data, networks and information and operating technology and systems, there can be no assurance that a system or network failure, or cybersecurity breach or attack, will be prevented, whether due to attacks by cyber criminals or due to employee, contractor or other error or malfeasance. this could lead to system interruption, production delays or downtimes and operational disruptions, and the disclosure, modification or destruction of sensitive data, which may adversely affect our reputation, customer and supplier relationships, financial results and results of operations, and could result in litigation or regulatory investigations, actions, fines or penalties, as well as increased cybersecurity monitoring and protection costs, including the cost of insurance. additionally, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve and become more sophisticated, we may need to invest additional time, resources and finances to protect the security of our sensitive data, systems and information networks. we maintain an information security risk insurance policy to mitigate the impact of cybersecurity threats and we did not incur any net expenses from information security breach penalties and settlements during 2020, 2019, or 2018.
we may face risks associated with the implementation of our growth strategy.
our growth strategy subjects us to various risks. as part of our growth strategy, we may expand existing facilities, enter into new product or process initiatives, acquire or build additional plants, acquire other businesses and assets, enter into joint ventures, or form strategic alliances that we believe will complement our existing business. these expansions and transactions may involve some or all of the following risks:
●the risk of entering product or domestic or foreign geographic markets in which we have little experience;
●the risk of a newly constructed steel mill being completed over budget or not on time;
●the risk of not being able to adequately obtain sufficient labor to efficiently build or staff a new steel mill;
●   the risk of expected markets, products, customers and demand for products produced by a new steel mill being lower than expected;

●   the difficulty of competing for acquisitions and other growth opportunities with companies having materially greater financial resources than us;

●the inability to realize anticipated synergies or other expected benefits;
●the difficulty of integrating new or acquired operations and personnel into our existing operations;
●the potential disruption of ongoing operations;
●the diversion of financial resources or management attention to new operations or acquired businesses;
●the loss of key employees, customers or suppliers of acquired businesses;
●the potential exposure to unknown liabilities;
●the inability of management to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;
●the difficulty of managing the growth of a larger company;
●   the risk of becoming involved in labor, commercial, or regulatory disputes or litigation related to the new operations or acquired businesses;

●the risk of becoming more highly leveraged;
●the risk of contractual or operational liability to other venture participants or to third parties as a result of our participation;
●the inability to work efficiently with joint venture or strategic alliance partners; and
●the difficulties of terminating joint ventures or strategic alliances.
our new southwest-sinton flat roll division is under construction in sinton, texas, and is planned to commence operations in mid-year 2021, with a total expected capital investment of approximately $1.9 billion. the project is subject to the above risks, as well
24
as unfavorable weather conditions, natural disasters, delayed equipment deliveries and installations, or other conditions outside our control which could increase the capital investment or delay the commencement of operations of our new eaf steel mill. as we begin operations, we could face additional risks related to human capital attraction, development and retention, as well as start-up inefficiencies. additionally, customer, product, or geographic markets we expect to serve may not be as profitable as currently expected, which may adversely affect our prospects, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
these expansions or transactions might be required for us to remain competitive, but we may not be able to complete any such expansions or transactions on favorable terms or obtain financing, if necessary. future expansions and transactions may not improve our competitive position and business prospects as anticipated, and if they do not, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
we are subject to litigation and legal compliance risks which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
we are involved from time to time in various routine litigation matters, including administrative proceedings, regulatory proceedings, governmental investigations, environmental matters, and commercial and construction contract disputes, none of which at the present time are expected to have a material impact on our financial conditions, results of operations or liquidity. for additional information regarding legal proceedings please refer to item 3. legal proceedings.
in addition to risks associated with our environmental and other regulatory compliance, our international operations are subject to complex foreign and united states laws and regulations, including the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-bribery laws, regulations related to import-export controls, the office of foreign assets control, and other laws and regulations, each of which may increase our cost of doing business and expose us to increased risk.
unexpected equipment downtime or shutdowns may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
interruptions in our production capabilities may adversely affect our production costs, products available for sale and earnings during the affected period. in addition to equipment failures, our facilities are also subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, explosions or violent weather conditions. our manufacturing processes are dependent upon critical pieces of steelmaking equipment, such as our eafs, continuous casters and rolling equipment, some of which are controlled by our information technology systems, as well as electrical equipment, such as transformers. this equipment may, on occasion, be out of service as a result of unanticipated failures or other events, including cybersecurity breaches or attacks or system failures. we have experienced plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production as a result of such equipment failures and may in the future experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production as a result of such equipment failures, or other events. these disruptions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew some of our licenses and permits.
we must receive licenses and air, water and other permits and approvals from state and local governments to conduct certain of our operations or to build, expand or acquire new facilities, such as our new eaf flat roll steel mill in sinton, texas, currently under construction in sinton, texas. governmental agencies, non-governmental organizations, and members of the public sometimes resist the establishment of certain types of facilities in their communities. there can be no assurance that future approvals, licenses and permits will be granted or that we will be able to maintain and renew the approvals, licenses and permits we currently hold. failure to do so may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our senior unsecured credit facility contains, and any future financing agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may limit our flexibility.
restrictions and covenants in our existing debt agreements, including our senior unsecured credit facility, and any future financing agreements, may impair our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. a breach of any of the restrictions or covenants could cause a default under our senior unsecured credit facility, our senior notes, or our other debt. a significant portion of our indebtedness may then become immediately due and payable.
under our senior unsecured credit facility, we are required to maintain certain financial covenants tied to our leverage and profitability. our ability to meet such covenants or other restrictions can be affected by events beyond our control. if a default were to occur, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts then outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit.
25
impairment charges may adversely affect our results of operations.
occasionally, assumptions that we have made regarding products or businesses we have acquired or sought to develop, about the sustainability of markets we sought to exploit, or about industry conditions that underlie our decision making when we elected to capitalize a venture turn out differently than anticipated. in such instances, the fair value of such assets may fall below their carrying value recorded on our balance sheet.
accordingly, we periodically test goodwill, long-lived tangible and intangible assets and right of use assets to determine whether their estimated fair value is in fact less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. if we determine that the fair value of any of these assets, from whatever cause, is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, we are required to incur non-cash asset impairment charges that adversely affect our results of operations. there can be no assurances that continued market dynamics or other factors may not result in future impairment charges.
item 7.          management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report contains some predictive statements about future events, including statements related to conditions in domestic or global economies, conditions in steel and recycled metals market places, steel dynamics' revenues, costs of purchased materials, future profitability and earnings, and the operation of new, existing or planned facilities. these statements, which we generally precede or accompany by such typical conditional words as "anticipate", "intend", "believe", "estimate", "plan", "seek", "project", or "expect", or by the words "may", "will", or "should", are intended to be made as "forward-looking", subject to many risks and uncertainties, within the safe harbor protections of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements speak only as of this date and are based upon information and assumptions, which we consider reasonable as of this date, concerning our businesses and the environments in which they operate. such predictive statements are not guarantees of future performance, and we undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements. some factors that could cause such forward-looking statements to turn out differently than anticipated include: (1) domestic and global economic factors; (2) global steelmaking overcapacity and steel imports, together with increased scrap prices; (3) pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as the covid-19 pandemic; (4) the cyclical nature of the steel industry and the industries we serve; (5) volatility and major fluctuations in prices and availability of scrap metal, scrap substitutes, and our potential inability to pass higher costs on to our customers; (6) cost and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil, or other resources are subject to volatile market conditions; (7) compliance with and changes in environmental and remediation requirements; (8) increased regulation associated with the environment, climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability; (9) significant price and other forms of competition from other steel producers, scrap processors and alternative materials; (10) availability of an adequate source of supply for our metals recycling operations; (11) cybersecurity threats and risks to the security of our sensitive data and information technology; (12) the implementation of our growth strategy; (13) litigation and legal compliance, (14) unexpected equipment downtime or shutdowns; (15) governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew some of our licenses and permits; (16) our senior unsecured credit facility contains, and any future financing agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may limit our flexibility; and (17) the impacts of impairment.
more specifically, we refer you to our more detailed explanation of these and other factors and risks that may cause such predictive statements to turn out differently, as set forth in the sections titled special note regarding forward-looking statements at the beginning of part i of this report and item 1a. risk factors, as well as in other subsequent reports we file with the securities and exchange commission. these reports are available publicly on the securities and exchange commission website, www.sec.gov, and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com under "investors - sec filings."
operating statement classifications net sales. net sales from our operations are a factor of volumes shipped, product mix and related pricing. we charge premium prices for certain grades of steel, product dimensions, certain smaller volumes, and for value-added processing or coating of our steel products. except for the steel fabrication operations, we recognize revenues from sales and the allowance for estimated returns and claims from these sales at the point in time control of the product transfers to the customer, upon shipment or delivery. our steel fabrication operations recognize revenues over time based on completed fabricated tons to date as a percentage of total tons required for each contract.
costs of goods sold. our costs of goods sold represent all direct and indirect costs associated with the manufacture of our products. the principal elements of these costs are scrap and scrap substitutes (which represent the most significant single component of our consolidated costs of goods sold), steel substrate, direct and indirect labor and related benefits, alloys, zinc, transportation and freight, repairs and maintenance, utilities such as electricity and natural gas, and depreciation.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses consist of all costs associated with our sales, finance and accounting, and administrative departments. these costs include, among other items, labor and related benefits, professional services, insurance premiums, and property taxes. company-wide profit sharing and amortization of intangible assets are each separately presented in the statement of income.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest. interest expense consists of interest associated with our senior credit facilities and other debt net of interest costs that are required to be capitalized during the construction period of certain capital investment projects.
other (income) expense, net. other income consists of interest income earned on our temporary cash deposits and short-term investments; any other non-operating income activity, including income from non-consolidated investments accounted for under the equity method. other expense consists of any non-operating costs, such as certain acquisition and financing expenses.
33
2020 overview impact of covid-19 on our business in march 2020, the world health organization categorized covid-19 as a pandemic, and since that time, efforts to slow the contagion have impacted domestic and global economies. countries, including the united states, issued "shelter in place" orders, temporarily closing non-essential businesses and restricting social interactions in an effort to slow the spread of covid-19. states began to reopen during the second quarter 2020, and domestic manufacturing started to improve.
steelmaking and its ancillary support businesses are considered a "critical infrastructure industry" by the u.s. department of homeland security and we have been deemed an essential busines in all of the states in which we operate. as a result, all of our locations continued to operate during all of 2020 and continue to operate.
our teams are our most valued priority, and we have implemented numerous additional process and procedural initiatives to ensure the health and safety of our people, their families, and our communities. we adjusted schedules to support social distancing, provided additional and more frequent sanitizing applications, provided additional protective measures, among many other actions.
results overview while our consolidated results for 2020 represented our fourth best year based on net income, we were negatively impacted in the second quarter by the continuing effects of covid-19 due to the related temporary closures of numerous domestic steel consuming businesses. this largely reversed during the third quarter, as most manufacturing activity resumed throughout the remainder of the year. domestic steel demand rebounded meaningfully during the third and fourth quarters of 2020, driving higher steel shipments, as well as significantly higher scrap flows and profitability for our steel and metals recycling operations. the non-residential construction market remained strong, with construction activity largely intact, resulting in record 2020 shipments and operating income for our steel fabrication operations.
consolidated operating income for 2020 decreased $139.7 million, or 14%, to $847.1 million, compared to $986.9 million in 2019. net income attributable to steel dynamics, inc. for 2020 decreased $120.3 million, or 18%, to $550.8 million, compared to 2019. diluted earnings per share attributable to steel dynamics, inc. was $2.59 for 2020, compared to $3.04 for 2019.
refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, for additional information regarding results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, and segment operating results for 2019 as compared to 2018.
34
segment operating results (dollars in thousands)

years ended december 31,
2020                        % change         2019
net sales steel operations               $7,455,637                  (9)%             $8,234,179
metals recycling operations              2,403,140         (4)%                       2,494,014
steel fabrication operations               906,364         (6)%                         963,259
other                                      501,187         25%                          400,747
11,266,328                                   12,092,199
intra-company                          (1,664,846)                                  (1,627,208)
$9,601,482                  (8)%             $10,464,991
operating income (loss)
steel operations               $889,480                    (14)%            $1,030,554
metals recycling operations                 32,991         102%                          16,308
steel fabrication operations               120,575         1%                           119,099
other                                    (188,525)         (1)%                       (186,159)
854,521                                      979,802
intra-company                              (7,379)                                        7,078
$847,142                    (14)%            $986,880
steel operations segment steel operations consist of our six eaf steel mills, producing steel from ferrous scrap and scrap substitutes, utilizing continuous casting, automated rolling mills with numerous value-added downstream steel coating and processing operations. our steel operations sell directly to end-users, steel fabricators, and service centers. these products are used in numerous industry sectors, including the construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including octg) markets (see item 1. business). steel operations accounted for 74% and 76% of our consolidated net sales during 2020 and 2019, respectively.
steel operations shipments (tons):

years ended december 31,
2020          % change                2019
total shipments                       10,718,333          (1)%              10,816,641
intra-segment shipments              (1,001,396)                             (975,372)
steel operations segment shipments     9,716,937          (1)%               9,841,269
external shipments                     9,257,334          (2)%               9,402,608
35
segment results 2020 vs. 2019
covid-19 negatively impacted our steel operations during 2020, most notably in the second quarter. domestic steel demand and raw material supply were robust early in the year, but demand from many steel consuming industries and scrap generation significantly reduced during the second quarter 2020, as the automotive sector and its supply chain temporarily closed. as a result, a significant amount of higher-cost domestic steel production was idled. as travel restrictions and stay at home orders were lifted, and the broader manufacturing base restarted mid-year, steel demand quickly recovered, resulting in steel operations segment shipments decreasing only 1% in 2020, as compared to 2019, reflecting the overall strong steel demand environment. as demand improved in the second half of 2020, some domestic steel production remained idled. when coupled with extremely low steel inventory levels throughout the supply chain, flat roll steel index prices increased over $500 per ton from august through the end of the year. however, overall steel segment operations average selling prices decreased 8%, or $69 per ton, in 2020 compared to 2019. net sales for the steel operations segment decreased 9% in 2020 when compared to 2019, due to the 8% decrease in average steel selling prices and minimal decline in shipments.
metallic raw materials used in our eafs represent our single most significant steel manufacturing cost, generally comprising approximately 50 to 60% of our steel mill operations' manufacturing costs. our metallic raw material cost per net ton consumed in our steel mills decreased $25, or 9%, in 2020 compared to 2019.
as a result of average selling prices decreasing more than scrap costs, metal spread (which we define as the difference between average steel selling prices and the cost of ferrous scrap consumed in our steel mills) decreased 8% in 2020 compared to 2019. due to this metal spread contraction, coupled with the slight decrease in shipments, operating income for the steel operations decreased 14%, to $889.5 million, in 2020 compared to 2019.
36
metals recycling operations segment

metals recycling operations includes both ferrous and nonferrous scrap metal processing, transportation, marketing, brokerage, and scrap management services. in august 2020, we completed the acquisition of zimmer, whose post-acquisition operations are included in 2020 results. our steel mills utilize a large portion (approximately 69% in 2020 and 66% in 2019) of the ferrous scrap sold by our metals recycling operations as raw material in our steelmaking operations, and the remainder is sold to other consumers, such as other steel manufacturers and foundries. metals recycling operations accounted for 11% of our consolidated net sales during 2020 and 2019.
metals recycling operations shipments:

years ended december 31,
2020          % change                 2019
ferrous metal (gross tons)
total                                           4,591,881          (1)%                4,627,214
inter-company                                 (3,184,451)          4%                (3,061,257)
external shipments                              1,407,430          (10)%               1,565,957
nonferrous metals (thousands of pounds)
total                                             977,882          (8)%                1,068,208
inter-company                                   (146,753)                              (144,229)
external shipments                                831,129          (10)%                 923,979
segment results 2020 vs. 2019
as stated previously, our metals recycling operations benefitted from a rebound in manufacturing in steel consuming industries during the second half of 2020. scrap flows increased as temporary closures of domestic automotive and other steel consuming manufacturers and their related supply chain were lifted. in addition, domestic steel mill utilization rates rose from the trough experienced in the second quarter 2020, resulting in increased ferrous scrap demand and significantly higher selling prices. however, net sales for our metals recycling operations decreased 4% in 2020 as compared to 2019, as total annual shipments decreased, most notably in the second quarter. ferrous scrap average selling prices increased 10% during 2020 compared to 2019, while nonferrous pricing was flat year over year. ferrous metal spread (which we define as the difference between average selling prices and the cost of purchased scrap) increased 27%, while nonferrous metal spread decreased 4% in 2020 compared to 2019. metals recycling operations operating income in 2020 of $33.0 million increased 102% from 2019 operating income of $16.3 million, due to ferrous metal spread expansion and positive operating results from our zimmer acquisition, which more than offset decreases in ferrous and nonferrous shipments.
steel fabrication operations segment

steel fabrication operations include seven new millennium building systems joist and deck plants located throughout the united states and in northern mexico. revenues from these plants are generated from the fabrication of steel joists, trusses, girders and steel deck used within the non-residential construction industry. steel fabrication operations accounted for 9% of our consolidated net sales during 2020 and 2019.
37
segment results 2020 vs. 2019
net sales for the steel fabrication operations decreased $56.9 million, or 6%, during 2020 compared to 2019, as shipments increased 3% to a record 666,000 tons, while average selling prices decreased $133 per ton, or 9%. as our steel fabrication operations continue to leverage our national operating footprint, market demand, orders and backlog continued to be strong in 2020, indicating resilience of the non-residential construction market during covid-19.
the purchase of various steel products is the largest single cost of production for our steel fabrication operations, generally representing approximately two-thirds of the total cost of manufacturing. the average cost of steel consumed decreased by 14% in 2020, as compared to 2019, consistent with decreased steel selling prices in our steel operations. average selling prices decreased 9%, with resulting metal spread (which we define as the difference between average selling prices and the cost of purchased steel) decreasing 2%, as the decrease in selling prices per ton outpaced the decrease in the cost of purchased steel. operating income increased $1.5 million to a record $120.6 million in 2020 compared to 2019, as increased shipments more than offset decreased metal spread.
other operations

consolidated results 2020 vs. 2019
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9%, or $41.0 million, to $477.5 million during 2020 compared to 2019, representing 5.0% and 4.2% of net sales, respectively. this increase relates primarily to non-capitalized expenses incurred during construction of our new southwest-sinton flat roll division. profit sharing expense was $61.7 million in 2020, a decrease of $16.3 million from the $78.0 million earned during 2019. the company-wide profit sharing plan represents 8% of pretax earnings; therefore, our lower 2020 earnings resulted in lower profit sharing.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest. during 2020, interest expense of $94.9 million decreased $32.2 million from the $127.1 million incurred during 2019 due to decreased interest rates from our december 2019, june 2020, and october 2020 refinancing of $1.95 billion of high yield senior notes with lower interest senior notes, and increased capitalized interest in 2020 in conjunction with construction of our new southwest-sinton flat roll division.
38
other (income) expense, net. net other expense of $46.8 million in 2020 included $33.1 million of costs of premiums, write off of unamortized debt issuance costs, and other expenses related to the call and redemption of our 5 1/4% senior notes due 2023, 5.500% senior notes due 2024, and 4.125% senior notes due 2025. net other income of $15.6 million in 2019 included interest income of $28.0 million associated with our invested cash and short-term investments, compared to only $9.0 million in 2020, due to lower interest rates on decreasing invested cash and short-term investment balances in 2020.
income tax expense. during 2020, income tax expense of $134.7 million, representing an effective income tax rate of 19.1%, was down 32% from $197.4 million, representing an effective income tax rate of 22.6%, during 2019, consistent with decreased income before income taxes. the decrease in effective tax rate in 2020 relates primarily to the release of deferred tax asset valuation allowance and increased federal tax credits. refer to note 4. income taxes to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information.
included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at december 31, 2020, are potential benefits of $9.0 million that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. we recognize interest and penalties related to our tax contingencies on a net-of-tax basis in income tax expense. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized benefits from the decrease of interest expense and penalties of $450,000, net of tax. in addition to the unrecognized tax benefits noted above, we had $828,000 accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at december 31, 2020.
we file income tax returns in the united states federal jurisdiction as well as income tax returns in various state jurisdictions. the tax years 2017 through 2019 remain open to examination by the internal revenue service and various state and local jurisdictions. at this time, we do not believe there will be any significant examination adjustments that would result in a material change to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could change in the next twelve months in an amount ranging from zero to $3.3 million, as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations and other federal and state income tax audits.
liquidity and capital resources capital resources and long-term debt. our business is capital intensive and requires substantial expenditures for, among other things, the purchase and maintenance of equipment used in our steel, metals recycling, and steel fabrication operations, and to remain in compliance with environmental laws. our short-term and long-term liquidity needs arise primarily from working capital requirements, capital expenditures, currently including those related to our new southwest-sinton flat roll division, principal and interest payments related to our outstanding indebtedness (no significant principal payments until 2024), dividends to our shareholders, potential stock repurchases, and acquisitions. we have met these liquidity requirements primarily with cash provided by operations and long-term borrowings, and we also have availability under our unsecured revolver. our liquidity at december 31, 2020, is as follows (in thousands):

cash and equivalents                  $1,368,618
unsecured revolver availability               1,188,096
total liquidity                       $2,556,714
our total outstanding debt increased $368.3 million during 2020, due to our october 2020 issuance of the 2027 notes and 2050 notes as described below. our total long-term debt to capitalization ratio (representing our long-term debt, including current maturities, divided by the sum of our long-term debt, redeemable noncontrolling interests, and our total stockholders' equity) was 41.6% and 40.2% at december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019, respectively.
our unsecured credit agreement has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (facility), which provides a $1.2 billion unsecured revolver, and matures in december 2024. subject to certain conditions, we have the opportunity to increase the facility size by $500.0 million. the unsecured revolver is available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. the facility contains financial covenants and other covenants pertaining to our ability to incur indebtedness and permit liens on property. our ability to borrow funds within the terms of the unsecured revolver is dependent upon our continued compliance with the financial and other covenants. at december 31, 2020, we had $1.2 billion of availability on the revolver, $11.9 million of outstanding letters of credit and other obligations which reduce availability, and there were no borrowings outstanding.
the financial covenants under our facility state that we must maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50:1.00. our interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing our last-twelve-months (ltm) consolidated adjusted ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and certain other non-cash transactions as allowed in the facility) by our ltm gross interest expense, less amortization of financing fees. in addition, a debt to capitalization ratio of not more than 0.60:1.00 must be maintained. at december 31, 2020, our interest coverage ratio and debt to capitalization ratio were 10.71:1.00 and 0.42:1.00,
39
respectively. we were, therefore, in compliance with these covenants at december 31, 2020, and we anticipate we will continue to be in compliance during the next twelve months.
in october 2020, we issued $350.0 million of 1.650% notes due 2027 and $400.0 million of 3.250% notes due 2050. the net proceeds from these notes were used to fund the november 2020 call and redemption of the $350.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 4.125% senior notes due 2025 at a redemption price of 102.063%, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of redemption, and for general corporate purposes. we recorded expenses related to premiums and write off of unamortized debt issuance costs of approximately $10.3 million, which are reflected in other expenses in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2020.
in june 2020, we issued $400.0 million of 2.400% notes due 2025 and $500.0 million of 3.250% notes due 2031. the net proceeds from these notes were used to fund the june 2020 call and redemption of the $400.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 5 1/4% senior notes due 2023 at a redemption price of 100.875%, and the $500.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 5.500% senior notes due 2024 at a redemption price of 102.750%, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of redemption. we recorded expenses related to premiums, write off of unamortized debt issuance costs, and other expenses of approximately $22.8 million, which are reflected in other expenses in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2020.
working capital. we generated cash flow from operations of $987.0 million in 2020. operational working capital (representing amounts invested in trade receivables and inventories, less current liabilities other than income taxes payable and debt) increased $50.6 million (3%) to $1.7 billion at december 31, 2020, consistent with increased sales during the fourth quarter of 2020, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2019.
capital investments. during 2020, we invested $1.2 billion in property, plant and equipment, primarily within our steel operations segment, compared with $451.9 million invested during 2019. the increase in 2020 versus 2019 primarily relates to our new southwest-sinton flat roll division, which represented $927.7 million in 2020. we enter 2021 with sufficient liquidity of $2.6 billion to provide for our planned 2021 capital requirements, including those necessary to finish construction of our new steel mill in sinton, texas.
cash dividends. as a reflection of continued confidence in our current and future cash flow generation ability and financial position, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 4% to $0.25 per share in the first quarter 2020 (from $0.24 per share in 2019), resulting in declared cash dividends of $210.5 million during 2020, compared to $209.5 million during 2019. we paid cash dividends of $209.2 million and $200.3 million during 2020 and 2019, respectively. our board of directors, along with executive management, approves the payment of dividends on a quarterly basis. the determination to pay cash dividends in the future is at the discretion of our board of directors, after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, outstanding indebtedness, current and anticipated cash needs and growth plans.
other. in february 2020 our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $500 million of our common stock, subsequent to the completion of a 2018 board authorized share repurchase program of up to $750 million of our common stock during the first quarter of 2020. under the share repurchase programs, purchases take place as and when we determine in open market or private transactions made based upon the market price of our common stock, the nature of other investment opportunities or growth projects, our cash flows from operations, and general economic conditions. the 2020 share repurchase program does not require us to acquire any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated by us at any time. the 2020 share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. we repurchased 4.4 million shares of our common stock for $106.5 million during 2020, all within the first quarter, fully expending the remaining purchases available under the 2018 program, leaving $444.0 million remaining available to purchase under the 2020 program. see part ii, item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities for additional information.
our ability to meet our debt service obligations and reduce our total debt will depend upon our future performance which, in turn, will depend upon general economic, financial, business and ongoing covid-19 conditions, along with competition, legislation and regulatory factors that are largely beyond our control. in addition, we cannot assure that our operating results, cash flows, access to credit markets and capital resources will be sufficient for repayment of our indebtedness in the future. we believe that based upon current levels of operations and anticipated growth, cash flows from operations, together with other available sources of funds, including borrowings under our revolver, if necessary, will be adequate for the next twelve months for making required payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, funding working capital requirements, and anticipated capital expenditures noted above.
40
contractual obligations and other long-term liabilities we have the following minimum commitments under contractual obligations, including purchase obligations, as defined by the securities and exchange commission. a "purchase obligation" is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding and that specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. other long-term liabilities are defined as long-term liabilities that are reflected on our balance sheet under generally accepted accounting principles. based on this definition, the following table includes only those contracts which include fixed or minimum obligations. it does not include normal purchases, which are made in the ordinary course of business. the following table provides aggregated information about outstanding contractual obligations and other long-term liabilities as of december 31, 2020 (in thousands):

payments due by period total                   2021                  2022 &amp; 2023         2024 &amp; 2025         2026 &amp; after long-term debt (1)                        $3,158,658              $86,894               $8,154                  $806,926                $2,256,684
estimated interest payments on debt (2)           1,004,214               101,694                 199,984                 179,611                   522,925
purchase obligations (3)                            624,809               265,736                 168,035                  51,739                   139,299
construction commitments (4)                        561,064               561,064                       -                       -                         -
lease commitments                                   106,421                20,734                  31,222                  20,306                    34,159
other commitments (5)                                 1,390                   225                     400                     325                       440
total (6)                                 $5,456,556              $1,036,347            $407,795                $1,058,907              $2,953,507
(1)   the long-term debt payment information presented above assumes that our senior notes remain outstanding until maturity. refer to note 3. long-term debt to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information regarding these transactions, and our long-term debt.

(2)   the estimated interest payments shown above assume interest rates of 2.800% on our $400.0 million senior unsecured notes due december 2024; 2.400% on our $400.0 million senior unsecured notes due june 2025; 5.00% on our $400.0 million senior unsecured notes due december 2026; 1.650% on our $350.0 million senior unsecured notes due october 2027; 3.450% on our $600.0 million senior unsecured notes due april 2030; 3.250% on our $500.0 million senior unsecured notes due january 2031; 3.250% on our $400.0 million senior unsecured notes due october 2050; 0.200% commitment fee on our available revolver; and an average of 2.5% on our other debt of $108.7 million.

(3)   purchase obligations include commitments we have for the purchase of such commodities as electricity, water, natural gas and its transportation services, fuel, air products, zinc, and electrodes. these arrangements have "take or pay" or other similar commitment provisions. we have utilized such "take or pay" requirements during the past three years under these contracts, except for certain air products at our idle minnesota ironmaking operations. refer to note 9. commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information.

(4)   construction commitments relate to firm contracts we have with various vendors for the completion of certain construction projects at our various divisions at december 31, 2020. construction commitments related to our new southwest-sinton flat roll division mill comprise $515.2 million of this total. refer to note 9. commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information.

(5)   other commitments principally relate to deferred compensation plan obligations.

(6)   we expect to make cash outlays in the future related to our unrecognized tax benefits; however, due to the uncertainty of the timing, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates regarding the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. accordingly, unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties of $13.7 million as of december 31, 2020, have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. refer to note 4. income taxes to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information.

41
other matters inflation we believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our results of operations.
environmental and other contingencies we have incurred, and in the future will continue to incur, capital expenditures and operating expenses for matters relating to environmental control, remediation, monitoring and compliance. during 2020, we incurred costs related to the monitoring and compliance of environmental matters in the amount of approximately $34.0 million and capital expenditures related to environmental compliance of approximately $87.3 million, of which approximately $83.7 million is related to the construction of our new southwest-sinton flat roll division. of the costs incurred during 2020 for monitoring and compliance, approximately 70% were related to the normal transportation of certain types of waste produced in our steelmaking processes and other facilities, in accordance with legal requirements. we incurred combined environmental remediation costs of approximately $2.4 million at all of our facilities during 2020. we have an accrual of $6.0 million recorded for environmental remediation related to our metals recycling operations, and $2.6 million related to our idled minnesota ironmaking operations. we believe, apart from our dependence on environmental construction and operating permits for our existing and any future manufacturing facilities, that compliance with current environmental laws and regulations is not likely to have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, environmental laws and regulations evolve and change, and we may become subject to more stringent environmental laws and regulations in the future, such as the impact of united states government or various governmental agencies introducing regulatory changes in response to the potential of climate change.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. we review the accounting policies we use in reporting our financial results on a regular basis. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. we evaluate the appropriateness of these estimations and judgments on an ongoing basis. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. results may differ from these estimates due to actual outcomes being different from those on which we based our assumptions. we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition and credit losses. except for our steel fabrication operations, we recognize revenues at the point in time the performance obligation is satisfied, and control of the product is transferred to the customer upon shipment or delivery, at the amount of consideration the company expects to receive, including any variable consideration. the variable consideration included in the company's steel operations segment contracts, which is not constrained, include estimated product returns and customer claims based on historical experience, and may include volume rebates which are recorded on an expected value basis. our steel fabrication operations segment recognizes revenue over time at the amount of consideration the company expects to receive. revenue is measured on an output method representing completed fabricated tons to date as a percentage of total tons required for each contract. the company does not exercise significant judgements in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations or the transaction price. provision is made for estimated product returns and customer claims based on historical experience. if the historical data used in our estimates does not reflect future returns and claims trends, additional provision may be necessary. the allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable is based on our reasonable estimate of known credit risks and historical experience, adjusted for current and anticipated economic and other pertinent factors affecting our customers, that may differ from historical experience.
we are exposed to credit risk in the event of nonpayment by our customers, which in steel operations are principally intermediate steel processors and service centers that sell our products to numerous industry sectors, including the construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including octg) markets. our metals recycling operations sell ferrous scrap to steel mills and foundries, and nonferrous scrap, such as copper, brass, aluminum and stainless steel to, among others, ingot manufacturers, copper refineries and mills, smelters, and specialty mills. our steel fabrication operations sell fabricated steel joists and deck primarily to the non-residential construction market. we mitigate our exposure to credit risk, which we generally extend initially on an unsecured basis, by performing ongoing credit evaluations and taking further action when necessary, such as requiring letters of credit or other security interests to support the customer receivable. if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate for any reason, including the impact of covid-19 on operations, resulting in the impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowance may be required.
42
inventories. we record inventories at lower of cost or net realizable value. cost is determined using a weighted average cost method for raw materials and supplies, and on a first-in, first-out, basis for other inventory. we record amounts required, if any, to reduce the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable value as a charge to cost of goods sold. if product selling prices were to decline in future periods, further write-down of inventory could result, specifically raw material inventory such as scrap purchased during periods of peak market pricing.
impairments of long-lived tangible and definite-lived intangible assets. we review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. impairment losses are recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. the impairment loss is measured by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying amount. we consider various factors and determine whether an impairment test is necessary, including by way of examples, a significant and prolonged deterioration in operating results and/or projected cash flows, significant changes in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, technological advances with respect to assets which would potentially render them obsolete, our strategy and capital planning, and the economic climate in markets to be served. when determining future cash flows and if necessary, fair value, we must make judgments as to the expected utilization of assets and estimated future cash flows related to those assets. we consider historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all other available information at the time the estimates are made. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove accurate.
a long-lived asset is classified as held for sale upon meeting specified criteria related to ability and intent to sell. an asset classified as held for sale is measured at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. as of december 31, 2020, and 2019, the company reported $7.2 million and $8.0 million, respectively, of assets held for sale within other current assets in our consolidated balance sheet. an impairment loss is recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset held for sale to its fair value less cost to sell. for assets determined to be classified as held for sale in the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the asset carrying amounts approximated their fair value less cost to sell. the company determined fair value using level 3 fair value inputs as provided for under asc 820, consisting of information provided by brokers and other external sources along with management's own assumptions.
events occurred during the fourth quarter of 2020, that represented impairment indicators related to the company's noncore oil and gas joint ventures. therefore, the company undertook a fourth quarter 2020 assessment of the recoverability of the carrying amounts of these joint ventures' property, plant and equipment. based on the joint ventures' outlook at the time of this 2020 assessment, the company concluded that the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment were fully impaired. this assessment resulted in a total non-cash asset impairment charge of $19.4 million, which include amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests of $2.4, that in total served to reduce net income attributable to steel dynamics, inc. by $12.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
goodwill.
our goodwill, relating to various business combinations, consisted of the following at december 31 (in thousands):

2020                 2019
steel operations segment                   $272,133             $272,133
metals recycling operations segment               183,168              178,857
steel fabrication operations segment                1,925                1,925
$457,226             $452,915
at least once annually (as of october 1), or when indicators of impairment exist, the company performs an impairment test for goodwill. goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are generally one level below the company's operating segments. the fair value of the reporting unit is determined by using an estimate of future cash flows utilizing a risk-adjusted discount rate to calculate the net present value of future cash flows (income approach), and by using a market approach based upon an analysis of valuation metrics of comparable peer companies, using level 3 fair value inputs as provided for under asc 820. if the fair value exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit, there is no impairment. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in the amount by which the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, with the impairment loss not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
43
key assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of each reporting unit under the discounted cash flows method (income approach) include: (a) expected cash flows for the five-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (b) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the reporting unit; and (c) a risk-adjusted discount rate based on management's best estimate of market participants' after-tax weighted average cost of capital and market risk premiums. key assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of each reporting unit under the market approach include the expected revenues and cash flows in the next year. we consider historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove accurate.
goodwill acquired in past transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, primarily due to the fact that they are recorded at fair value based on operating plans and economic conditions at the time of acquisition. consequently, if operating results and/or economic conditions deteriorate after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired assets. a deterioration of economic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses, including, but not limited to, the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. additionally, we are required to ensure that assumptions used to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. as a result, the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and trends, regardless of whether our actual cost of capital has changed. therefore, we may recognize an impairment in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are approximately equal to or greater than our previously forecasted amounts.
our fourth quarter 2020, 2019, and 2018 annual goodwill impairment analyses did not result in any impairment charges. management does not believe that it is reasonably likely that our reporting units will fail the goodwill impairment test in the near term, as the determined fair value of the reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value by more than an insignificant amount. we will continue to monitor operating results within all reporting units throughout the upcoming year to determine if events and circumstances warrant interim impairment testing. otherwise, all reporting units will again be subject to the required annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2021. changes in judgments and estimates underlying our analysis of goodwill for possible impairment, including expected future operating cash flows and discount rate, could decrease the estimated fair value of our reporting units in the future and could result in an impairment of goodwill.
income taxes. we are required to estimate our income taxes as a part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements. this requires us to estimate our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated balance sheet. we must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance. we also establish reserves to reduce some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the positions become uncertain. we adjust these reserves, including any impact on the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. a number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established a reserve is audited by a taxing authority and finally resolved. the number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be recognized in our income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears. settlement of any particular issue would usually require the use of cash.
