item 1a. risk factors statements in this annual report on form 10-k and elsewhere that are forward-looking involve risks and uncertainties which may affect the company's actual results of operations. certain of these risks and uncertainties, which have affected and, in the future, could affect the company's actual results are discussed below. the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements made due to new information or future events. investors are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on these statements.
the following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluation of the company's business and any forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k and elsewhere. see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" set forth above. any of the following risks or others discussed in this annual report on form 10-k or the company's other sec filings could materially adversely affect the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets brought about by material global crises may adversely affect our business and financial statements.
covid-19 is having, and will continue to have, an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chains, and sales and distribution systems, including as a result of impacts associated with protective health measures that we, other businesses and governments are taking. many employers in our primary locations of business have closed partially or fully and required their employees to work from home or not work at all. while many businesses have re-opened as the pandemic eased in particular locations, a resurgence of covid-19 cases in those geographies could continue to cause additional closures. these site closures have included our customers, which have caused and will continue to cause customers to delay or forego purchases of our products. during the pandemic, we have experienced, and will continue to experience, significant and unpredictable reductions or increases in demand for certain of our products. as the pandemic continues, we expect to experience lower than normal sales activities and customer orders in most of our businesses, and it remains uncertain what impact these declines will have on future sales and customer orders.  while there has been some improvement in sales in the summer of 2020, there is no certainty that that improvement will continue, or how long the economic recovery will take as the pandemic eases. in addition to existing travel restrictions, countries may continue to close borders, impose prolonged quarantines, and further restrict travel, which may impact our ability to support our sites and customers in the future while also significantly limiting the ability of our products from moving through the supply chain. as a result, given the rapid and evolving nature of the virus, covid-19 will continue to negatively affect our revenue growth, and it is uncertain how materially covid-19 will affect our global operations, which generally will become more severe over an extended period of time. any of these impacts would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and at this point, the extent of the impact of covid-19 remains uncertain.
in recent months, we have introduced new products or modified existing products to serve the research and healthcare markets as they address the global pandemic through novel diagnostic and therapeutic products. the most significant of those new product launches, we believe, is the novel two-step serology assay that was developed based on and in collaboration with mount sinai hospital system and its commercial entity, kantaro biosciences. in the first half of calendar year 2020 we allocated significant resources to that development.  while we believe it is promising, the product only recently has been introduced commercially.  there can be no assurance that it will be widely adopted or used, especially if the pandemic eases or a vaccine is commercialized.  alternatively, if demand is great, there is no assurance we will be able to maintain the personnel, raw materials, production facilities or other resources required to meet a significantly greater than anticipated need.
it may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for revenue growth in light of competitive challenges.
we face significant competition across many of our product lines. competitors include companies ranging from start-up companies, which may be able to more quickly respond to customers' needs, to large multinational companies, which may have greater financial, marketing, operational, and research and development resources than the company. in addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the company. moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. the entry into the market by manufacturers in china, india and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing and competitive pressures, particularly in developing markets. failure to anticipate and respond to competitors' actions may impact the company's future sales and earnings.
to address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to maintain and improve our revenue growth, including:
•   strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets;

•   allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects;

•   developing new applications for our technologies;

•   continuing key opinion leader initiatives;

•   finding new markets for our products;

•   acquiring new products and business in growing or novel markets; and

•   continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services to take advantage of our depth in product offerings.

we may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business.
our acquisition growth strategy poses financial, management and other risks and challenges.
we routinely explore acquiring other businesses and assets, and have completed sixteen acquisitions and several investments in the last eight years. however, we may be unable to identify or complete promising acquisitions for many reasons, including competition among buyers, the high valuations of businesses in our industry, the need for regulatory and other approvals, and availability of capital. there can be no assurance that we will engage in any additional acquisitions or that we will be able to do so on terms that will result in any expected benefits. in addition, acquisitions financed with borrowings could make us more vulnerable to business downturns and could negatively affect our earnings due to higher leverage and interest expense.
9
our inability to complete acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. certain acquisitions may be difficult to complete for a number of reasons, including the need for antitrust and/or other regulatory approvals. any acquisition we may complete may be made at a substantial premium over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. when we do identify and consummate acquisitions, we may face financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention, integration of different corporate cultures, increased expenses, assumption of unknown liabilities, indemnities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the need to evaluate the financial systems of and establish internal controls for acquired entities. further, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our overall business.
we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets, or other investments become impaired.
we are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity, for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating results (affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular segment) and declines in the financial condition of our business. we may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired. any such charge would adversely impact our financial results.
in addition, the company's expansion strategies include collaborations and investments in joint ventures and companies developing new products related to the company's business. these strategies carry risks that objectives will not be achieved and future earnings will be adversely affected. for example, the company has an approximate 2% equity investment in publicly traded chemocentryx, inc. (nasdaq: ccxi) that is valued at $87.8 million as of june 30, 2020. the ownership of ccxi shares is very concentrated, the share price is highly volatile and there is limited trading of the shares. in fiscal 2017, we also invested and held a minority interest in privately-held astute medical, inc. (astute), a diagnostics company developing new diagnostics tests relating to kidney injury. in fiscal 2018, astute was acquired by a third party and we realized a $16.2 million loss on our investment.
significant developments or uncertainties stemming from the u.s. administration or resulting in potential changes resulting from the elections in the u.s. this fall, including changes in u.s. trade policies, tariffs, healthcare, taxes or other matters and the reaction of other countries thereto, could have an adverse effect on our business.
changes, potential changes or uncertainties in u.s. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate, or governing the health care system, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. for example, the current u.s. administration has called for substantial changes to trade agreements and has over the last three years imposed significant increases on tariffs for goods imported into the united states, particularly from china. other countries have responded similarly, with tariffs on goods entering their countries. the u.s. administration has also indicated an intention to ask congress to make significant changes, replacement or elimination of the patient protection and affordable care act, and government negotiation/regulation of drug prices paid by government programs.
additionally, in a referendum vote held on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom (uk) voted to leave the european union (eu). this referendum has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the uk and the eu, and this uncertainty may last for years as the parties negotiate new trade agreements and governmental relationships . our business could be affected during this period of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of the uk's exit from the eu. in addition, our business could be negatively affected by new trade agreements between the uk and other countries, including the united states, and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers in the uk. any of these factors could adversely affect customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers, and our business and financial results, particularly since our european headquarters and shipping facilities are currently located in the uk. additionally, attracting and retaining qualified employees who are citizens of eu countries to our uk facilities may be more difficult given the uncertainties resulting from the uk's withdrawal.
10
changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses.
we compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. for example, many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs. changes in the u.s. food and drug administration's regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products.
we are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers.
we have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities in the u.s. and elsewhere and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. we are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment.
we are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies.
we are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the u.s. federal drug administration (the fda), the u.s. drug enforcement agency (the dea), the u.s. department of health and human services (the dhhs), and other comparable agencies and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. in particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning current good manufacturing practices. our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with the laws and regulations of, the dea, the fda, the dhhs, foreign agencies and/or comparable state agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale. the manufacture, distribution and marketing of many of our products and services, including medical devices and pharma services, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the fda, the dea, and other equivalent local, state, federal and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. in addition, we are subject to inspections by these regulatory authorities. failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. in addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. we are the sole manufacturer of a number of products for many of our customers and a negative regulatory event could impact our customers' ability to provide products to their customers.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and our business practices in the u.s. and abroad such as anti-corruption and anti-competition laws. any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we are subject to financial, operating, legal and compliance risk associated with global operations.
we engage in business globally, with approximately 45% of our sales revenue in fiscal 2020 coming from outside the u.s. in addition, one of our strategies is to expand geographically, particularly in china, india and in developing countries, both through distribution and through direct operations. this subjects us to a number of risks, including international economic, political, and labor conditions; currency fluctuations; tax laws (including u.s. taxes on foreign subsidiaries); increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements; failure of laws to protect intellectual property rights adequately; inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions; transportation delays; operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters, climate change and diseases.
the application of laws and regulations impacting global transactions is often unclear and may at times conflict. compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, criminal sanctions, prohibited business conduct, and damage to our reputation. we incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our global operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the u.s.
we continue to expand our operations in countries with developing economies, where it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by u.s. regulations applicable to the company, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain aspects of our business operations, including those based in foreign countries where practices which violate such u.s. laws may be customary, will comply with our internal policies. any such non-compliance, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could have an adverse effect on our business and result in significant fines or penalties.
11
changes in economic conditions could negatively impact our revenues and earnings.
our protein sciences segment products are sold primarily to research scientists at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and at university and government research institutions. in addition to the impacts described above relating to covid-19, research and development spending by our customers and the availability of government research funding can fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. our genomics and diagnostics segment products are intended primarily for the medical diagnostics market, which relies largely on government healthcare-related policies and funding. changes in government reimbursement for certain diagnostic tests or reductions in overall healthcare spending could negatively impact us directly or our customers and, correspondingly, our sales to them. several years ago, the u.s. and global economies experienced a period of economic downturn and have been slow to recover in some parts of the world. such downturns, and other reductions or delays in governmental funding, could cause customers to delay or forego purchases of our products. we carry essentially no backlog of orders and changes in the level of orders received and filled daily can cause fluctuations in quarterly revenues and earnings.
management could fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting which could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in rule 13a-15(f) under the securities exchange act. a material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. as we continue to grow and acquire additional business, we may fail to implement effective internal controls for our recently acquired operations that may result in a material weakness. additionally, we may experience a breakdown in internal controls over our existing businesses that would prevent the timely identification of a material misstatement in our interim or annual financial statements. a material weakness may also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common shares.
our success will be dependent on recruiting and retaining highly qualified personnel and creating a new culture that includes the employees joining through acquisition.
recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, production, sales and marketing, and management personnel are critical to our success. our anticipated growth and its expected expansion into areas and activities requiring additional expertise will require the addition of new personnel and the development of additional expertise by existing personnel. we also operate in several geographic locations where competition for talent is strong, making employee retention particularly challenging. for example, some of our fastest growing businesses are located in northern california and eastern massachusetts, both of which generally have low unemployment and a competitive environment for finding and retaining talent. our growth by acquisition also creates challenges in retaining employees. as we integrate past and future acquisitions and evolve our corporate culture to incorporate the new workforces, some employees may not find such integration or cultural changes appealing. the failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our business.
cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our computer hardware, software, and internet applications and related tools and functions, could result in damage to our reputation, data integrity and/or subject us to costs, fines, or lawsuits under data privacy or other laws or contractual requirements.
the integrity and protection of our own data, and that of our customers and employees, is critical to our business. the regulatory environment governing information, security and privacy laws is increasingly demanding and continues to evolve. maintaining compliance with applicable security and privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products and services to customers. although our computer and communications hardware are protected through physical and software safeguards, they are still vulnerable to fire, storm, flood, power loss, earthquakes, telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins, software viruses, and similar events. these events could lead to the unauthorized access, disclosure and use of non-public information. the techniques used by criminal elements to attack computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. as a result, we may not be able to address these techniques proactively or implement adequate preventative measures. if our computer systems are compromised, we could be subject to fines, damages, litigation, and enforcement actions, customers could curtail or cease using its applications, and we could lose trade secrets, the occurrence of which could harm our business.
if we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. for example, in the united states, individual states regulate data breach and security requirements and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. most notably, last year the state of california passed sweeping privacy legislation called the california consumer privacy act, or ccpa that has impacted our business and could result in more material impacts as implementing regulations are issued. european laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of europe, and the recently-enacted eu general data protection regulation, which took effect in may 2018, imposes significantly stricter requirements in how we collect and process personal data. several countries, such as china and russia, have passed laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
12
we are dependent on maintaining our intellectual property rights.
our success depends in part on our ability to protect and maintain our intellectual property, including trade secrets. if we fail to protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us, we may lose our technological or competitive advantage, or we may incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict use of our intellectual property. we attempt to protect trade secrets in part through confidentiality agreements, but those agreements can be breached, and if they are, there may not be an adequate remedy. if trade secrets become publicly known, we could lose our competitive position.
we also attempt to protect and maintain intellectual property through the patent process. as of june 30, 2020, we owned or exclusively licensed over 515 granted patents and pending patent applications. we cannot be confident that any of our currently pending or future patent applications will result in granted patents, and we cannot predict how long it will take for such patents to be granted. it is possible that, if patents are granted to us, others will design around our patented technologies. further, other parties may challenge any patents granted to us and courts or regulatory agencies may hold our patents to be invalid or unenforceable. we may not be successful in defending challenges made against our patents and patent applications. any successful third-party challenge to our patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents. our ability to establish or maintain a technological or competitive advantage over our competitors may be diminished because of these uncertainties. to the extent our intellectual property offers inadequate protection, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we would be exposed to a greater risk of direct competition. if our intellectual property does not provide adequate coverage of our competitors' products, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business. both the patent application process and the process of managing patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive.
we may be involved in disputes to determine the scope, coverage and validity of others' proprietary rights, or to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, any of which could be time-intensive and costly and may adversely impact our business.
our success depends in part on its ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to obtain licenses where necessary or appropriate. we have obtained and continue to negotiate licenses to produce a number of products claimed to be owned by others. since we have not conducted a patent infringement study for each of our products, it is possible that some of our products may unintentionally infringe patents of third parties.
we have been and may in the future be sued by third parties alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. these lawsuits are expensive, take significant time, and divert management's focus from other business concerns. if we are found to be infringing the intellectual property of others, we could be required to cease certain activities, alter our products or processes or pay licensing fees. this could cause unexpected costs and delays which may have a material adverse effect on us. if we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms, or unable to design around any third party patent, we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which could result in reduced revenue. in addition, if we do not prevail, a court may find damages or award other remedies in favor of the opposing party in any of these suits, which may adversely affect our earnings.
our exodx prostate(intelliscore), or epi test, may not receive or maintain government or private reimbursement coverage for clinical laboratory testing as planned, which may have a material adverse effect upon the revenue and profits for this product line.
in august 2018, we acquired exosome diagnostics, which sells the exodx prostate or epi test, a non-invasive urine test that predicts the aggressiveness of prostate cancer. we received public payer coverage for certain uses, but are currently seeking expanded coverage from public payors as well as coverage decisions regarding reimbursement from additional private payers. however, the process and timeline for obtaining coverage decisions is uncertain and difficult to predict. moreover, federal and state government payers, such as medicare and medicaid, as well as insurers, including managed care organizations, continue to increase their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services. from time to time, congress considers and implements changes in medicare fee schedules affecting reimbursement rates in conjunction with budgetary legislation. further, reimbursement reductions due to changes in policy regarding coverage of tests or other requirements for payment (such as prior authorization, diagnosis code and other claims edits, or a physician or qualified practitioner's signature on test requisitions) may be implemented from time to time. still further, changes in third-party payer regulations, policies, or laboratory benefit or utilization management programs, as well as actions by federal and state agencies regulating insurance, including healthcare exchanges, or changes in other laws, regulations, or policies, may have a material adverse effect on revenue and earnings associated with exosome diagnostics' exodx prostate test.
the company could face significant monetary damages and penalties and/or exclusion from government programs if its exosome diagnostics' epi business violates federal, state, local or international laws including, but not limited to, anti-fraud and abuse laws.
as a healthcare provider, the company's exosome diagnostics' exodx prostate business is subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state, and local levels in the u.s. and other countries where it operates. the company's failure to meet governmental requirements under these regulations, including those relating to billing practices and financial relationships with physicians, hospitals, and health systems, could lead to civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in medicare and medicaid, and possibly prohibitions or restrictions on the use of its laboratories. while the company believes that it is in material compliance with all statutory and regulatory requirements, there is a risk that government authorities might take a contrary position. such occurrences, regardless of their outcome, could damage the company's reputation and adversely affect important business relationships it has with third parties.
13
the company's exosome diagnostics exodx prostate business could be harmed from the loss or suspension of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or interpretations of, the law or regulations of the clinical laboratory improvement act of 1967, and the clinical laboratory improvement amendments of 1988 (clia), or those of medicare, medicaid or government agencies where the company operates its laboratory.
the commercial laboratory testing industry is subject to extensive u.s. regulation, and many of these statutes and regulations have not been interpreted by the courts. clia extends federal oversight to virtually all clinical laboratories operating in the u.s. by requiring that they be certified by the federal government or by a federally approved accreditation agency. the sanction for failure to comply with clia requirements may be suspension, revocation or limitation of a laboratory's clia certificate, which is necessary to conduct business, as well as significant fines and/or criminal penalties. in addition, the company's exodx prostate business is subject to regulation under state law. state laws may require that laboratories and/or laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality controls or require maintenance of certain records. applicable statutes and regulations could be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that would adversely affect the company's exodx prosate business. potential sanctions for violation of these statutes and regulations include significant fines and the suspension or loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's epi business. in addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on the company, which may be costly.
failure to comply with privacy and security laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties and damage to the company's reputation and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business, a risk that has been elevated with the acquisition of exosome diagnostics, whose laboratory testing service is a healthcare provider that obtains and uses protected health information.
if the company does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy and security of personal or health information, it could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. in the u.s., the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa) privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under u.s. health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hitech), establish comprehensive standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information (phi) by covered entities, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of phi. hipaa restricts the company's ability to use or disclose phi, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or healthcare operations (as defined by hipaa), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. if the laboratory operations for the company's business use or disclose phi improperly under these privacy regulations, they may incur significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of phi in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties.
the company relies heavily on internal manufacturing and related operations to produce, package and distribute its products which, if disrupted, could materially impair our business operations.
the company's internal quality control, packaging and distribution operations support the majority of the company's sales. since certain company products must comply with food and drug administration quality system regulations and because in all instances, the company creates value for its customers through the development of high-quality products, any significant decline in quality or disruption of operations for any reason could adversely affect sales and customer relationships, and therefore adversely affect the business. while the company has taken certain steps to manage these operational risks, and while insurance coverage may reimburse, in whole or in part, for losses related to such disruptions, the company's future sales growth and earnings may be adversely affected by perceived disruption risks or actual disruptions.
our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites.
we rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. we have significant operations in california, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. although most of our raw materials are available from a number of potential suppliers, our operations also depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. if we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, we may not be able to produce certain of our products or we may not be able to produce certain of these products at a marketable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
14
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
as a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. in particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or related authoritative interpretations in the united states, including tax reform under the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") signed by the president of the united states on december 22, 2017, which includes broad and complex changes to the united states tax code and the states' tax response to the tax act. the company anticipates changes in interpretations, assumptions and guidance regarding the tax act to be issued by the u.s. treasury department, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate in future periods.
in preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability.
we ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as fedex in the u.s. and dhl in europe. if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. in addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected.
as a multinational corporation, we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.
international markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. international revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. these fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. as a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. as our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. in fiscal 2020, currency translation had an unfavorable effect of $5.2 million on revenues due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services.
15
we have entered into and drawn on a revolving credit facility. the burden of this additional debt could adversely affect us, make us more vulnerable to adverse economic or industry conditions, and prevent us from funding our expansion strategy.
in connection with the acquisition of exosome diagnostics on august 1, 2018, we used a new credit facility governed by a credit agreement entered into on july 28, 2018. the credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of $600 million, which can be increased by an additional $200 million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of $250 million. borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at a variable rate. as of august 21, 2020, the company had drawn $337 million under the credit agreement.
the terms of the credit agreement and the burden of the indebtedness incurred thereunder could have negative consequences for us, such as:
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, expansion strategy, or other needs;

•   increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility in planning for, adverse changes in economic, industry and competitive conditions; and
•   increasing our vulnerability to increases in interest rates.

the credit agreement also contains negative covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. these covenants limit our ability to, among other things, sell, lease or transfer any properties or assets, with certain exceptions; and enter into certain merger, consolidation or other reorganization transactions, with certain exceptions.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default under our credit facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under such facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. in addition, the company would be subject to additional restrictions if an event of default exists under the credit agreement, such as a prohibition on the payment of cash dividends.
our share price will fluctuate.
over the last several years, stock markets in general and our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and volume volatility. both the market price and the daily trading volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our operations and business prospects. in addition to the risk factors discussed above, the price and volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by:
•                                           operating results that vary from our financial guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors;

•   the financial performance of the major end markets that we target;
•   the operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us;
•   announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; and
•   changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets.
dividends on our common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the future.
for over 10 years, our board has consistently declared quarterly dividends of $0.25 to $0.32 cents per share. in the future, our board may determine to reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in order to fund investments for growth, repurchase shares or conserve capital resources.
16
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. we provide quantitative information about the material sales drivers including the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and segment level. we also provide quantitative information about discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial information and related notes included in this form 10-k. this discussion contains various "non-gaap financial measures" and also contains various "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. we refer readers to the statements entitled "non-gaap financial measures" located at the end of this md&a and "forward-looking information and cautionary statements" and "risk factors" within items 1 and 1a of this form 10-k.
overview bio-techne develops, manufactures and sells life science reagents, instruments and services for the research and clinical diagnostic markets worldwide. with our deep product portfolio and application expertise, we sell integral components of scientific investigations into biological processes and molecular diagnostics, revealing the nature, diagnosis, etiology and progression of specific diseases. our products aid in drug discovery efforts and provide the means for accurate clinical tests and diagnoses.
during our fiscal year 2020, we operated with two operating segments - our protein sciences segment and our diagnostics and genomics segment. our protein sciences segment is a leading developer and manufacturer of high-quality purified proteins and reagent solutions, most notably cytokines and growth factors, antibodies, immunoassays, biologically active small molecule compounds, tissue culture reagents and t-cell activation technologies. this segment also includes protein analysis solutions that offer researchers efficient and streamlined options for automated western blot and multiplexed elisa workflow. our genomics and diagnostics segment develops and manufactures diagnostic products, including fda-regulated controls, calibrators, blood gas and clinical chemistry controls and other reagents for oem and clinical customers, as well as a portfolio of clinical molecular diagnostic oncology assays, including the exodx®prostate(intelliscore) test (epi) for prostate cancer diagnosis. this segment also manufactures and sells advanced tissue-based in-situ hybridization assays (ish) for research and clinical use.
overall results operational update for fiscal 2020, consolidated net sales increased 4% as compared to fiscal 2019. organic growth was 4%, with currency translation and acquisitions having an immaterial impact on revenue. the company experienced broad-based organic revenue growth in most major geographic regions and end-markets prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. this broad-based organic growth was partially offset by the negative impacts associated with the covid-19 pandemic experienced by the company in the latter half of fiscal year 2020, as further described in the covid-19 business update section.
for fiscal 2020, consolidated earnings increased 139% compared to fiscal 2019. the increase in earnings was primarily due to a gain of approximately $137 million on our chemocentryx investment and a gain of approximately $7 million on the settlement of the escrow balance associated with the exosome acquisition. after adjusting for acquisition related costs, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax items in both years, adjusted net earnings increased 2% in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. adjusted earnings growth was driven by volume leverage, which was partially offset by business impacts associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
for fiscal 2019, consolidated net sales increased 11% as compared to fiscal 2018. organic growth for the year was 10% with currency translation having an unfavorable impact of 1% and acquisitions contributing 2%. the organic growth was broad-based with double digit organic growth in the united states, high single digit organic growth in europe, and over 25% organic growth in china.
consolidated gaap net earnings decreased 24% for fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. after adjusting for acquisition related costs, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax items in both years, adjusted net earnings increased 2% in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. adjusted earnings growth was driven by volume leverage, which was partially offset by negative margin acquisitions.
covid-19 business update covid-19 negatively impacted fiscal year 2020 sales growth due to the numerous customer site shutdowns in our academia and bio-pharma end-markets that occurred at the end of our third fiscal quarter and continued through our fourth quarter. customer site shutdowns will continue to have a negative impact on sales while they remain in effect, but we did experience an increase in the number of customer sites that were open at the end of the fourth quarter. however, we are unable to forecast the impact of customer site closures given the uncertainty that some customer sites may close again due to increases in covid-19 cases occurring in their region and over the duration of the covid-19 pandemic. once the pandemic has eased, we anticipate a positive long-term outlook for sales growth resulting from expected future funding increases within life-science research in response to the current pandemic.
the company has responded to the pandemic by leveraging our deep product portfolio and scientific expertise to develop robust covid-19 product and service offerings providing critical support for both clinical care and therapeutic development. the company's ongoing efforts to utilize our portfolio of products and services to enable solutions for this evolving pandemic may partially offset the impact of our customer site closures.
adjusted eps was negatively impacted by covid-19 primarily due to the sales impacts described above. we anticipate the short- and long-term impacts of covid-19 on adjusted eps to be similar to that of sales growth.
the company remains in a strong financial position with sufficient available cash as well as access to additional funding if necessary, through our long-term debt agreement. we did not experience any material changes to our june 30, 2020 balance sheet resulting from covid-19 for items such as additional reserves or asset impairments resulting from the pandemic.
the company remains fully operational as we abide by local covid-19 safety regulations across the world. to achieve this, the company has certain employees working remotely and has adopted significant protective measures for our employees on site, including staggered shifts, social distancing and hygiene best practices recommended by the centers for disease control (cdc) and local public health officials.  in addition, the company has taken additional steps to monitor and strengthen our supply chain to maintain an uninterrupted supply of our critical products and services.
21
results of operations net sales consolidated organic net sales exclude the impact of net sales contributed by companies acquired during the fiscal year and the effect of the change from the prior year in exchange rates used to convert sales in foreign currencies (primarily the euro, british pound sterling, and chinese yuan) into u.s. dollars.
consolidated net sales growth was as follows:
year ended june 30,

2020            2019              2018
organic sales growth                              4   %           10    %           9   %
acquisitions sales growth                         0   %            2    %           3   %
impact of foreign currency fluctuations           0   %           (1   )%           2   %
consolidated net sales growth                     4   %           11    %          14   %
consolidated net sales by segment were as follows (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2020                     2019                     2018
protein sciences                     $555,352                 $543,159                 $482,378
diagnostics and genomics              184,549                  171,674                  161,151
intersegment                           (1,210   )                 (827   )                 (536   )
consolidated net sales               $738,691                 $714,006                 $642,993
in fiscal 2020, protein sciences segment net sales increased 2% compared to fiscal 2019. organic growth for the segment was 3% for the fiscal year, with foreign currency translation having an unfavorable impact of 1%, and acquisitions contributing an immaterial amount.
overall segment growth was driven by strong bio-pharma sales in north america and strong overall performance in china, which was partially offset by the disruption in research markets due to numerous customer site closures relating to the covid-19 pandemic that occurred in the second half of fiscal 2020.
in fiscal 2020, diagnostics and genomics segment net sales increased 8% compared to fiscal 2019. organic growth was 8% with acquisitions and foreign currency having an immaterial impact on revenue.
overall segment revenue growth was driven by strong performance in our exodx prostate test, rna scope, hematology, and assay development products lines prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. the closure of academic site labs and limitation of non-essential medical procedures resulting from the covid-19 pandemic significantly impacted sales of our rna scope product line and our exodx prostate test, respectively, in the latter portion of the fiscal year. these negative sales impacts were partially offset through growth in supplying specialty diagnostic antibodies and other raw materials to covid-19 testing manufacturers.
in fiscal 2019, protein sciences segment net sales increased 13% compared to fiscal 2018. organic growth for the segment was 13% for the fiscal year, with acquisitions contributing 2% and foreign currency translation having an unfavorable impact of 2%. growth was broad-based and especially strong in the antibodies and cell therapy consumables as well as the simple western and simple plex instrument product categories.
in fiscal 2019, the diagnostics and genomics segment net sales increased 7% compared to fiscal 2018. organic growth for the segment was 4% with acquisitions contributing 3%. growth in this segment was primarily driven by strong rna scope product sales.
22
gross margins consolidated gross margins were 65.4%, 66.3%, and 67.2% in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018. consolidated gross margins were negatively impacted as a result of purchase accounting related to inventory in fiscal 2019 and 2018 and intangible assets acquired during fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018. under purchase accounting, inventory is valued at fair value less expected selling and marketing costs, resulting in reduced margins in future periods as the inventory is sold. excluding the impact of acquired inventory sold, amortization of intangibles, and stock compensation expense, adjusted gross margins were 70.3%, 71.5%, and 71.5% in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 respectively. fiscal 2020 adjusted gross margin was negatively impacted by product mix when compared to fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018.
a reconciliation of the reported consolidated gross margin percentages, adjusted for acquired inventory sold and intangible amortization included in cost of sales, is as follows:
year ended june 30,

2020              2019              2018
consolidated gross margin percentage                      65.4   %          66.3   %          67.2   %
identified adjustments:
costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory             -   %           0.5   %           0.4   %
amortization of intangibles                                4.7   %           4.7   %           3.9   %
stock compensation expense - cogs                          0.2   %             -   %             -   %
non-gaap adjusted gross margin percentage                 70.3   %          71.5   %          71.5   %
fluctuations in adjusted gross margins, as a percentage of net sales, have primarily resulted from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in product mix. we expect that, in the future, gross margins will continue to be impacted by the mix of our portfolio growing at different rates as well as future acquisitions.
management uses adjusted operating results to monitor and evaluate performance of the company's two segments. segment gross margins, as a percentage of net sales, were as follows:
year ended june 30,

2020              2019              2018
protein sciences                  75.0   %          76.8   %          76.8   %
diagnostics and genomics          55.6   %          54.4   %          55.7   %
the small decrease in the protein sciences segment's gross margin percentage for fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 and 2018 was primarily attributable to mix of product sales within the segment.
the increase in diagnostics and genomics in gross margin for fiscal 2020 was primarily due to volume leverage, operational productivity, and revenue growth against a similar cost base in recent acquisitions. the decrease in the diagnostics and genomics gross margin percentages for fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 were due to negative gross margins for acquisitions made in the segment, namely exosomedx.
23
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $3.8 million (1%) in fiscal 2020 when compared to fiscal 2019. selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to a reduction in corporate expenses and a gain resulting from a settlement of amounts held in escrow from the exosomedx acquisition between the company and the former shareholders. these reductions to our selling, general, and administrative expenses were partially offset by an increase in expense within the segments.
selling, general and administrative expense increased $23.7 million (10%) in fiscal 2019 when compared to fiscal 2018. the increase was primarily driven by an additional cost base from our fiscal 2019 acquisitions, additional stock-based compensation expense, and additional amortization expense associated with intangible assets recorded from our fiscal 2019 acquisitions. these increases were partially offset by a reduction in acquisition related expenses.
consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses were composed of the following (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2020                     2019                     2018
protein sciences                                                   $138,792                 $135,513                 $119,649
diagnostics and genomics                                             65,407                   61,646                   40,255
total segment expenses                                              204,199                  197,159                  159,904
amortization of intangibles                                          26,358                   25,210                   21,650
acquisition related expenses                                            415                    2,282                   24,429
gain on escrow litigation                                            (7,159   )                    -                        -
restructuring costs                                                      87                        -                      376
stock-based compensation                                             32,667                   33,057                   28,240
corporate selling, general and administrative expenses                4,016                    6,651                    6,037
total selling, general and administrative expenses                 $260,583                 $264,359                 $240,636
research and development expenses research and development expenses increased $2.8 million (4%) and $7.1 million (13%) in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively, as compared to prior year periods. the increase in research and development expenses in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily attributable to continued investment in future growth platforms of the company, recent acquisitions, and the development of new covid-19 products. the increase in research and development expense in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily attributable to our exosomedx acquisition.
year ended june 30,

2020                   2019                   2018
protein sciences                                   $43,022                $40,735                $40,996
diagnostics and genomics                            22,170                 21,678                 14,095
total segment expenses                              65,192                 62,413                 55,091
unallocated corporate expenses                           -                      -                    238
total research and development expenses            $65,192                $62,413                $55,329
24
net interest income / (expense)
net interest income/(expense) for fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 was $(18.6) million, $(21.1) million, and $(9.8) million, respectively. net interest expense in fiscal 2020 decreased when compared to fiscal 2019 due to a reduction in our average long-term debt. net interest expense increased in fiscal 2019 when compared to fiscal 2018 due to an increase in our average long-term debt, resulting from the debt agreement the company entered into in conjunction with our exosomedx acquisition.
other non-operating expense, net other non-operating expense, net, consists of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, rental income, building expenses related to rental property and the company's gains and losses on investments as follows (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2020                     2019                     2018
foreign currency gains (losses)                             $1,703           $(455            )       $(227         )
rental income                                                1,140                    1,141                 1,177
real estate taxes, depreciation and utilities               (1,915   )               (1,897   )            (1,803   )
gain (loss) on investment                                  137,508                  (12,370   )       397
miscellaneous (expense) income                                (786   )       13                                (9   )
other non-operating income (expense), net                 $137,650           $(13,568         )       $(447         )
during fiscal 2020, the company recognized gains of $137.5 million related to changes in fair value associated with changes in the stock price of our chemocentryx, inc. (ccxi) investment.
during fiscal 2019, the company recognized losses of $16.1 million related to changes in fair value associated with changes in the stock price of our chemocentryx, inc. (ccxi) investment, which were partially offset by a $3.7 million gain realized upon acquisition from our historical investment in b-mogen.
during the third quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recognized a $16.2 million impairment on the write-down of its investment in astute medical, inc. (astute) in anticipation of the amount of cash to be received upon completion of the sale of astute to a third party. the astute sale closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 at the anticipated amount. this loss was offset by a $16.1 million gain on the sale of a portion of the company's investment in chemocentryx, inc. (ccxi) and a $0.5 million gain on the sale of investment property in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. these gains and losses are included in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income.
income taxes income taxes for fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 were at effective rates of 17.1%, 14.2%, and (0.2)%, respectively, of consolidated earnings before income taxes. the change in the effective tax rate was driven by discrete tax items. the company's discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2020 primarily related to share-based compensation excess tax benefits of $17.7 million. the company's discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2019 primarily related to share-based compensation excess tax benefits of $7.2 million, $3.2 million related to deductible acquisition payments made to employees and third parties, and $2.0 million for tax refunds relating to certain state apportionments. in fiscal 2018, the company recognized net discrete tax benefits of $34.4 million. the primary driver in fiscal 2018 discrete tax benefits was a discrete net tax benefit of $33.0 million related to the tax act (as described in note 11). also impacting the company's fiscal 2018 effective tax rate was a $2.2 million tax benefit related to share-based compensation excess tax benefits offset by a net discrete tax expense of $4.2 million related to the revaluation of contingent consideration, which is not a tax deductible expense.
25
net earnings non-gaap adjusted consolidated net earnings are as follows (in thousands):
year ended june 30,

2020                      2019                     2018
net earnings                                                                $229,296                  $96,072                 $126,150
identified adjustments:
costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory                                   -                    3,739                    2,455
amortization of intangibles                                                   60,865                   58,550                   46,983
acquisition related expenses                                                     793                    2,656                   24.774
gain on escrow settlement                                                     (7,170   )                    -                        -
restructuring costs                                                               87                        -                      376
stock-based compensation                                                      34,262                   33,057                   28,240
(gain) loss on investment and other                                         (136,716   )               12,370                     (397   )
tax impact of above adjustments                                               17,324                  (18,323   )              (21,625   )
tax impact of discrete tax items and other foreign adjustments               (19,423   )              (12,665   )              (34,360   )
non-gaap adjusted net earnings                                              $179,318                 $175,456                 $172,596
non-gaap adjusted net earnings growth                                              2   %                    2   %                   24   %
depending on the nature of discrete tax items, our reported tax rate may not be consistent on a period to period basis. the company independently calculates a non-gaap adjusted tax rate considering the impact of discrete items and jurisdictional mix of the identified non-gaap adjustments. the following table summarizes the reported gaap tax rate and the effective non-gaap adjusted tax rate for the periods ended june 30, 2020, 2019, and 2018.
year ended june 30,

2020                2019                2018
reported gaap tax rate                     17.1   %            14.2   %            (0.2   )%
tax rate impact of:
identified non-gaap adjustments            (2.5   )            (4.3   )            (2.7    )
discrete tax items                          7.0                11.2                27.3
non-gaap adjusted tax rate                 21.6   %            21.1   %            24.4
the difference between the reported gaap tax rate and non-gaap tax rate applied to the identified non-gaap adjustments for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2020 and june 30, 2019 is primarily a result of discrete tax items. refer to note 11 for additional discussion relating to the change in discrete tax items between fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019.
the difference between the reported gaap tax rate and non-gaap tax rate applied to the identified non-gaap adjustments for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 is due primarily to recording the items attributable to the new tax legislation in the u.s. which resulted in a $33.0 million tax benefit. offsetting this benefit is the impact of the revaluation of contingent consideration which is not tax deductible. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company recorded acquisition related expense of $20.1 million related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration.
26
liquidity and capital resources cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments at june 30, 2020 were $270.9 million compared to $166.0 million at june 30, 2019. included in available-for-sale investments at june 30, 2020 and june 30, 2019 was the fair value of the company's investment in ccxi of $87.8 million and $38.2 million, respectively.
at june 30, 2020, approximately 23% of the company's cash and equivalent account balances of $146.6 million were located in the u.s., with the remainder located in primarily in canada, china, the u.k. and other european countries.
at june 30, 2020, approximately 71% of the company's available-for-sale investment account balances of $124.3 million were located in the u.s., with the remaining 29% in china.
the company has either paid u.s. taxes on its undistributed foreign earnings or intends to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings in the foreign operations or expects the earnings will be remitted in a tax neutral transaction. management of the company expects to be able to meet its cash and working capital requirements for operations, facility expansion, capital additions, and cash dividends for the foreseeable future, and at least the next 12 months, through currently available funds, including funds available through our line-of-credit and cash generated from operations.
during fiscal 2019, the company acquired qt holdings corporation (quad), exosome diagnostics, inc. (exosome), and the outstanding shares of our b-mogen investment for approximately $20 million plus $51 million in potential contingent consideration,  approximately $250 million plus $325 million in potential contingent consideration, and $17 million plus $38 million in potential contingent consideration, respectively. in connection with the acquisition of exosome diagnostics on august 1, 2018, the company entered into a new credit facility governed by a credit agreement entered into on august 1, 2018 that matures on august 1, 2023. the credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of $600 million, which can be increased by an additional $200 million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of $250 million. borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at a variable rate.
during fiscal 2018, the company acquired trevigen, atlanta biologicals and eurocell diagnostics for approximately $10.6 million, $51.3 million and $7.3 million, respectively. the acquisitions were financed through a combination of cash on hand and our revolving line of credit facility.
future acquisition strategies may or may not require additional borrowings under the line-of-credit facility or other outside sources of funding.
cash flows from operating activities the company generated cash from operations of $205.2 million, $181.6 million, and $170.4 million in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 respectively. the increase in cash generated from operating activities in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was mainly a result of higher gaap earnings and lower accounts receivable balances in fiscal 2020, which were partially offset by the gain on investments included within earnings. the increase in cash generated from operating activities in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 was mainly the result of higher depreciation and amortization and adjustments to available-for-sale securities included with our gaap earnings, partially offset by a reduction in gaap earnings.
cash flows from investing activities we continue to make investments in our business, including capital expenditures. the company did not make any acquisitions in fiscal 2020. net cash paid for acquisitions of quad, exosome, and b-mogen was $289.5 million in fiscal 2019, a substantial increase from the net cash paid of $67.9 million for the trevigen, atlanta biologicals and eurocell diagnostics acquisitions in fiscal 2018.
27
the company's net proceeds (outflow) from the purchase, sale and maturity of available-for-sale investments in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 were $76.9 million, ($21.9 million), and $27.8 million, respectively. the increase in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was driven by the sale of a portion of the company's investment in ccxi in fiscal 2020. the decrease in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 was driven by the sale of a portion of the company's investment in ccxi in fiscal 2018 and additional purchases of bonds in fiscal 2019. the company's investment policy is to place excess cash in certificates of deposit with the objective of obtaining the highest possible return while minimizing risk and keeping the funds accessible.
capital additions in fiscal year 2020, 2019, and 2018 were $51.7 million, $25.4 million, and $20.9 million. increase in fiscal 2020 capital expenditures due to investments in new buildings, in particular, the company's cgmp manufacturing facility. capital additions planned for fiscal 2021 are approximately $45 million and are expected to be financed through currently available cash and cash generated from operations.
cash flows from financing activities in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018, the company paid cash dividends of $48.9 million, $48.4 million, $48.0 million, respectively. the board of directors periodically considers the payment of cash dividends.
the company received $71.0 million, $38.0 million, $19.2 million, for the exercise of options for 56,000, 382,000, 204,000 shares of common stock in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 , respectively.
during fiscal 2020, the company drew $40 million under its revolving line-of-credit facility and made repayments on its line-of-credit of $188.5 million.
during fiscal 2019, the company drew $580.0 million under its revolving line-of-credit facility to fund its acquisition of quad, exosome, and b-mogen and made repayments on its line-of-credit of $413.5 million.
during fiscal 2018, the company drew $55.0 million under its revolving line-of-credit facility to fund its acquisition of atlanta biologicals and made repayments on its line-of-credit of $59.5 million.
during fiscal 2020, the company made $4.4 million ($4 million for quad and $0.4 million for b-mogen) in cash payments towards the quad, exosome, and b-mogen contingent consideration liabilities. of the $4.4 million in total payments, $3.4 million is classified as financing on the statement of cash flows. the remaining $1 million is recorded as operating on the statement of cash flows as it represents the consideration liability that exceeds the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date.
during fiscal 2019, the company made no cash payments towards the quad, exosome, and b-mogen contingent consideration liabilities.
during fiscal 2018, the company made $88.5 million ($50 million for acd, $35 million for cyvek, and $3.5 million for zephyrus) in cash payments towards the acd, cyvek and zephyrus contingent consideration liabilities. of the $88.5 million in total payments, $61.9 million is classified as financing on the statement of cash flows. the remaining $26.6 million is recorded as operating on the statement of cash flows as it represents the consideration liability that exceeds the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date.
in accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement, during fiscal 2019, the company made the final payment of $1.4 million related to eurocell. in accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement, during the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the company made the final $2.3 million payment for the space acquisition. these payments were included within other financing activities.
during fiscal 2020 and 2019, the company repurchased $50.1 million and $15.4 million, respectively in share repurchases included as a cash outflow within financing activities. the company did not repurchase any shares in fiscal 2018.
28
off-balance sheet arrangements the company is not a party to any off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or obligations that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on the company's financial condition, changes in the financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the company's contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of june 30, 2020 (in thousands):
payments due by period

total   less than                        1-2                      3-4           after
1 year                         years                    years           5 years long-term debt                     $356,743          12,500                 25,000                  319,243                 -
lease obligations                   $93,021   $12,590                      $23,409                  $19,706           $37,316
total contractual obligations      $449,764   $20,090                      $48,409                 $338,949           $37,316
the interest rate on the company's long-term debt is calculated as the sum of libor plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin is determined for the total leverage ratio of the company and updated on a quarterly basis. the company also has a derivative instrument related to our debt, which converts the variable interest rate payment of the debt to fixed interest payments as disclosed note 5. additionally, there is an annualized fee for any unused portion of the credit facility which is currently 15 basis points as further described in note 6.
critical accounting policies management's discussion and analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations are based upon the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap). the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
the company has identified the policies outlined below as critical to its business operations and an understanding of results of operations. the listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all accounting policies; investors should also refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
business combinations we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of the acquisition. the calculations used to determine the fair value of the long-lived assets acquired, primarily intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgment. we weigh many factors when completing these estimates including, but not limited to, the nature of the acquired company's business; its competitive position, strengths, and challenges; its historical financial position and performance; estimated customer retention rates; discount rates; and future plans for the combined entity. we may also engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value calculations for significant acquired long-lived assets.
the fair value of acquired technology is generally the primary asset identified and therefore estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method. the multi-period excess earnings method model estimates revenues and cash flows derived from the primary asset and then deducts portions of the cash flow that can be attributed to supporting assets, such as trade names, that contributed to the generation of the cash flows. the resulting cash flow, which is attributable solely to the primary asset acquired, is then discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the risk of the asset to calculate a present value. the trade name is generally calculated using the relief from royalty method, which calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the technology. assumed royalty rates are applied to the projected revenues for the remaining useful life of the technology to estimate the royalty savings. in circumstances that customer relationship assets are identified that are not the primary asset, they are valued using the distributor model income approach, which isolates revenues and cash flow associated with the sales and distribution function of the entity and attributable to customer-related assets, which are then discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the risk of the asset to calculate a present value.
29
we estimate the fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration by discounting to present value the probability weighted contingent payments expected to be made. for potential payments related to financial performance based milestones, projected revenue and/or ebitda amounts, volatility and discount rates assumptions are included in the estimated amounts. for potential payments related to product development milestones, the fair value is based on the probability of achievement of such milestones. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to impairment testing on at least an annual basis.
we are also required to estimate the useful lives of the acquired intangible assets, which determines the amount of acquisition-related amortization expense we will record in future periods. each reporting period, we evaluate the remaining useful lives of our amortizable intangibles to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.
while we use our best estimates and assumptions, our fair value estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. any adjustments required after the measurement period are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.
the judgments required in determining the estimated fair values and expected useful lives assigned to each class of assets and liabilities acquired can significantly affect net income. for example, different classes of assets will have useful lives that differ. consequently, to the extent a longer-lived asset is ascribed greater value than a shorter-lived asset, net income in a given period may be higher. additionally, assigning a lower value to amortizable intangibles would result in a higher amount assigned to goodwill. as goodwill is not amortized, this would benefit net income in a given period, although goodwill is subject to annual impairment analysis.
impairment of goodwill goodwill goodwill was $728.3 million as of june 30, 2020, which represented 35.9% of total assets. goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that could indicate a possible impairment.
to analyze goodwill for impairment, we must assign our goodwill to individual reporting units. identification of reporting units includes an analysis of the components that comprise each of our operating segments, which considers, among other things, the manner in which we operate our business and the availability of discrete financial information. components of an operating segment are aggregated to form one reporting unit if the components have similar economic characteristics. we periodically review our reporting units to ensure that they continue to reflect the manner in which we operate our business.
there has been no impairment of goodwill since the adoption of financial accounting standards board ("fasb") asc 350 guidance for goodwill and other intangibles on july 1, 2002.
30
2020 goodwill impairment analyses in completing our 2020 annual goodwill impairment analyses, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment for all of our reporting units. a quantitative assessment involves comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to its estimated fair value. carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of the reporting unit, which often requires the allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. in accordance with asu 2017-04, a goodwill impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. in determining the fair values of our reporting units, we utilized the income approach. the income approach is a valuation technique under which we estimated future cash flows using the reporting unit's financial forecast from the perspective of an unrelated market participant. using historical trending and internal forecasting techniques, we projected revenue and applied our fixed and variable cost experience rates to the projected revenue to arrive at the future cash flows. a terminal value was then applied to the projected cash flow stream. future estimated cash flows were discounted to their present value to calculate the estimated fair value. the discount rate used was the value-weighted average of our estimated cost of capital derived using both known and estimated customary market metrics. in determining the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, we were required to estimate a number of factors, including projected operating results, terminal growth rates, economic conditions, anticipated future cash flows, the discount rate and the allocation of shared or corporate items.
because our 2020 quantitative analyses included all of our reporting units, the summation of our reporting units' fair values, as indicated by our discounted cash flow calculations, were compared to our consolidated fair value, as indicated by our market capitalization, to evaluate the reasonableness of our calculations. this impairment assessment is sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units.
the quantitative assessment completed as of april 1, 2020 indicated that all of the reporting units had a substantial amount of headroom. accordingly, the company determined there was no indication of impairment of goodwill in our annual goodwill impairment analysis. further, no triggering events were identified in the year ended june 30, 2020 that would require an additional goodwill impairment assessment beyond our required annual goodwill impairment assessment.
2019 goodwill impairment analyses at the beginning of the quarter ended march 31, 2019, the company realigned the management of certain business processes between reporting units within the same segment. a goodwill allocation was performed between the impacted reporting units based on the relative fair value of the processes realigned. in conjunction with the realignment, a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment was performed both prior to and subsequent to the realignment. the quantitative impairment assessments performed utilized a consistent process with our fiscal 2020 quantitative goodwill impairment assessment described above. the quantitative assessment indicated that all of the impacted reporting units had substantial headroom both prior to and subsequent to the realignment. this impairment assessment performed was sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units.
in conducting our annual goodwill impairment test as of april 1, 2019, we elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether changes in events or circumstances since our most recent quantitative test for goodwill impairment indicated that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. based on its annual analysis, the company determined there was no indication of impairment of goodwill.
2018 goodwill impairment analyses in completing our 2018 annual goodwill impairment analyses, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment for all of our reporting units. the quantitative impairment assessments performed utilized a consistent process with our fiscal 2020 quantitative goodwill impairment assessment described above. the quantitative assessment completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 indicated that all of the reporting units had a substantial amount of headroom. this impairment assessment performed was sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units.
new accounting pronouncements information regarding the accounting policies adopted during fiscal 2020 and those not yet adopted can be found under caption "note 1: description of business and summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements appear in item 8 of this report.
31
subsequent events none non-gaap financial measures this annual report on form 10-k, including "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7, contains financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap). these non-gaap measures include:
●          organic growth

●   adjusted gross margin
●   adjusted net earnings
●   adjusted net earnings growth
●   adjusted effective tax rate we provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. we use these non-gaap measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results.
our non-gaap financial measure of organic growth represents revenue growth excluding revenue from acquisitions within the preceeding 12 months as well as the impact of foreign currency. excluding these measures provides more useful period-to-period comparison of revenue results as it excludes the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, which can vary significantly from period to period, and revenue from acquisitions that would not be included in the comparable prior period.
our non-gaap financial measures for adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, exclude the costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory, amortization of acquisition intangibles, acquisition related expenses inclusive of the changes in fair value of contingent consideration, and other non-recurring items including non-recurring costs and gains. the company excludes amortization of purchased intangible assets, purchase accounting adjustments, including costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory and acquisition-related expenses inclusive of the changes in fair value contingent consideration, and other non-recurring items including gains or losses on legal settlements and one-time assessments from this measure because they occur as a result of specific events, and are not reflective of our internal investments, the costs of developing, producing, supporting and selling our products, and the other ongoing costs to support our operating structure. additionally, these amounts can vary significantly from period to period based on current activity.
the company's non-gaap adjusted operating margin and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, also excludes stock-based compensation expense, which is inclusive of the employer portion of payroll taxes on those stock awards, restructuring, impairments of equity method investments, gain and losses from investments, and certain adjustments to income tax expense. stock-based compensation is excluded from non-gaap adjusted net earnings because of the nature of this charge, specifically the varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions, variety of award types, and unpredictability of amount and timing of employer related tax obligations. impairments of equity investments are excluded as they are not part of our day-to-day operating decisions. additionally, gains and losses from other investments that are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any predictability are excluded.   costs related to restructuring activities, including reducing overhead and consolidating facilities, are excluded because we believe they are not indicative of our normal operating costs. the company independently calculates a non-gaap adjusted tax rate to be applied to the identified non-gaap adjustments considering the impact of discrete items on these adjustments and the jurisdictional mix of the adjustments. in addition, the tax impact of other discrete and non-recurring charges which impact our reported gaap tax rate are adjusted from net earnings. we believe these tax items can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results.
the company periodically reassesses the components of our non-gaap adjustments for changes in how we evaluate our performance, changes in how we make financial and operational decisions, and considers the use of these measures by our competitors and peers to ensure the adjustments are still relevant and meaningful.
readers are encouraged to review the reconciliations of the adjusted financial measures used in management's discussion and analysis of the financial condition of the company to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures provided within the company's consolidated financial statements.
32
