item 1a:   risk factors

the risks described below are not the only risks that we face. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic has impacted our business and could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows.
the global pandemic of the novel strain of the coronavirus (covid-19) has resulted in government authorities implementing numerous measures in an effort to contain the spread of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on gatherings or social distancing requirements, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. these measures have impacted our day-to-day operations and disrupted our business, workforce and operations, as well as the operations of our customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers. the covid-19 pandemic, and the numerous measures implemented by authorities in response, has adversely impacted our results of operations, including increasing costs company-wide and decreasing demand in our industrial automation businesses, but we cannot accurately estimate the full extent of the impact for our 2020 financial results or to our future financial results.
the covid-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic uncertainty in our markets, resulting in a decrease in demand for our industrial automation products. the spread of covid-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including implementing social distancing protocols, suspending employee travel, requiring most employees to work remotely, canceling physical participation in meetings, events and conferences, and extensively and frequently disinfecting our workspaces, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers.
we are continuing to monitor the rapidly evolving situation regarding the covid-19 pandemic and the availability of vaccinations where we do business. however, we are unable to accurately predict the full impact of covid-19, which will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with accuracy, including, but not limited to, any new surges of the virus, the availability of vaccines, further government actions to contain the virus, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
risks associated with teradyne's markets our business is impacted by global and industry-specific economic cycles, which are difficult to predict, and actions we have taken or may take to offset these cycles may not be sufficient.
capital equipment providers in the electronics, semiconductor industries and industrial automation, such as teradyne, have, in the past, been negatively impacted by both sudden slowdowns in the global economies and recurring cyclicality within those industries. these cycles have resulted in periods of over-supply; a trend we believe will continue to occur. our business and results of operations depend, in significant part, upon capital expenditures of manufacturers of semiconductors electronics and other industrial products, which in turn depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for those products. disruption or deterioration in economic conditions may reduce customer purchases of our products, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. in addition, such adverse changes in economic conditions, and resulting slowdowns in the market for our products, may, among other things, result in increased price competition for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories, increased risk in the collectability of our accounts receivable from our customers, potential reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable, increased risk of restructuring charges, and higher operating costs as a percentage of revenues, which, in each case and together, adversely affect our
13
operating results. we are unable to predict the likely duration, frequency and severity of disruptions in financial markets, credit availability, and adverse economic conditions throughout the world, and we cannot ensure that the level of revenues or new orders for a fiscal quarter will be sustained in subsequent quarters. we have taken actions to address the effects of general economic variability and recurring industry cyclicality, including implementing cost control and reduction measures. we cannot predict whether these measures will be sufficient to offset global or market-specific disruptions that might affect our test businesses and we may need to take additional or different measures in the future.
we are subject to intense competition.
we face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. some of our competitors have substantial financial and other resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their products. we also face competition from emerging asian companies and internal development at several of our customers. some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products with certain performance characteristics that may be considered equal or superior to those we currently offer. we expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. new product introductions by competitors could cause a decline in revenues or loss of market acceptance of our products.
the market for our products is concentrated, and our business depends, in part, on obtaining orders from a few significant customers.
the market for our products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. in each of the years, 2020, 2019 and 2018, our five largest direct customers in aggregate accounted for 36%, 27% and 27% of consolidated revenues, respectively.
we estimate consolidated revenues driven by one oem customer, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer's osats (which include taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company ltd.), accounted for approximately 25%, 10% and 13% of our consolidated revenues in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. we estimate consolidated revenues driven by huawei, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer's osats accounted for approximately 3%, 11% and 4% of our consolidated revenues in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. in any one reporting period, a single customer or several customers may contribute even a larger percentage of our consolidated revenues. in addition, our ability to increase sales will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain orders from current or new significant customers. the opportunities to obtain orders from these customers may be limited, which may impair our ability to grow revenues. we expect that sales of our products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable future. the loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders by these customers, including reductions due to market or competitive conditions, would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions or results of operations.
if we fail to develop new technologies to adapt to our customers' needs and if our customers fail to accept our new products, our revenues will be adversely affected.
we believe that our technological position depends primarily on the technical competence and creative ability of our engineers. in a rapidly evolving market, such as ours, the development or acquisition of new technologies, commercialization of those technologies into products and market acceptance and customer demand for those products are critical to our success. successful product development or acquisition, introduction and acceptance depend upon a number of factors, including:
•   new product selection;

14
•   ability to meet customer requirements including with respect to safety and cyber security;

•   development of competitive products by competitors;

•   timely and efficient completion of product design;

•   timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and manufacturing processes;

•   timely remediation of product performance issues, if any, identified during testing;

•   assembly processes and product performance at customer locations;

•   differentiation of our products from our competitors' products;

•   management of customer expectations concerning product capabilities and product life cycles;

•   transition of customers to new product platforms;

•   compliance with product safety regulations;

•   ability to protect products from cyber attacks when used by our customers;

•   ability to attract and retain technical talent; and

•   innovation that does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties.

risks associated with operating a global business we are subject to risks of operating internationally.
a significant portion of our total revenues is derived from customers outside the united states. our international sales and operations are subject to significant risks and difficulties, including:
•   unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements affecting international markets;

•   changes in tariffs and exchange rates;

•   social, political and economic instability, acts of terrorism and international conflicts;

•   disruption caused by health pandemics, such as the coronavirus;

•   difficulties in protecting intellectual property;

•   difficulties in accounts receivable collection;

•   cultural differences in the conduct of business;

•   difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

•   compliance with anti-corruption laws;

•   compliance with data privacy regulations;

•   compliance with customs and trade regulations; and

•   compliance with international tax laws and regulations.

in addition, an increasing portion of our products and the products we purchase from our suppliers are sourced or manufactured in foreign locations, including china and malaysia, and a large portion of the devices our products test are fabricated and tested by foundries and subcontractors in taiwan, china, korea and other parts of asia. as a result, we are subject to a number of economic and other risks, particularly during times of political, health or financial instability in these regions. disruption of manufacturing or supply sources in these
15
international locations could materially adversely impact our ability to fill customer orders and potentially result in lost business.
risks related to teradyne's finances we may not fully realize the benefits of our acquisitions or strategic alliances.
in june 2015, we acquired universal robots, in 2018, we acquired energid and mir and, in 2019, we acquired lemsys and autoguide. we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring or successfully growing these businesses. we may continue to acquire additional businesses, form strategic alliances, or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing businesses. we may not be able to realize the expected synergies and cost savings from the integration with our existing operations of other businesses or technologies that we may acquire. in addition, the integration process for our acquisitions may be complex, costly and time consuming and include unanticipated issues, expenses, and liabilities. we may have difficulty in developing, manufacturing, and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a manner that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines and allows us to realize value from expected synergies. following an acquisition, we may not achieve the revenue or net income levels that justify the acquisition. acquisitions may also result in one-time charges (such as acquisition-related expenses, write-offs or restructuring charges) or in the future, impairment of goodwill or acquired intangible assets that adversely affect our operating results. additionally, we may fund acquisitions of new businesses, strategic alliances, or joint ventures by utilizing our cash, incurring debt, issuing shares of our common stock, or by other means.
we may incur higher tax rates than we expect and may have exposure to additional international tax liabilities and costs.
we are subject to paying income taxes in the united states and various other countries where we operate. our effective tax rate is dependent on where our earnings are generated and the tax regulations and the interpretation and judgment of administrative tax or revenue authorities in the united states and other countries. we have pursued a global tax strategy that could be adversely affected by the mix of earnings and tax rates in the countries where we operate, changes to tax laws, tax regulations or an adverse tax ruling by administrative authorities. we are also subject to tax audits in the countries where we operate. any material change in our tax liability resulting from changes in tax laws, tax regulations, administrative ruling or from an audit from an administrative tax or revenue authority could negatively affect our financial results.
as a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions. in certain foreign jurisdictions, we qualify for tax incentives and tax holidays based on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various tests relating to our employment levels, research and development expenditures and other qualification requirements in a particular foreign jurisdiction. while we intend to operate in such a manner to maintain and maximize our tax incentives and tax holidays, no assurance can be given that we have so qualified or that we will so qualify for any particular year or jurisdiction. if we fail to qualify and to remain qualified for certain foreign tax incentives and tax holidays, we may be subject to further taxation or an increase in our effective tax rate which would adversely impact our financial results. in december 2015, we entered into an agreement with the singapore economic development board which extended, until december 31, 2020, our singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on december 31, 2015. in november 2020, we entered into an agreement with the singapore economic development board which extended our singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on december 31, 2020. the new tax holiday is scheduled to expire on december 31, 2025.
the tax savings attributable to the singapore tax holiday for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $29.9 million or $0.16 per diluted share, $15.1 million or $0.08 per diluted share and $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share, respectively. these tax savings may not be achievable in subsequent years due to changes in singapore's tax laws or the expiration of the tax holiday.
16
in addition, we may incur additional costs, including headcount expenses, in order to maintain or obtain a foreign tax incentive or tax holiday in a particular foreign jurisdiction.
we have significant guarantees, indemnification, and customer confidentiality obligations.
from time to time, we make guarantees to customers regarding the delivery, price and performance of our products and guarantee certain indebtedness, performance obligations or lease commitments of our subsidiary and affiliate companies. we also have agreed to provide indemnification to our officers, directors, employees and agents, to the extent permitted by law, arising from certain events or occurrences, while the officer, director, employee or agent, is or was serving at our request in such capacity. additionally, we have confidentiality obligations to certain customers and if breached would require the payment of significant penalties. if we become liable under any of these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. for additional information see note m: "commitments and contingencies-guarantees and indemnification obligations" in notes to consolidated financial statements.
we may discontinue or reduce our quarterly cash dividend or share repurchase program.
in january 2014, our board of directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend. since 2014, the board of directors has increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.06 per share to $0.10 per share. holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive dividends when and if they are declared by our board of directors.
in january 2015, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program. from january 2015 to april 2020, we repurchased $2.1 billion of common stock. due to the uncertainty regarding the duration, severity and business impact of the covid-19 pandemic, we suspended the stock repurchase program as of april 1, 2020. in january 2021, our board of directors approved a new $2.0 billion share repurchase program. under the share repurchase program, we may repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock from time to time in the open market and through privately negotiated transactions. unless terminated earlier by resolution of our board of directors, the repurchase program will expire when we have repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program.
future cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. while we have declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock and authorized a share repurchase program, we are not required to do either and may reduce or eliminate our cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. the reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
we have incurred indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness.
on december 12, 2016, we completed a private offering of $460.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.25% convertible senior unsecured notes (the "notes") due december 15, 2023 and received net proceeds, after issuance costs, of approximately $450.8 million, $33.0 million of which was used to pay the net cost, after being partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the warrants, of the convertible note hedge transactions and $50.1 million of which was used to repurchase 2.0 million shares of our common stock. holders of the notes may require us to repurchase the notes upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving us or the holders may elect to convert into shares of our common stock. as of february 22, 2021, twenty-four holders had exercised the option to convert $51.0 million worth of notes.
on may 1, 2020, we entered into a three-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $400.0 million. subject to customary conditions, we may seek to obtain from existing or new lenders incremental commitments under the credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $150.0 million. we have
17
not borrowed any funds under this credit facility. we could borrow funds under this credit facility at any time for general corporate purposes and working capital.
the issuance of the notes and any additional indebtedness, among other things, could:
•   make it difficult to make payments on this indebtedness and our other obligations;

•   make it difficult to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes;

•   require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flows from operations to service for indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for other purposes, including capital expenditures; and

•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we compete.

restrictive covenants in the agreement governing our senior secured revolving credit facility may restrict our ability to pursue business strategies.
the agreement governing our senior secured revolving credit facility limits our ability, among other things, to incur additional secured indebtedness; sell, transfer, license or dispose of assets; consolidate or merge; enter into transactions with our affiliates; and incur liens. in addition, our senior secured revolving credit facility contains financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest, such as, subject to permitted exceptions, making capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds, making investments, loans and other advances, and prepaying any additional indebtedness while our indebtedness under our senior secured revolving credit facility is outstanding. our failure to comply with financial and other restrictive covenants could result in an event of default, which if not cured or waived, could result in the lenders requiring immediate payment of all outstanding borrowings or foreclosing on collateral pledged to them to secure the indebtedness.
our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions could impact the value of our stock.
concurrent with the offering of the notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the "note hedge transactions") with the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the "option counterparties"). the note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock that underlie the notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the notes of $31.56. the note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.6 million shares of our common stock.
separately and concurrent with the pricing of the notes, we entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties (the "warrant transactions") in which we sold net-share-settled (or, at our election subject to certain conditions, cash-settled) warrants to the option counterparties. the warrant transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.6 million shares of our common stock. the strike price of the warrants is $39.60 per share. the warrant transactions could have a dilutive effect to our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the warrant transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants.
the note hedge transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the notes. however, the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market value per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. the net cost of the note hedge transactions, after being partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of the warrants, was approximately $33.0 million.
in connection with establishing their initial hedge of these convertible note hedge and warrant transactions, the option counterparties have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock
18
and/or purchase shares of our common stock or other securities, including the notes, concurrent with, or shortly after, the pricing of the notes. in addition, the option counterparties may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or by selling our common stock or other securities, including the notes, in secondary market transactions (and may do so during any observation period related to the conversion of the notes). these activities could adversely impact the value of our common stock and the notes.
we may not be able to pay our debt and other obligations.
if our cash flows are inadequate to meet our obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make required payments on the notes or certain of our other obligations, we would be in default under the terms thereof, which would permit the holders of those obligations to accelerate their maturity and also could cause defaults under future indebtedness we may incur. any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial position and operating results. in addition, we cannot be certain that we would be able to repay amounts due on the notes if those obligations were to be accelerated following the occurrence of any other event of default as defined in the instruments creating those obligations, or if the holders of the notes require us to repurchase the notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change involving us. moreover, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds or will be able to arrange for financing to pay the principal amount due on the notes at maturity.
risks related to operations our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly.
our operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially adversely affect revenues or profitability. the following factors could impact future operations:
•   a worldwide economic slowdown or disruption in the global financial or industrial markets;

•   competitive pressures on selling prices;

•   our ability to introduce, and the market acceptance of, new products;

•   changes in product revenues mix resulting from changes in customer demand;

•   the level of orders received which can be shipped in a quarter because of the tendency of customers to wait until late in a quarter to commit to purchase due to capital expenditure approvals and constraints occurring at the end of a quarter, or the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from a competitor seeking the business;

•   engineering and development investments relating to new product introductions, and the expansion of manufacturing, outsourcing and engineering operations in asia;

•   provisions for excess and obsolete inventory relating to the lack of demand for and the discontinuance of products;

•   impairment charges for certain long-lived and intangible assets, and goodwill;

•   an increase in the leasing of our products to customers;

•   disruption caused by health pandemics, such as the coronavirus;

•   our ability to expand our global distribution channel for our collaborative and mobile robots;

•   parallel or multi-site testing which could lead to a decrease in the ultimate size of the market for our semiconductor and electronic test products; and

•   the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet product quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, especially if consolidated revenues increase.

19
as a result of the foregoing and other factors, we have experienced and may continue to experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or stock price.
if our suppliers do not meet product or delivery requirements, we could have reduced revenues and earnings.
certain components, including semiconductor chips, may be in short supply from time to time because of high industry demand or the inability of some vendors to consistently meet our quality or delivery requirements. if any of our suppliers were to cancel contracts or commitments or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders, have significantly decreased revenues and earnings and be subject to contractual penalties, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, we rely on contract manufacturers for certain subsystems used in our products, and our ability to meet customer orders for those products depends upon the timeliness and quality of the work performed by these subcontractors, over whom we do not exercise any control.
to a certain extent, we are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers and contract manufacturers to help meet increased product or delivery requirements. it may be difficult for certain suppliers to meet delivery requirements in a period of rapid growth, therefore impacting our ability to meet our customers' demands.
our suppliers are subject to trade regulations, including tariffs and export restrictions imposed by the united states government and by the governments of other countries. these regulations could impact our suppliers' ability to provide us with components for our products or could increase the price of those components.
we rely on the financial strength of our suppliers. there can be no assurance that the loss of suppliers either as a result of financial viability, bankruptcy or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our operations may be adversely impacted if our outsourced contract manufacturers or service providers fail to perform.
we depend on flex ltd. ("flex") to manufacture and test our flex and j750 family of products from its facility in china, plexus corp. ("plexus") to manufacture and test our magnum and ets family of products from its facility in malaysia, and on other contract manufacturers to manufacture other products. if for any reason these contract manufacturers cannot provide us with these products in a timely fashion, or at all, we may not be able to sell these products to our customers until we enter a similar arrangement with an alternative contract manufacturer. the flex facility in china may be impacted by the ongoing trade dispute between the united states and china, by regulations implemented by the united states or china, or disruption caused by health pandemics, such as the coronavirus.
if we experience a problem with our supply of products from flex, plexus, or our other contract manufacturers, it may take us significant time to either manufacture the product or find an alternate contract manufacturer, which could result in substantial expense and disruption to our business.
we have also outsourced certain general and administrative functions to reputable service providers, many of which are in foreign countries, sometimes impacting communication with them because of language and time differences. their presence in foreign countries also increases the risk they could be exposed to political risk. additionally, there may be difficulties encountered in coordinating the outsourced operations with existing functions and operations. if we fail in successfully coordinating and managing the outsourced service providers, it may cause an adverse effect on our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
20
our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees.
competition for employees with skills we require is intense in the high technology industry. our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain key technical employees. the loss of one or more key or other employees, a decrease in our ability to attract additional qualified employees, or the delay in hiring key personnel could each have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to risks of natural catastrophic events, widespread health epidemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks and the threat of domestic and international terrorist attacks, any one of which could result in cancellation of orders, delays in deliveries or other business activities, or loss of customers and could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
our business is international in nature, with our sales, service and administrative personnel and our customers and suppliers located in numerous countries throughout the world. our operations, and those of our customers and suppliers, are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, health epidemics, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanic eruptions, energy shortages, telecommunication failures, tsunamis, flooding or other natural disasters. such disruption could materially increase our costs and expenses as well as cause delays in, among other things, shipments of products to our customers, our ability to perform services requested by our customers, or the installation and acceptance of our products at customer sites. any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks related to intellectual property ("ip") and cybersecurity third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation costs, licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products.
we have been sued for patent infringement in the past and receive notifications from time to time that we may be in violation of patents held by others. an assertion of patent infringement against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our products or it could force us to seek a license to the intellectual property rights of others or alter such products so that they no longer infringe the intellectual property rights of others. a license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. similarly, changing our products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or impractical. additionally, patent litigation could require a significant use of management resources and involve a lengthy and expensive defense, even if we eventually prevail. if we do not prevail, we might be forced to pay significant damages, obtain licenses, modify our products, or stop making our products; each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results or cash flows.
if we are unable to protect our ip, we may lose a valuable asset or may incur costly litigation to protect our rights.
we protect the technology that is incorporated in our products in several ways, including through patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection and by contractual agreement. however, even with these protections, our ip may still be challenged, invalidated or subject to other infringement actions. while we believe that our ip has value in the aggregate, no single element of our ip is in itself essential. if a significant portion of our ip is invalidated or ineffective, our business could be materially adversely affected.
a breach of our operational or security systems could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
we rely on various information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including proprietary and confidential data, and to carry out and support a variety of business activities, including manufacturing, research and development, supply chain management, sales and accounting. we have experienced several attempted cyber-attacks of our network. none of the attempted attacks has caused a
21
disruption to our operations or had a material adverse effect on our business or financial results. as a result of the attempts, we have taken further preventive security measures to protect our systems. despite these preventative security measures we have implemented, we may continue to be vulnerable to attempts by third parties to gain unauthorized access to our networks or sabotage our systems. these attempts, which might be related to criminal hackers, industrial espionage or state-sponsored intrusions, include trying to covertly introduce malware to our computers, networks and systems and impersonating authorized users. in addition, third party suppliers and service providers that we rely on to manage our networks and systems and process and store our proprietary and confidential data may also be subject to similar attacks. such attempts could result in the misappropriation, theft, misuse, disclosure or loss or destruction of the intellectual property, or the proprietary, confidential or personal information, of teradyne or our employees, customers, suppliers or other third parties, as well as damage to or disruptions in our information technology networks and systems. these threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. while we seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems may be successful, and in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. for example, we recently became aware that one of our vendors providing it infrastructure management software, solarwinds corporation, had been compromised by cyber-attacks. although we have not identified any compromise of our it systems due to the use of solarwinds software to date, we continue to monitor our network for any potential impact related to the solarwinds cyber-attack. a failure in or a breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our suppliers and other service providers, including as a result of the solarwinds or any other cyber-attacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results, disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, damage our reputation, cause losses and increase our costs. we expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our information technology networks and systems.
a breach of the security of our products could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
we may be subject to security breaches of certain of our products caused by viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties or our employees or contractors. a breach of our product security systems could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results, disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, damage our reputation, cause losses, and increase our costs. we expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our products.
risks related to legal and regulatory compliance the implementation of tariffs on our products may have a material impact on our business.
our business operations and supply chain are global and may be disrupted by the implementation of tariffs.
in 2018, the united states trade representative imposed a 25% tariff on many lists of products, including certain teradyne products that are made in china and imported into the united states. we have implemented operational changes that mitigate the impact of the 25% tariff on the import of our impacted products into the united states. as a result, the existing tariff has not had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. the implementation of additional tariffs by the united states could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition to the actions taken by the united states, china has implemented retaliatory tariffs on products made in the united states and imported into china, including certain teradyne products. we have implemented, if appropriate, operational changes that would mitigate the impact of the retaliatory tariffs. however, notwithstanding our efforts, the retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by china could disrupt our business operations, sales and supply chain and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
22
trade regulations and restrictions impact our ability to sell products to and support certain customers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
we are subject to u.s. laws and regulations that limit and restrict the export of some of our products and services and may restrict our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons. in certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies, and in other circumstances we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. we must also comply with export restrictions and laws imposed by other countries affecting trade and investments. we maintain an export compliance program but there are risks that the compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. compliance with these laws has not significantly limited our sales but could significantly limit them in the future. changes in, and responses to, u.s. trade policy could reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to drop, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in 2018, the united states department of commerce announced that it has commenced a review of new export controls focusing on emerging and foundational technologies. the new export controls could cover technologies used in one or more teradyne products and therefore could impact the sales of certain teradyne products.
the u.s. government from time to time has issued export restrictions that prohibit u.s. companies from exporting u.s. manufactured products, foreign manufactured products with more than 25% controlled u.s. content, as well as u.s. origin technology. for example, the u.s. department of commerce has restricted the access of u.s. origin technologies to certain chinese companies by adding those companies to the entity list under u.s. export administration regulations ("ear").
on may 16, 2019, huawei and 68 of its affiliates, including hisilicon, were added to the u.s. department of commerce entity list under the ear. this action by the u.s. department of commerce imposes new export licensing requirements on exports, re-exports, and in-country transfers of all u.s. regulated products, software and technology to the designated huawei entities. while most of our products are not subject to the ear and therefore not affected by the entity list restrictions, certain of our products are currently manufactured in the u.s. and thus subject to the entity list restrictions. the addition of huawei entities, including hisilicon, to the entity list in may 2019 did not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
on august 17, 2020, the u.s. department of commerce published final regulations expanding the scope of the u.s. ear to include additional products that would become subject to export restrictions relating to huawei entities including hisilicon. these new regulations restrict the sale to huawei and the designated huawei entities of certain non-u.s. made items, such as semiconductor devices, manufactured for or sold to huawei entities including hisilicon under specific, detailed conditions set forth in the new regulations. these new regulations have impacted our sales to huawei, hisilicon and their suppliers. we are taking appropriate actions, including filing license applications and obtaining licenses from the u.s. department of commerce as well as working with the u.s. regulators to clarify the scope of the restrictions. however, we cannot be certain that the actions we take will mitigate the risks associated with the new export controls that impact our business. it is uncertain the extent these new regulations and any other additional regulations that may be implemented by the u.s. department of commerce or other government agency may have on our business and financial results. also, our controls related to entity list compliance could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. even if such restrictions are lifted, any financial or other penalties or continuing export restrictions imposed on huawei could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
on april 28, 2020, the u.s. department of commerce published new export control regulations for certain u.s. products and technology sold to military end users or for military end-use in china, russia and venezuela. the definition of military end user is broad. the regulations went into effect on june 29, 2020. in december 2020, the u.s. department of commerce issued a list of companies in china and other countries that it considered to be military end users. we do not expect that compliance with the new export controls will
23
significantly impact our ability to sell products to our customers in china or to manufacture products in china. the new export controls, however, could disrupt our supply chain, increase our compliance costs and impact the demand for our products in china and, thus, have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, while we maintain an export compliance program, our compliance controls could be circumvented, exposing us to legal liabilities. we will continue to assess the potential impact of the new export controls on our business and operations and take appropriate actions, including filing for licenses with the u.s. department of commerce, to minimize any disruption. however, we cannot be certain that the actions we take will mitigate all the risks associated with the new export controls that may impact our business.
in response to the regulations issued by the u.s. department of commerce, the chinese government has passed new laws, including blocking legislation, which may impact our business activities in china. the company is assessing the potential impact of these new chinese laws and monitoring relevant laws and regulations issued by the chinese government. the impact of these new chinese laws on our business activities in china remains uncertain at this time.
we may be subject to product recalls and warranty and product liability claims.
we invest significant resources in the design, manufacture and testing of our products. however, we may discover design or manufacturing defects in our products after they have been shipped and, as a result, we may incur development and remediation costs and be required to settle warranty and product liability claims. in addition, if any of our products contain defects or have reliability, quality or safety issues, we may need to conduct a product recall which could result in significant repair or replacement costs and substantial delays in product shipments and may damage our reputation which could make it more difficult to sell our products. any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with environmental regulations.
we are subject to both domestic and international environmental regulations and statutory strict liability relating to the use, storage, discharge, site cleanup and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. if we fail to comply with present and future regulations, or are required to perform site remediation, we could be subject to future liabilities or cost, including penalties or the suspension of production. present and future regulations may also:
•   restrict our ability to expand facilities;

•   restrict our ability to ship certain products;

•   require us to modify our operations logistics;

•   require us to acquire costly equipment; or

•   require us to incur other significant costs and expenses.

pursuant to present regulations and agreements, we are conducting groundwater and subsurface assessment and monitoring and are implementing remediation and corrective action plans for facilities located in massachusetts and new hampshire which are no longer conducting manufacturing operations. as of december 31, 2020, we have not incurred material costs as a result of the monitoring and remediation steps taken at the massachusetts and new hampshire sites.
the directive on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (the "rohs directive") and the directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment (the "weee directive") altered the form and manner in which electronic equipment is imported, sold and handled in the european union. other jurisdictions, such as china, have followed the european union's lead in enacting legislation with respect to hazardous substances and waste removal. ensuring compliance with the rohs directive, the weee directive and similar legislation in other jurisdictions, and integrating compliance activities
24
with our suppliers and customers could result in additional costs and disruption to operations and logistics and thus, could have a negative impact on our business, operations or financial condition.
we currently are, and in the future may be, subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings that could have an adverse effect on our business.
from time to time, we may be subject to litigation or other administrative, regulatory or governmental proceedings, including tax audits and resulting claims that could require significant management time and resources and cause us to incur expenses and, in the event of an adverse decision, pay damages or incur costs in an amount that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
we may face risks associated with shareholder activism.
we may become subject to campaigns by shareholders advocating corporate actions such as financial restructuring, increased borrowing, special dividends, stock repurchases or divestitures. such activities could interfere with our ability to execute our business plans, be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of management, or result in our initiating borrowing or increasing our share repurchase plan or dividend, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business or stock price.
provisions of our charter and by-laws and massachusetts law may make a takeover of teradyne more difficult.
there are provisions in our basic corporate documents and under massachusetts law that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control may be regarded as beneficial to some or all of our stockholders.
item 7:   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

overview we are a leading global supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. we design, develop, manufacture and sell automatic test systems used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in many industries including consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications, and aerospace and defense industries. our industrial automation products include collaborative robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots ("amrs") and advanced robotic control software used by global manufacturing, logistics and light industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing and material handling efficiency and decrease manufacturing and logistics costs. our automatic test equipment and industrial automation products and services include:
•   semiconductor test ("semiconductor test") systems;

•   storage and system level test ("storage test") systems, defense/aerospace ("defense/aerospace") test instrumentation and systems and circuit-board test and inspection ("production board test") systems (collectively these products represent "system test");

26
•   wireless test ("wireless test") systems; and

•   industrial automation ("industrial automation") products.

the market for our test products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. a few customers drive significant demand for our test products both through direct sales and sales to the customers' supply partners. we expect that sales of our test products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable future.
we have grown our industrial automation business through acquisitions, including mobile industrial robots a/s ("mir"), a leading maker of collaborative autonomous mobile robots ("amrs") for industrial applications, in 2018 and autoguide, llc ("autoguide"), a maker of high payload amrs, in 2019. the market for our industrial automation products is dependent on the adoption of new automation technologies by large manufacturers as well as small and medium enterprises (smes) throughout the world. in 2020, our industrial automation businesses were negatively impacted by the global industrial downturn as well as the covid-19 pandemic.
in 2020, revenue in our test businesses exceeded our plan as a result of semiconductor test demand by our largest customer, early 5g test investments and strength in our system test businesses. the revenue of our industrial automation business was below our plan. in 2021, we expect strong momentum in our test businesses and return to growth for industrial automation.
our strategy is to focus on profitably growing market share in our test businesses the introduction of differentiated products that target growth segments, and accelerating growth through continued investment in our industrial automation businesses. we plan to execute on our strategy while balancing capital allocations between returning capital to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases and using capital for with opportunistic acquisitions.
impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business the novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic has resulted in government authorities implementing numerous measures in an effort to contain the spread of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on gatherings or social distancing requirements, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. these measures have impacted our day-to-day operations and disrupted our business, workforce and operations, as well as the operations of our customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers. we are continuing to monitor the rapidly evolving situation regarding the covid-19 pandemic and the availability and impact of vaccinations. however, we are unable to accurately predict the full impact of covid-19, which will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with accuracy, including, but not limited to, any new surges in areas where we do business, the availability of vaccinations, any further government actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
health and safety in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have taken proactive, aggressive action to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers and we have complied with all government orders around the globe. the spread of covid-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including implementing social distancing protocols, suspending employee travel, requiring most employees to work remotely, cancelling physical participation in meetings, and extensively and frequently disinfecting our workspaces. around the world, the majority of our employees are working from home. however, some of our engineering, operations, supply line and customer support teams must be on-site at our or our customers'
27
facilities. we are providing those on-site employees with the necessary protective resources and procedures to minimize their exposure risk. we may take further actions as may be required or recommended by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers.
operations we believe the covid-19 pandemic, and the numerous measures implemented by authorities in response, has adversely impacted our results of operations, including by increasing costs and decreasing demand in our industrial automation businesses, but we cannot accurately estimate the amount of the impact to our 2020 financial results or to our future financial results. in addition, the pandemic has disrupted our contract manufacturers and suppliers, and has resulted in some instances in short-term cost increases to meet customer demand. while the duration and severity of the pandemic may further impact our workforce and operations, as well as those of our customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers, we expect that our manufacturing facilities will remain operational, at sufficient capacity to support production demand. we are monitoring our operations closely in an effort to avoid any potential productivity loss caused by responses to the covid-19 pandemic.
supply we have not experienced any significant impacts or interruptions to our supply chain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. however, our suppliers have faced and may continue to face difficulties maintaining operations in light of government-ordered restrictions, including social distancing requirements and shelter-in-place mandates. our supply chain team, and our suppliers, overcame numerous supply, production, and logistics obstacles in 2020, but there is no assurance we or they will be able to do so in the future. although we regularly monitor the financial health of companies in our supply chain, financial hardship on our suppliers or sub-suppliers caused by the covid-19 pandemic could disrupt our ability to obtain components required to manufacture our products, adversely affecting our operations and in some instances result in higher costs and delays, both for obtaining components and shipping finished goods to customers, which could harm our profitability, make our products less competitive, or cause our customers to seek alternative suppliers.
demand the covid-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic uncertainty in our markets. demand for our test products was strong throughout 2020. while there was incremental softening in the automotive sector in 2020, there was strengthening demand in mobility, 5g, and memory test. our industrial automation business, however, experienced a significant decline in demand through first half of 2020 due to covid-19 related shutdowns affecting global manufacturing but demand recovered in the second half of 2020 from the low point in the second quarter. the covid-19 pandemic could cause further global economic disruption that could cause demand for our products to decline, which would adversely affect our business.
liquidity although there is continued uncertainty related to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our future results, we believe our business model and our current cash reserves leave us well-positioned to manage our business through this crisis. we have a strong balance sheet as well as an operating model that we believe is capable of flexing up and down with extreme demand swings while still remaining profitable. based on our analysis, we believe our existing balances of cash and cash equivalents and our currently anticipated operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs and other capital and liquidity requirements for the next twelve months. however, due to the uncertainty related to the future impact of the covid-19 pandemic,
28
in order to bolster our liquidity position, on may 1, 2020 we entered into a credit agreement providing for a three-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of $400 million as further described in note j: "debt." as of february 22, 2020, we have not borrowed any funds under the credit facility.
we are continuing to monitor the evolving situation regarding the covid-19 pandemic, the availability of vaccinations where we do business and guidance from government authorities around the world. in these circumstances, there may be developments outside our control requiring us to adjust our operating plan. as a result, given the uncertain nature of this situation, we are not able to accurately predict the full extent of the impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or cash flows in the future. in addition, see part ii-item 1a, "risk factors," included herein for updates to our risk factors regarding risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
critical accounting policies and estimates we have identified the policies discussed below as critical to understanding our business and our results of operations and financial condition. the impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations is discussed throughout management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results.
due to the covid-19 pandemic, there has been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and our markets. we are not aware of any specific event or circumstance that would require an update to our estimates or judgments or a revision of the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of february 22, 2021, the date of issuance of this annual report on form 10-k.
these estimates may change, as new events occur, and additional information is obtained. actual results could differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
revenue from contracts with customers in accordance with asc 606, "revenue from contracts with customers" ("asc 606"), we recognize revenues, when or as control is transferred to a customer. our determination of revenue is dependent upon a five step process outlined below.
•   we account for a contract with a customer when there is written approval, the contract is committed, the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection.

•   we periodically enter into contracts with customers in which a customer may purchase a combination of goods and services, such as products with extended warranty obligations. we determine performance obligations by assessing whether the products or services are distinct from the other elements of the contract. in order to be distinct, the product or service must perform either on its own or with readily available resources and must be separate within the context of the contract.

•   we consider the amount stated on the face of the purchase order to be the transaction price. we do not have variable consideration which could impact the stated purchase price agreed to by us and the customer.

•   transaction price is allocated to each individual performance obligation based on the standalone selling price of that performance obligation. we use standalone transactions when available to value each performance obligation. if standalone transactions are not available, we will estimate the standalone selling price through market assessments or cost plus a reasonable margin analysis. any discounts from standalone selling price are spread proportionally to each performance obligation.

29
•   in order to determine the appropriate timing for revenue recognition, we first determine if the transaction meets any of three criteria for over time recognition. if the transaction meets the criteria for over time recognition, we recognize revenue as the good or service is delivered. we use input variables such as hours or months utilized or costs incurred to determine the amount of revenue to recognize in a given period. input variables are used as they best align consumption with benefit to the customer. for transactions that do not meet the criteria for over time recognition, we will recognize revenue at a point in time based on an assessment of the five criteria for transfer of control. we have concluded that revenue should be recognized when shipped or delivered based on contractual terms. typically, acceptance of our products and services is a formality as we deliver similar systems, instruments and robots to standard specifications. in cases where acceptance is not deemed a formality, we will defer revenue recognition until customer acceptance.

translation of non-u.s. currencies the functional currency for all non-u.s. subsidiaries is the u.s. dollar, except for universal robots, mir and lemsys for which the local currency is its functional currency. all foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured on a monthly basis into the functional currency using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. all foreign currency denominated non-monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into the functional currency using historical exchange rates. net foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are included in other (income) expense, net. for universal robots, mir and lemsys, assets and liabilities are translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. revenues and expense amounts are translated using an average of exchange rates in effect during the period. translation adjustments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the balance sheet.
retirement and postretirement plans we recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of the plan assets in our operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. we calculate the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. actuarial gains and losses are generally measured annually as of december 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans.
in march 2017, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued asu 2017-07, "compensation-retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost." we retrospectively adopted the new accounting guidance on presentation of net periodic pension costs and net periodic postretirement benefit costs in the first quarter of 2018. this guidance requires the service cost component of net benefit costs to be reported in the same line item in the consolidated statement of operations as other employee compensation costs. the non-service components of net benefit costs such as interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service cost, and actuarial gains or losses, are required to be reported separately outside of income or loss from operations. following the adoption of this guidance, we continue to record the service cost component in the same line item as other employee compensation costs and the non-service components of net benefit costs such as interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service cost, and actuarial gains or losses are reported within other (income) expense, net.
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost using a standard costing system which approximates cost based on a first-in, first-out basis or net realizable value. on a quarterly basis, we use consistent methodologies to evaluate all inventories for net realizable value. we record a provision for both excess and obsolete inventory when such
30
write-downs or write-offs are identified through the quarterly review process. the inventory valuation is based upon assumptions about future demand, product mix, and possible alternative uses.
equity incentive and stock purchase plans stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of asc 718, "compensation-stock compensation." upon adoption of asu 2016-09, "compensation-stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting," in the first quarter of 2017, we made an accounting policy election to continue accounting for forfeitures by applying an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizing compensation costs only for those stock- based compensation awards expected to vest. in accordance with asu 2016-09, excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are recognized as a discrete tax benefit or discrete tax expense to the current income tax provision in our consolidated statements of operations and are reported as cash flows from operating activities. all cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employees' behalf for withheld shares are presented as financing activities on the statement of cash flows. in 2020, 2019 and 2018, we recognized a discrete tax benefit of $9.6 million, $4.9 million and $7.6 million, respectively, related to net excess tax benefit.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. the measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. we performed the required assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the net deferred tax assets in accordance with asc 740, "accounting for income taxes." this assessment included the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, estimates of projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies. although realization is not assured, based on our assessment, we concluded that it is more likely than not that such assets, net of the existing valuation allowance, will be realized.
investments we account for our investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with the provisions of asc 320-10, "investments-debt and equity securities." on a quarterly basis, we review our investments to identify and evaluate those that have an indication of a potential other-than-temporary impairment. factors considered in determining whether a loss is other-than-temporary include:
•   the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost;

•   the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and

•   the intent and ability to retain the investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.

investment in other companies we account for investments in other companies at cost and evaluate for impairment or an indication of changes in fair value resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer on a quarterly basis.
financial assets and financial liabilities in january 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-01, "financial instruments-overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities." we adopted the new accounting
31
guidance in the first quarter of 2018 using the modified retrospective approach. this guidance requires that changes in fair value of equity marketable securities be accounted for directly in earnings. previously, the changes in fair value of equity marketable securities were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the balance sheet. we continue to record realized gains in interest income and realized losses in interest expense. the adoption of this new accounting guidance increased the january 1, 2018 retained earnings balance by $3.1 million and decreased the accumulated other comprehensive income balance by the same amount.
credit losses in june 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-13, "financial instruments-credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments." this standard introduced the expected credit losses methodology for the measurement of credit losses on financial assets that are not measured at fair value through net income and replaces the "incurred loss" model with an "expected credit loss" model that requires consideration of a broader range of information to estimate expected credit losses over the lifetime of the asset. we adopted this standard on january 1, 2020 on a modified retrospective basis. the adoption of asu 2016-13 did not have a material impact on our consolidated statement of operations, balance sheets, cash flows, or earnings per share.
goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets on january 26, 2017, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued asu 2017-04, "intangibles-goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment." the new guidance removes step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. we adopted this standard on january 1, 2020, on a prospective basis. the adoption of asu 2017-04 did not have a material impact on the consolidated statement of operations, cash flows, or earnings per share. we assess goodwill for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, as of december 31, on a reporting unit basis, or more frequently, when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. under asu 2017-04, goodwill impairment will be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. all other goodwill impairment guidance will remain largely unchanged. entities will continue to have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. the same one-step impairment test will be applied to goodwill at all reporting units, even those with zero or negative carrying amounts. entities will be required to disclose the amount of goodwill at reporting units with zero or negative carrying amounts. no goodwill impairment was identified in 2020, 2019 and 2018.
we assess the impairment of intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors we consider important in the determination of an impairment include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner that we use the acquired asset and significant negative industry or economic trends.
business combination we recognize the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. the fair value of identifiable intangible assets is based on detailed cash flows valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management. we estimate the fair value of contingent consideration at the time of the acquisition using all pertinent information known to us at the time to assess the probability of payment of contingent amounts or through the use of a monte carlo simulation model. we allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed to goodwill. the assumptions used in the valuations for our acquisitions may differ materially from actual results depending on performance of the acquired businesses and other factors. while we believe the
32
assumptions used were appropriate, different assumptions in the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed could have a material impact on the timing and extent of impact on our statements of operations. goodwill is assigned to reporting units as of the date of the related acquisition.
results of operations information pertaining to fiscal year 2018 results of operations, including a year-to-year comparison against fiscal year 2019, was included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 under part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial position and results of operations," which was filed with the sec on march 2, 2020. this information is incorporated by reference herein.
the following table sets forth the percentage of total net revenues included in our consolidated statements of operations:
years ended december 31,
2020                     2019
percentage of revenues:
revenues:
products                                                                                                          86.2   %                    82.3   %
services                                                                                                          13.8                        17.7
total revenues                                                                                                   100.0                       100.0
cost of revenues:
cost of products                                                                                                  37.1                        34.1
cost of services                                                                                                   5.7                         7.5
total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired intangible assets amortization shown separately below)              42.8                        41.6
gross profit                                                                                                      57.2                        58.4
operating expenses:
selling and administrative                                                                                        14.9                        19.0
engineering and development                                                                                       12.0                        14.1
acquired intangible assets amortization                                                                            1.0                         1.7
restructuring and other                                                                                           (0.4   )                    (0.6   )
total operating expenses                                                                                          27.5                        34.3
income from operations                                                                                            29.7                        24.1
non-operating (income) expenses:
interest income                                                                                                   (0.2   )                    (0.7   )
interest expense                                                                                                   0.8                         1.0
other (income) expense, net                                                                                        0.3                         1.0
income before income taxes                                                                                        28.9                        22.9
income tax provision                                                                                               3.7                         2.5
net income                                                                                                        25.1   %                    20.4   %
33
revenues revenues for our reportable segments were as follows:
2020                  2019                         2019-2020
dollar change
(in millions)
semiconductor test             $2,259.6                  $1,552.6             $707.0
system test                       409.7                     287.5              122.2
industrial automation             279.7                     298.1              (18.4   )
wireless test                     173.0                     157.3               15.7
corporate and other                (0.6   )                  (0.5   )           (0.1   )
$3,121.5                  $2,295.0             $826.5
the increase in semiconductor test revenues of $707.0 million, or 45.5%, was driven primarily by an increase in semiconductor mobility test sales resulting from increased complexity of cell phone silicon which drives demand for testers, and an increase in memory test sales of flash and dram testers. the increase in system test revenues of $122.2 million, or 42.5%, was primarily due to higher sales in storage test of system level and hard disk drive testers, and higher sales in defense/aerospace test instrumentation and systems, partially offset by lower sales in production board test due to lower automotive electronics demand. the decrease in industrial automation revenues of $18.4 million, or 6.2%, was primarily due to lower demand for collaborative robotic arms in the automotive and manufacturing markets amplified by the impacts of covid-19. the increase in wireless test revenues of $15.7 million, or 10.0%, was primarily due to increased sales of 5g, wifi 6 and wifi 6e testers.
our reportable segments accounted for the following percentages of consolidated revenues:
2020            2019
semiconductor test             72   %          68   %
system test                    13              13
industrial automation           9              13
wireless test                   6               7
100   %         100   %
revenues by country as a percentage of total revenues were as follows (1):
2020            2019
taiwan                     38   %          21   %
china                      15              22
korea                      13              10
united states              10              15
europe                      7              10
japan                       5               8
thailand                    4               4
singapore                   2               4
malaysia                    2               3
philippines                 2               2
rest of the world           2               2
100   %         100   %
(1)   revenues attributable to a country are based on the location of the customer site.

34
the breakout of product and service revenues was as follows:
2020                  2019                        2019-2020
dollar change
(in millions)
product revenues          $2,690.9              $1,887.7                $803.2
service revenues             430.6                 407.3                  23.3
$3,121.5              $2,295.0                $826.5
our product revenues increased $803.2 million, or 42.5%, primarily due to higher sales in semiconductor test mobility test segment, higher sales of flash and dram testers, higher sales in storage test of system level and hard disk drive testers, and higher sales in wireless test of 5g, wifi 6 and wifi 6e testers, partially offset by a decrease in sales in industrial automation. service revenues increased $23.3 million or 5.7%.
in 2020, revenues from taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company ltd., a customer of our semiconductor test segment, accounted for 15% of our consolidated revenues. in 2019, no single direct customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues. in 2020 and 2019, our five largest direct customers in aggregate accounted for 36% and 27% of our consolidated revenues, respectively.
we estimate consolidated revenues driven by one oem customer, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer's osats, accounted for approximately 25% and 10% of our consolidated revenues in 2020 and 2019, respectively. we estimate consolidated revenues driven by huawei technologies co. ltd. ("huawei"), combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer's osats, accounted for approximately 3% and 11% of our consolidated revenues in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
gross profit
2020                   2019                           2019-2020
dollar /
point change
(dollars in millions)
gross profit                       $1,785.7                $1,339.8                  $445.9
percent of total revenues              57.2    %               58.4    %               (1.2   )
gross profit as a percent of total revenues decreased by 1.2 points, primarily due to product mix in semiconductor test.
the breakout of product and service gross profit was as follows:
2020                   2019                           2019-2020
dollar /
point change
(dollars in millions)
product gross profit                 $1,533.4                $1,105.6                  $427.8
percent of product revenues              57.0    %               58.6    %               (1.6   )
service gross profit                   $252.3                  $234.2                   $18.1
percent of service revenues              58.6    %               57.5    %                1.1
we assess the carrying value of our inventory on a quarterly basis by estimating future demand and comparing that demand against on-hand and on-order inventory positions. forecasted revenues information is obtained from the sales and marketing groups and incorporates factors such as backlog and future consolidated
35
revenues. this quarterly process identifies obsolete and excess inventory. obsolete inventory, which represents items for which there is no demand, is fully reserved. excess inventory, which represents inventory items that are not expected to be consumed during the next twelve quarters for our semiconductor test, industrial automation and system test segments and next four quarters for our wireless test segment, is written-down to estimated net realizable value.
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded an inventory provision of $17.5 million included in cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain products. of the $17.5 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $11.0 million was related to semiconductor test, $4.8 million was related to wireless test, $0.9 million was related to system test, and $0.8 million was related to industrial automation.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded an inventory provision of $15.2 million included in cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain products. of the $15.2 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $8.7 million was related to semiconductor test, $4.0 million was related to wireless test, $2.0 million was related to system test, and $0.5 million was related to industrial automation.
during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, we scrapped $7.7 million and $9.2 million of inventory, respectively, and sold $2.3 million and $3.2 million of previously written-down or written-off inventory, respectively. as of december 31, 2020, we had inventory related reserves for amounts which had been written-down or written-off totaling $110.6 million. we have no pre-determined timeline to scrap the remaining inventory.
selling and administrative selling and administrative expenses were as follows:
2020                 2019                         2019-2020
change
(dollars in millions)
selling and administrative          $464.8                $437.1                   $27.7
percent of total revenues             14.9    %             19.0    %
the increase of $27.7 million in selling and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher variable compensation.
engineering and development engineering and development expenses were as follows:
2020                 2019                         2019-2020
change
(dollars in millions)
engineering and development          $375.0                $322.8                   $52.1
percent of total revenues              12.0    %             14.1    %
the increase of $52.1 million in engineering and development expenses was primarily due to higher variable compensation and higher spending across all segments.
restructuring and other during the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded a $19.7 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the autoguide contingent consideration liability, and a $3.5 million gain for the decrease in the fair
36
value of the mir contingent consideration liability, partially offset by a $4.0 million contract termination settlement charge, $2.5 million of acquisition related compensation and expenses, $2.3 million of severance charges primarily in industrial automation, and $1.2 million of other expenses.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we recorded a $22.2 million gain for the decrease in the fair value of the mir contingent consideration liability, partially offset by a $3.0 million gain for the increase in the fair value of the autoguide contingent consideration, $2.9 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions primarily in semiconductor test and industrial automation, and $2.5 million for acquisition related expenses and compensation.
the remaining accrual for severance of $0.5 million is reflected in the accrued employees' compensation and withholdings on the balance sheet and is expected to be paid by march 2021.
interest and other
2020              2019                         2019-2020
change
(in millions)
interest income                     $(6.0   )                $(17.0   )          $11.0
interest expense                     24.2                      22.2                2.0
other (income) expense, net           9.2                      22.6              (13.5   )
interest income decreased by $11.0 million primarily due to lower interest rates in 2020 compared to 2019. interest expense increased by $2.0 million primarily due to interest expense related to our convertible senior notes and revolving credit facility costs. other (income) expense, net decreased by $13.5 million primarily due to a $15.0 million charge for the impairment of the investment in realwear in 2019, partially offset by a $2.1 million increase in pension actuarial losses from $8.2 million losses in 2019 to $10.3 million losses in 2020.
income (loss) before income taxes
2020                  2019                         2019-2020
change
(in millions)
semiconductor test                 $739.7                $417.0                 $322.7
system test                         152.1                  93.5                   58.6
wireless test                        42.0                  35.6                    6.4
industrial automation               (24.0   )              (5.9   )              (18.1   )
corporate and other (1)              (8.7   )             (14.4   )                5.7
$901.0                $525.8                 $375.3
(1)   included in corporate and other are: contingent consideration adjustments, investment impairment, employee severance charges, interest (income) and expense, net foreign exchange (gains) and losses, pension and postretirement plan actuarial (gains) and losses and settlement charges, intercompany eliminations, and certain acquisition related charges and compensation.

the increase in income before income taxes in semiconductor test was driven primarily by an increase in semiconductor mobility test sales resulting from increased complexity of cell phone silicon which drives demand for testers, and an increase in memory test sales of flash and dram testers. the increase in income before income taxes in system test was primarily due to higher sales in storage test of system level and hard disk drive testers, and higher sales in defense/aerospace test of instrumentation and systems, partially offset by lower sales in production board due to lower automotive electronics demand. the increase in income before income taxes in wireless test was primarily due to increased sales of 5g, wifi 6 and wifi 6e testers. the decrease in income before income taxes in industrial automation was primarily due to lower demand for collaborative robotic arms in the automotive and manufacturing markets amplified by the impacts of covid-19.
37
income taxes income tax expense for 2020, 2019 and 2018 totaled $116.9 million, $58.3 million and $16.0 million, respectively. the effective tax rate for 2020, 2019 and 2018 was 13.0%, 11.1% and 3.4%, respectively.
the increase in the effective tax rate from 2019 to 2020 is primarily attributable to a reduction in the benefit from releases of reserves for uncertain tax positions and a reduction in the benefit from foreign tax credits. these increases in expense were partially offset by a decrease in the transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and shift in the geographic distribution of income, which increases the income subject to taxation in lower tax rate jurisdictions relative to higher tax rate jurisdictions.
in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded $186.0 million of additional income tax expense which represented our best estimate of the impact of the tax reform act in accordance with our understanding of the tax reform act and available guidance as of that date. the $186.0 million was primarily composed of expense of $161.0 million related to the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, $33.6 million of expense related to the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, and benefit of $10.3 million associated with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions. in accordance with the requirements of sec staff accounting bulletin ("sab") no. 118, "income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act", in the fourth quarter of 2018, we completed our analysis of the effect of the tax reform act based on the application of the guidance available as of december 31, 2018 and recorded $49.5 million of net income tax benefit. the net benefit consisted of $51.7 million of benefit resulting from a reduction in the estimate of the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and an expense of $2.2 million associated with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions.
the increase in the effective tax rate from 2018 to 2019 is primarily attributable to increases in expense associated with u.s. global intangible low-taxed income and u.s. transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. these increases in expense were partially offset by increased benefit from the u.s. foreign derived intangible income deduction, an increase in the benefit from foreign tax credits and the benefit from a net reduction in reserves for uncertain tax positions.
we qualify for a tax holiday in singapore by fulfilling the requirements of an agreement with the singapore economic development board under which certain headcount and spending requirements must be met. the tax savings attributable to the singapore tax holiday for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $29.9 million or $0.16 per diluted share, $15.1 million or $0.08 per diluted share and $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share, respectively. in november 2020, we entered into an agreement with the singapore economic development board which extended our singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on december 31, 2020. the new tax holiday is scheduled to expire on december 31, 2025.
38
contractual obligations the following table reflects our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020:
payments due by period total                     less than                          1-3           3-5                    more than                other
1 year                           years           years                  5 years
(in thousands)
purchase obligations                                                        $603,464                  $592,058                       $11,406           $-                     $-                       $-
convertible debt                                                                    459,971                  37,397                  422,574                 -                       -                       -
retirement plans contributions                                                      156,592                   5,551                   10,598                 10,426                  130,017                 -
transition tax payable (1)                                                           82,820                   7,889                   15,795                 34,540                  24,596                  -
operating lease obligations                                                          71,457                  22,631                   27,371                 13,839                  7,616                   -
interest on long term debt                                                           15,928                   5,364                   10,564                 -                       -                       -
fair value of contingent consideration                                                7,227                       -                    7,227                 -                       -                       -
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet under gaap (2)            88,532                       -                   51,165                 6,787            407                            30,173
total                                                                       $1,485,991                $670,890                      $556,700           $65,592                $162,636                 $30,173
(1)   represents the transition tax liability associated with our accumulated foreign earnings as a result of enactment of the tax reform act on december 22, 2017.

(2)   included in other long-term liabilities are liabilities for customer advances, extended warranty, uncertain tax positions, deferred tax liabilities and other obligations. for certain long-term obligations, we are unable to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future payments relating to these obligations and therefore we included these amounts in the column marked "other."

liquidity and capital resources our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance increased by $539 million in 2020 to $1,554 million.
operating activities during 2020 provided cash of $868.9 million. changes in operating assets and liabilities used cash of $69.4 million. this was due to a $202.3 million increase in operating assets and a $132.9 million increase in operating liabilities.
the increase in operating assets was due to a $129.5 million increase in accounts receivable due to increased sales, an $8.4 million increase in inventories, and a $64.4 million increase in prepayments and other assets.
the increase in operating liabilities was due to a $54.7 million increase in accrued employee compensation, a $40.0 million increase in deferred revenue and customer advance payments, a $25.2 million increase in income taxes, a $12.8 million increase in other accrued liabilities, and a $5.7 million increase in accounts payable, partially offset by $5.4 million of retirement plan contributions.
investing activities during 2020 used cash of $569.8 million, due to $900.2 million used for purchases of marketable securities, and $185.0 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by $480.0 million and $35.0 million in proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities, respectively, and proceeds from life insurance of $0.5 million related to the cash surrender value from the cancellation of teradyne owned life insurance policy.
financing activities during 2020 used cash of $158.3 million, due to $88.5 million used for the repurchase of 1.5 million shares of common stock at an average price of $58.33 per share, $66.5 million used for dividend payments, $23.0 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards, and $8.9 million used for payment related to mir acquisition contingent consideration, partially offset by $28.5 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans.
39
operating activities during 2019 provided cash of $578.8 million. changes in operating assets and liabilities used cash of $51.7 million. this was due to a $121.6 million increase in operating assets and a $69.9 million increase in operating liabilities.
the increase in operating assets was due to a $70.4 million increase in accounts receivable due to increased sales, a $27.4 million increase in inventories, and a $23.8 million increase in prepayments and other assets.
the increase in operating liabilities was due to a $39.3 million increase in deferred revenue and customer advance payments, a $24.8 million increase in accounts payable, a $15.3 million increase in accrued employee compensation and a $9.2 million increase in other accrued liabilities, partially offset by a $13.6 million decrease in income taxes, and $5.1 million of retirement plan contributions.
investing activities during 2019 used cash of $156.7 million, due to $662.7 million used for purchases of marketable securities, $134.6 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, $57.8 million, net of cash acquired, used for the acquisition of autoguide, $15.0 million used for an investment in realwear, and $7.0 million, net of cash acquired, used for the acquisition of lemsys, partially offset by $611.9 million and $105.6 million in proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities, respectively, and proceeds from life insurance of $2.9 million related to the cash surrender value from the cancellation of teradyne owned life insurance policies.
financing activities during 2019 used cash of $574.3 million, due to $500.0 million used for the repurchase of 10.9 million shares of common stock at an average price of $45.89 per share, $61.3 million used for dividend payments, $27.6 million used for payments related to mir and universal robots acquisition contingent consideration and $14.7 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards, partially offset by $29.3 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans.
in january 2020, may 2020, august 2020 and november 2020, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share. total dividend payments in 2020 were $66.5 million.
in january 2019, may 2019, august 2019 and november 2019, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per share. total dividend payments in 2019 were $61.3 million.
in january 2021, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share to be paid on march 19, 2021 to shareholders of record as of february 19, 2021. payment of future cash dividends are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition.
in january 2020, our board of directors cancelled the january 2018 stock repurchase program and approved a new stock repurchase program for up to $1.0 billion in common stock. on april 1, 2020, we suspended the share repurchase program. in 2020, we repurchased 1.5 million shares of common stock for $88.5 million at an average price per share of $58.33. in 2019, we repurchased 10.9 million shares of common stock for $500.0 million at an average price per share of $45.89. the cumulative repurchases as of december 31, 2019, for the 2018 stock repurchase program, totaled 32.5 million shares of common stock for $1,323.0 million at an average price per share of $40.68. in january 2021, our board of directors cancelled the january 2020 repurchase program and approved a new repurchase program for up to $2.0 billion of common stock. unless terminated by resolution of our board of directors, the repurchase program will expire when we have repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program. we intend to repurchase a minimum of $600 million in 2021.
while we declared a quarterly cash dividend and authorized a share repurchase program, we may reduce or eliminate the cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. future cash dividends and stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors, which will consider, among other things, our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition.
40
on may 1, 2020, we entered into a credit agreement providing a three-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of $400 million. as of february 22, 2021, we have not borrowed any funds under the credit facility.
we believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance will be sufficient to pay our quarterly dividend and meet our working capital and expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. inflation has not had a significant long-term impact on earnings. at this time, the covid-19 pandemic has not had an impact on our liquidity, but there is no assurance that continued impacts resulting from the pandemic will not have an adverse effect in the future.
retirement plans asc 715-20, "compensation-retirement benefits-defined benefit plans," requires an employer with defined benefit plans or other postretirement benefit plans to recognize an asset or a liability on its balance sheet for the overfunded or underfunded status of the plans as defined by asc 715-20. the pension asset or liability represents the difference between the fair value of the pension plans' assets and the projected benefit obligation as of december 31. for other postretirement benefit plans, the liability is the difference between the fair value of the plan's assets and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of december 31.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, our pension expense, which includes the u.s. qualified pension plan ("u.s. plan"), certain qualified plans for non-u.s. subsidiaries, and a u.s. supplemental executive defined benefit plan, was approximately $13.9 million. pension expense is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions. discount rate and expected return on assets are two assumptions which are important elements of pension plan expense and asset/liability measurement. we evaluate our discount rate and expected rate of return on assets assumptions annually on a plan and country specific basis. we evaluate other assumptions related to demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover periodically, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future.
in developing the expected return on u.s. plan assets assumption, we evaluated input from our investment manager and pension consultants, including their forecast of asset class return expectations. we believe that 3.0% was an appropriate rate of return on assets to use for 2020. the december 31, 2020 asset allocation for our u.s. plan was 94% invested in fixed income securities, 5% invested in equity securities, and 1% invested in other securities. our investment manager regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances the portfolio to ensure alignment with our target allocations.
we recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of plan assets in our operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. we calculate the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. actuarial gains and losses are generally measured annually as of december 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans.
the discount rate that we utilized for determining future pension obligations for the u.s. plan is based on the ftse pension index adjusted for the u.s. plan's expected cash flows and was 2.3% at december 31, 2020, down from 3.1% at december 31, 2019. we estimate that in 2021 we will recognize approximately $0.9 million of pension expense for the u.s. plan. the u.s. plan pension expense estimate for 2021 is based on a 2.3% discount rate and a 2.4% return on assets. future pension expense or income will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the employee population participating in our pension plans.
as of december 31, 2020, our pension plans had no unrecognized pension prior service cost.
the assets of the u.s. plan consist substantially of fixed income securities. u.s. plan assets have decreased from $166.9 million at december 31, 2019 to $158.9 million at december 31, 2020, while the u.s. plan's
41
liability decreased from $148.5 million at december 31, 2019 to $141.4 million at december 31, 2020. in 2020, the decrease in plan assets and plan liability was primarily due to a retiree annuity purchase. in 2020, the accrued pension obligations for approximately 115 retiree participants were transferred to an insurance company and resulted in a $24.4 million reduction in the pension benefit obligation and pension assets. we recorded $2.2 million of pension actuarial loss and a settlement loss of $0.5 million related to the retiree group annuity transaction.
our funding policy is to make contributions to our pension plans in accordance with local laws and to the extent that such contributions are tax deductible. during 2020, we made contributions of $3.1 million to the u.s. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan, and $1.1 million to certain qualified plans for non-u.s. subsidiaries. in 2021, we expect to contribute approximately $3.3 million to the u.s. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan. contributions to be made in 2021 to certain qualified plans for non-u.s. subsidiaries are based on local statutory requirements and are estimated at approximately $1.1 million.
equity compensation plans in addition to our 1996 employee stock purchase plan discussed in note q: "stock-based compensation" in notes to consolidated financial statements, we have a 2006 equity and cash compensation incentive plan (the "2006 equity plan") under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. the 2006 equity plan was initially approved by stockholders on may 25, 2006.
at our annual meeting of stockholders held may 21, 2013, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 equity plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 10.0 million, for an aggregate of 32.0 million shares issuable thereunder, and our stockholders also approved an amendment to our 1996 employee stock purchase plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 5.0 million, for an aggregate of 30.4 million shares issuable thereunder. at our annual meeting of stockholders held may 12, 2015, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 equity plan to extend its term until may 12, 2025.
the following table presents information about these plans as of december 31, 2020 (share numbers in thousands):
plan category                                   number of securities                   weighted-average   number of securities remaining to be issued upon                     exercise price of   available for future issuance exercise of                        outstanding options,   under equity compensation outstanding options,                warrants and rights   plans (excluding securities warrants and rights                                       reflected in column one)
equity plans approved by shareholders                             1,943   (1)                    $37.31                     7,563             (2)
equity plans not approved by shareholders (3)   6                                                  3.77                     -
total                                                             1,949                           37.21                     7,563
(1)   includes 1,789,217 shares of restricted stock units that are not included in the calculation of the weighted average exercise price.

(2)   consists of 6,122,630 securities available for issuance under the 2006 equity plan and 1,440,073 of securities available for issuance under the employee stock purchase plan.

(3)   in connection with the 2011 acquisition of litepoint corporation (the "litepoint acquisition"), we assumed the options granted under the litepoint corporation 2002 stock plan (the "litepoint plan"). upon the consummation of the litepoint acquisition, these options were converted automatically into options to purchase an aggregate of 2,828,344 shares of our common stock. no additional awards were granted under the litepoint plan. as of december 31, 2020, there were outstanding options exercisable for an aggregate of 6,125 shares of our common stock pursuant to the litepoint plan, with a weighted average exercise price of $3.77 per share.

42
the purpose of the 2006 equity plan is to motivate employees, officers and directors by providing equity ownership and compensation opportunities in teradyne. the aggregate number of shares available under the 2006 equity plan as of december 31, 2020 was 6,122,630 shares of our common stock. the 2006 equity plan authorizes the grant of stock-based awards in the form of (1) non-qualified and incentive stock options, (2) stock appreciation rights, (3) restricted stock awards and restricted stock unit awards, (4) phantom stock, and (5) other stock-based awards. awards may be tied to time-based vesting schedules and/or performance-based vesting measured by reference to performance criteria chosen by the compensation committee of the board of directors, which administers the 2006 equity plan. awards may be made to any employee, officer, consultant and advisor of teradyne and our subsidiaries, as well as, to our directors. the maximum number of shares of stock-based awards that may be granted to one participant during any one fiscal year is 2,000,000 shares of common stock.
as of december 31, 2020, total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units and options was $44 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years.
performance graph the following graph compares the change in our cumulative total shareholder return in our common stock with (i) the nyse composite index and (ii) the morningstar semiconductor equipment & materials industry group (compiled by morningstar, inc.), and (iii) the standard & poor's 500 index. the comparison assumes $100.00 was invested on december 31, 2015 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. this is the last year that we will compare ourselves to the nyse composite index. going forward, we will compare ourselves to (i) standard & poor's 500 index, as a result of teradyne being added, on september 21, 2020, to the standard & poor's 500 index, and (ii) the morningstar semiconductor equipment & materials industry group (compiled by morningstar, inc.)
recently issued accounting pronouncements in august 2020, the fasb issued asu 2020-06-"debt-debt with conversion and other options and derivatives and hedging-contracts in entity's own equity," which simplifies the accounting for convertible
43
debt instruments by reducing the number of accounting models and the number of embedded conversion features that could be recognized separately from the primary contract. this asu requires a convertible debt instrument to be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. this asu requires an entity to use the if-converted method in the diluted earnings per share calculation for convertible instruments. this asu will be effective for teradyne on january 1, 2022, with early adoption permitted beginning on january 1, 2021. this asu permits the use of either the modified retrospective or fully retrospective method of transition. teradyne is evaluating the timing and effects of the adoption of this asu on its financial statements.
