item 1a.    risk factors.
an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. investors evaluating our company should carefully consider the factors described below and all other information contained in this annual report. any of the following factors could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. additional factors and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial could also harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. this section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in this annual report. we may make forward-looking statements from time to time, both written and oral. we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements. our actual results may differ materially from those projected in any such forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report.
risks associated with our software products cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities can disrupt our business and harm our competitive position.
threats to it security can take a variety of forms. individuals and groups of hackers, and sophisticated organizations including state-sponsored organizations, may take steps that pose threats to our clients and our it. they may, for example, develop and deploy malicious software to attack our products and services and/or gain access to our networks and data centers or act in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service or other coordinated attacks. cyber threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. cyber threats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and clients. breaches of our network or data security could disrupt the security of our internal systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our clients and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information harming our competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies, or otherwise adversely affect our business. our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these evolving threats. despite the network and application security, internal control measures, and physical security procedures we employ to safeguard our systems, we may still be vulnerable to a security breach, intrusion, loss or theft of confidential client data and transaction data or proprietary company information, which may harm our business, reputation and future financial results. the lost revenue and containment, remediation, investigation, legal and other costs could be significant and may exceed our insurance policy limits or may not be covered by insurance at all. further, we may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions and litigation that could result in financial judgments or the payment of settlement amounts, and disputes with insurance carriers concerning coverage.
on september 29, 2020, we filed a current report on form 8-k reporting a security incident (the "incident") involving ransomware disrupting access to some of our internal it systems and telephone systems. there is no evidence that the environments where we host client applications were affected, and our hosting services to those clients were not interrupted. there is also no evidence of malicious activity on client networks associated with the incident. we contained the incident and recovered from it, resuming normal operations with our clients. we will continue to deploy supplemental remediation efforts as necessary.
as part of our immediate response to the incident, we (1) shut down points of access to external systems and began investigating and remediating the problem; (2) engaged outside it security and forensics experts to conduct a detailed review and help securely restore affected systems; (3) implemented targeted monitoring systems to supplement the systems we already had in place; and (4) notified law enforcement. we have cooperated with their investigation throughout.
we promptly notified our clients of the incident and provided timely updates to our clients through direct communications and updates to our website.
although we believe we have contained and recovered from the incident, and that we have taken and will continue to take appropriate remediation steps, we are subject to risk and uncertainties as a result of the incident. we believe we are in the final phases of our investigation, but there can be no assurance as to what the ongoing impact of the incident will be, if any. the incident caused an interruption in parts of our business. we incurred $4.2 million in third party costs associated with the incident as of december 31, 2020. it is expected that we will continue to incur costs related to our response, remediation, and investigatory efforts relating to the incident. we maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage in an amount that we believe is adequate.
disclosure of personally identifiable information and/or other sensitive client data could result in liability and harm our reputation.
we store and process increasingly large amounts of personally identifiable information and other confidential information of our clients. the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. despite our efforts to improve security controls, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of sensitive client data that we store and manage. disclosure of personally identifiable information and/or other sensitive client data could result in liability and harm our reputation.
hosting services for some of our products are dependent upon the uninterrupted operation of data centers.
a material portion of our business is provided through software hosting services. these hosting services depend on the uninterrupted operation of data centers and the ability to protect computer equipment and information stored in these data centers against damage that may be caused by natural disaster, fire, power loss, telecommunications or internet failure, acts of terrorism, unauthorized intrusion, computer viruses, and other similar damaging events. if any of our data centers were to become inoperable for an extended period, we might be unable to fulfill our contractual commitments. although we take what we believe to be reasonable precautions against such occurrences, we can give no assurance that damaging events such as these will not result in a prolonged interruption of our services, which could result in client dissatisfaction, loss of revenue, and damage to our business.
we run the risk of errors or defects with new products or enhancements to existing products.
our software products are complex and may contain errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. any such defects could result in a loss of revenues or delay market acceptance. our license agreements typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential liability. however, it is possible we may not always successfully negotiate such provisions in our client contracts or the limitation of liability provisions may not be effective due to existing or future federal, state, or local laws, ordinances, or judicial decisions. although we maintain errors and omissions and general liability insurance, and we try to structure contracts to limit liability, we cannot assure you that a successful claim could not be made or would not have a material adverse effect on our future operating results.
we must timely respond to technological changes to be competitive.
the market for our products is characterized by technological change, evolving industry standards in software technology, changes in client requirements, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. the introduction of products embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards can render existing products obsolete and unmarketable. as a result, our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to enhance existing products and develop and introduce new products that keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated client requirements, and achieve market acceptance. we cannot assure you that we will successfully identify new product opportunities and develop and bring new products to market in a timely and cost-effective manner. the products, capabilities, or technologies developed by others could also render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to develop or acquire new software products or develop enhancements to existing products on a timely and cost-effective basis, or if such new products or enhancements do not achieve market acceptance.
we may be unable to protect our proprietary rights.
many of our product and service offerings incorporate proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how, and other intellectual property rights. we rely on a combination of contracts, copyrights, and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our technology. we cannot be certain that we have taken all appropriate steps to deter misappropriation of our intellectual property. there has also been an apparent evolution in the legal standards and regulations courts and the u.s. patent office may apply in favorably evaluating software patent rights. we are not currently involved in any material intellectual property litigation; however, we may be a party to such litigation in the future to protect our proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how, and other intellectual property rights. we cannot assure you that third parties will not assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us with respect to current or future products. any claims or litigation, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, costly, and a diversion to management. any such claims and litigation could also cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. such royalty or licensing arrangements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. therefore, litigation to defend and enforce our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, regardless of the final outcome of such litigation.
clients may elect to terminate our maintenance contracts and manage operations internally.
it is possible that our clients may elect to not renew maintenance contracts for our software, trying instead to maintain and operate the software themselves using their perpetual license rights (excluding software applications that we provide on a hosted or cloud basis). alternatively, clients may elect to drop maintenance on certain modules that they ultimately decide not to use. this could adversely affect our revenues and profits. additionally, they may inadvertently allow our intellectual property or other information to fall into the hands of third parties, including our competitors, which could adversely affect our business.
material portions of our business require the internet infrastructure to be reliable.
part of our future success continues to depend on the use of the internet as a means to access public information and perform transactions electronically, including, for example, electronic filing of court documents. this in part requires ongoing maintenance of the internet infrastructure, especially to prevent interruptions in service, as well as additional development of that infrastructure. this requires a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, security, and timely development of complementary products for providing reliable internet access and services. if this infrastructure fails to be sufficiently developed or be adequately maintained, our business would be harmed because users may not be able to access our government portals.
risks associated with selling products and services into the public sector marketplace selling products and services into the public sector poses unique challenges.
we derive substantially all of our revenues from sales of software and services to state, county, and city governments, other federal or municipal agencies, and other public entities. we expect that sales to public sector clients will continue to account for substantially all of our revenues in the future. we face many risks and challenges associated with contracting with governmental entities, including:
•resource limitations caused by budgetary constraints, which may provide for a termination of executed contracts due to a lack of future funding
•long and complex sales cycles
•contract payments at times being subject to achieving implementation milestones, and we may have differences with clients as to whether milestones have been achieved
•political resistance to the concept of contracting with third parties to provide it solutions
•legislative changes affecting a local government's authority to contract with third parties
•varying bid procedures and internal processes for bid acceptance
•various other political factors, including changes in governmental administrations and personnel each of these risks is outside our control. if we fail to adequately adapt to these risks and uncertainties, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
covid-19 will adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we expect that the continued global spread of covid-19 (novel coronavirus) will negatively impact our business and financial results in fiscal year 2021. as the virus has spread, it has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. while we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that covid-19 will have on our results from operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and containment measures and associated compliance, we do expect the pandemic will continue to negatively impact our revenues and other financial results.
because an increasing portion of our revenues are recurring, the effect of covid-19 on our results of operations may also not be fully reflected for some time. we continue to see some impact on our business in the near term with delays in government procurement processes and uncertainty around public sector budgets, as well as delays in implementations caused by travel restrictions, closed offices, or clients shifting focus to more pressing issues.
we expect appraisal and software implementations projects to be delayed as clients put projects on hold or slow projects by extending go-live dates. while we have the ability to deliver most of our professional services remotely, some of our professional services, including appraisal assessments, are more effective when performed on-site, and certain clients may continue to insist on on-site services in any event. in addition, some professional services relate to training and require the availability of the client. we expect a negative impact on our software services and appraisal services revenues. also, we expect software licenses and subscriptions revenues to be negatively affected due to delays in procurement processes. some clients could request changes to payment terms, negatively impacting the timing of collections of accounts receivables in future periods. for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, 73% of our total revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription and maintenance revenue, which is recurring in nature; thus the effect of the covid-19 pandemic will not be fully reflected in our results of operations and overall financial performance until future periods.
we perform our annual goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of the second quarter of each year. subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we monitor for any events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in business climate or operating results, changes in management's business strategy, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace, an inability to successfully achieve internal forecasts or significant declines in our stock price, which may represent an indicator of impairment. the occurrence of any of these events, which could be caused or impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, may require us to record future goodwill impairment charges.
a prolonged economic slowdown could harm our operations.
a prolonged economic slowdown or recession could reduce demand for our software products and services. governments may face financial pressures that could in turn affect our growth rate and profitability in the future. there is no assurance that government spending levels will be unaffected by declining or stagnant general economic conditions, and if budget shortfalls occur, they may negatively impact government it spending and could adversely affect our business.
the open bidding process creates uncertainty in predicting future contract awards.
many governmental agencies purchase products and services through an open bidding process. generally, a governmental entity will publish an established list of requirements requesting potential vendors to propose solutions for the established requirements. to respond successfully to these requests for proposals, we must accurately estimate our cost structure for servicing a proposed contract, the time required to establish operations for the proposed client, and the likely terms of any other third-party proposals submitted. we cannot guarantee that we will win any bids in the future through the request for proposal process, or that any winning bids will ultimately result in contracts on favorable terms. our failure to secure contracts through the open bidding process, or to secure such contracts on favorable terms, may adversely affect our revenue and gross margins.
we face significant competition from other vendors and potential new entrants into our markets.
we believe we are a leading provider of integrated solutions for the public sector. however, we face competition from a variety of software vendors that offer products and services similar to those offered by us, as well as from companies offering to develop custom software. we compete based on a number of factors, including:
•the attractiveness of our "evergreen" business strategy
•the breadth, depth, and quality of our product and service offerings
•the ability to modify our offerings to accommodate particular clients' needs
•technological innovation
•name recognition, reputation and references
•price
•our financial strength and stability we believe our market is highly fragmented with a large number of competitors that vary in size, product platform, and product scope. our competitors include consulting firms, publicly held companies that focus on selected segments of the public sector market, and a significant number of smaller, privately held companies. certain competitors have greater technical, marketing, and financial resources than we do. we cannot assure you that such competitors will not develop products or offer services that are superior to our products or services or that achieve greater market acceptance.
we also compete with internal, centralized it departments of governmental entities, which requires us to persuade the end-user to stop the internal service and outsource to us. in addition, our clients and prospective clients could elect to provide information management services internally through new or existing departments, which could reduce the market for our services.
we could face additional competition as other established and emerging companies enter the public sector software application market and new products and technologies are introduced. increased competition could result in pricing pressure, fewer client orders, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, thereby increasing the ability of their products to address the needs of our prospective clients. it is possible that new competitors or alliances may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and the failure to do so would have a material adverse effect upon our business.
fixed-price contracts may affect our profits.
some of our contracts are structured on a fixed-price basis, which can lead to various risks, including:
•the failure to accurately estimate the resources and time required for an engagement
•the failure to effectively manage our clients' expectations regarding the scope of services delivered for a fixed fee
•the failure to timely and satisfactorily complete fixed-price engagements within budget if we do not adequately assess and manage these and other risks, we may be subject to cost overruns and penalties, which may harm our financial performance.
changes in the insurance markets may affect our business.
some of our clients, primarily those for our property appraisal services, require that we secure performance bonds before they will select us as their vendor. in addition, we have in the past been required to provide letters of credit as security for the issuance of a performance bond. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to secure such performance bonds in the future on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. our inability to obtain performance bonds on favorable terms or at all could impact our future ability to win some contract awards, particularly large property appraisal services contracts, which could negatively impact revenues. in addition, the general insurance markets may experience volatility and/or restrictive coverage trends, which may lead to future increases in our general and administrative expenses and negatively impact our operating results.
risks associated with our periodic results and stock price fluctuations in quarterly revenue could adversely impact our operating results and stock price.
our revenues and operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate substantially from quarter to quarter for a variety of reasons, including:
•prospective clients' contracting decisions are often made in the last few weeks of a quarter
•the size of license transactions can vary significantly
•clients may unexpectedly postpone or cancel procurement processes due to changes in strategic priorities, project objectives, budget, or personnel
•client purchasing processes vary significantly and a client's internal approval, expenditure authorization, and contract negotiation processes can be difficult and time consuming to complete, even after selection of a vendor
•the number, timing, and significance of software product enhancements and new software product announcements by us and our competitors may affect purchase decisions
•we may have to defer revenues under our revenue recognition policies and gaap
•clients may elect subscription-based arrangements, which result in lower software license revenues in the initial year as compared to traditional, on-premise software license arrangements, but generate higher overall subscription-based revenues over the term of the contract in each fiscal quarter, our expense levels, operating costs, and hiring plans are based to some extent on projections of future revenues and are relatively fixed. if our actual revenues fall below expectations, we could experience a reduction in operating results. also, if actual revenues or earnings for any given quarter fall below expectations, it may lead to a decline in our stock price.
increases in service revenue as a percentage of total revenues could decrease overall margins.
we realize lower margins on software and appraisal service revenues than on license revenue. the majority of our contracts include both software licenses and software services. therefore, an increase in the percentage of software service and appraisal service revenue compared to license revenue could have a detrimental impact on our overall gross margins and could adversely affect operating results.
increases in investment in research and development could decrease overall margins.
an important element of our corporate strategy is to continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to research and development and related product and service opportunities both through internal investments and the acquisition of intellectual property from companies that we have acquired. we believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position and research and development expenses could adversely affect operating margins.
our stock price may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile. examples of factors that may significantly impact our stock price include:
•actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results
•announcements of technological innovations, new products, or new contracts by us or our competitors
•developments with respect to patents, copyrights, or other proprietary rights
•conditions and trends in the software and other technology industries
•adoption of new accounting standards
•changes in financial estimates by securities analysts
•general market conditions and other factors in addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market prices of technology company stocks and may in the future adversely affect the market price of our stock. sometimes, securities class action litigation is filed following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company's securities. we cannot assure you that similar litigation will not occur in the future with respect to us. such litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect upon our financial performance.
our financial outlook may not be realized.
from time to time, in press releases and otherwise, we may publish forecasts or other forward-looking statements regarding our results, including estimated revenues or earnings. any forecast of our future performance reflects various assumptions. these assumptions are subject to significant uncertainties, and as a matter of course, any number of them may prove to be incorrect. further, the achievement of any forecast depends on numerous risks and other factors (including those described in this discussion), many of which are beyond our control. as a result, we cannot be certain that our performance will be consistent with any management forecasts or that the variation from such forecasts will not be material and adverse. current and potential stockholders are cautioned not to base their entire analysis of our business and prospects upon isolated predictions, but instead are encouraged to utilize our entire publicly available mix of historical and forward-looking information, as well as other available information regarding us, our products and services, and the software industry when evaluating our prospective results of operations.
risks associated with our growth strategy and other general corporate risks we may experience difficulties in executing our acquisition strategy.
a material portion of our historical growth has resulted from strategic acquisitions. although our focus is on internal growth, we will continue to identify and pursue strategic acquisitions with suitable candidates. these transactions involve significant challenges and risks, including risks that a transaction does not advance our business strategy; that we do not achieve the expected return on our investment; that we have difficulty integrating business systems and technology; that we have difficulty retaining or integrating new employees; that the transactions distract management from our other businesses; that we acquire unforeseen liabilities; and other unanticipated events. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate future acquisitions into our operations. it may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits of these transactions, such as increased revenue, enhanced efficiencies, or increased market share, or the benefits may be ultimately less than we expected. although we conduct due diligence reviews of potential acquisition candidates, we may not identify all material liabilities or risks related to acquisition candidates. there can be no assurance that any such strategic acquisitions will be accomplished on favorable terms or will result in profitable operations.
our failure to properly manage growth could adversely affect our business.
we continue to expand our operations by pursuing existing and potential market opportunities. this growth places significant demands on management and operational resources. in order to manage growth effectively, we must implement and improve our operational systems, procedures, and controls on a timely basis. if we fail to implement these systems, our business may be materially adversely affected.
we may be unable to hire, integrate, and retain qualified personnel.
our continued success will depend upon the availability and performance of our key management, sales, marketing, client support, and product development personnel. the loss of key management or technical personnel could adversely affect us. we believe that our continued success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract, integrate, and retain such personnel. we have at times experienced and continue to experience challenges, in recruiting qualified personnel. competition for qualified software development, sales, and other personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel.
compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance may result in additional expenses.
changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance, compliance, and public disclosure can create uncertainty for public companies. the costs required to comply with such evolving laws across the various states and at the federal level are difficult to predict and/or harmonize. to maintain high standards of corporate governance, compliance, and public disclosure, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards.this investment may result in an unforeseen increase in general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management's time and attention from revenue-generating activities, which may harm our operating results.
we don't foresee paying dividends on our common stock.
we have not declared nor paid a cash dividend since we entered the business of providing software solutions and services to the public sector in 1998. we intend to retain earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and delaware law could deter takeover attempts.
our board of directors may issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and may determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions, including voting and conversion rights, of these preferred shares. these determinations may be made without any further vote or action by our stockholders. the rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. the issuance of preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. in addition, some provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, and the delaware general corporation law could also delay, prevent, or make more difficult a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving us.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. for a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 and our cash flow discussion for the year ended december 2019, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 2019 as filed with the sec on february 20, 2020.
forward-looking statements this document contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 that are not historical in nature and typically address future or anticipated events, trends, expectations or beliefs with respect to our financial condition, results of operations or business. forward-looking statements often contain words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "foresees," "forecasts," "estimates," "plans," "intends," "continues," "may," "will," "should," "projects," "might," "could" or other similar words or phrases. similarly, statements that describe our business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. we believe there is a reasonable basis for our forward-looking statements, but they are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from the expectations and beliefs reflected in the forward-looking statements. we presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and beliefs: (1) the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including its potential effects on the economic environment, our customers and our operations, as well as any changes to federal, state or local government laws, regulations or orders in connection with the pandemic; (2) changes in the budgets or regulatory environments of our clients, primarily local and state governments, that could negatively impact information technology spending; (3) disruption to our business and harm to our competitive position resulting from cyber-attacks and security vulnerabilities; (4) our ability to protect client information from security breaches and provide uninterrupted operations of data centers; (5) our ability to achieve growth or operational synergies through the integration of acquired businesses, while avoiding unanticipated costs and disruptions to existing operations; (6) material portions of our business require the internet infrastructure to be adequately maintained; (7) our ability to achieve our financial forecasts due to various factors, including project delays by our clients, reductions in transaction size, fewer transactions, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for service agreements; (8) general economic, political and market conditions; (9) technological and market risks associated with the development of new products or services or of new versions of existing or acquired products or services; (10) competition in the industry in which we conduct business and the impact of competition on pricing, client retention and pressure for new products or services; (11) the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and dealing with the loss or retirement of key members of management or other key personnel; and (12) costs of compliance and any failure to comply with government and stock exchange regulations. a detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business are described in item 1a, "risk factors". we expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements.
overview general we provide integrated information management solutions and services for the public sector, with a focus on local governments. we develop and market a broad line of software products and services to address the it needs of cities, counties, schools and other local government entities. in addition, we provide professional it services to our clients, including software and hardware installation, data conversion, training and for certain clients, product modifications, along with continuing maintenance and support for clients using our systems. we also provide subscription-based services such as software as a service ("saas"), which primarily utilize the tyler private cloud, and electronic document filing solutions ("e-filing"), which simplify the filing and management of court related documents. revenues for e-filing are derived from transaction fees and, in some cases, fixed fee arrangements. other transaction-based fees primary relate to online payment services. we also provide property appraisal outsourcing services for taxing jurisdictions.
our products generally automate eight major functional areas: (1) financial management and education, (2) courts and justice, (3) public safety, (4) property appraisal and tax, (5) planning, regulatory and maintenance, (6) land and vital records management, (7) data and insights and (8) platform technologies. we report our results in two segments. the enterprise software ("es") segment provides public sector entities with software systems and services to meet their information technology and automation needs for mission-critical "back-office" functions such as: financial management and education, courts and justice, public safety, planning, regulatory and maintenance, data and insights and platform technologies. the appraisal and tax ("a&t") segment provides systems and software that automate the appraisal and assessment of real and personal property, land and vital records management as well as property appraisal outsourcing services for local governments and taxing authorities. property appraisal outsourcing services include: the physical inspection of commercial and residential properties; data collection and processing; computer analysis for property valuation; preparation of tax rolls; community education; and arbitration between taxpayers and the assessing jurisdiction.
as of january 1, 2020, the land and vital records management business unit, which was previously reported in the es segment, was moved to the a&t segment to reflect changes in the way in which management makes operating decisions, allocates resources, and manages the growth and profitability of the company. prior year amounts for the es and a&t segments have been adjusted to reflect the segment change. see note 14 - "segment and related information" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, total revenues increased 2.8% compared to the prior year. excluding the impact of acquisitions, total revenues increased 1.4% compared to prior year. revenues from acquisitions contributed 1.4% of growth for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020.
subscriptions revenue grew 18.3% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, due to a gradual shift toward cloud-based, software as a service business, as well as continued strong growth in our transaction-based revenues from online payments and e-filing revenues from courts. excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, subscriptions revenue increased 17.2% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020.
our backlog at december 31, 2020 was $1.59 billion, a 9.4% increase from last year.
we monitor and analyze several key performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. these indicators include the following:
revenues - we derive our revenues from five primary sources: sale of software licenses and royalties; subscription-based arrangements; software services; maintenance; and appraisal services. subscriptions and maintenance are considered recurring revenue sources and comprised approximately 73.3% of our revenue in 2020. the number of new saas clients and the number of existing clients who convert from our traditional software arrangements to our saas model are a significant driver of our revenue growth, together with new software license sales and maintenance rate increases. in addition, we also monitor our customer base and churn as we historically have experienced very low customer turnover. during 2020, based on our number of customers, turnover was approximately 2%.
cost of revenues and gross margins - our primary cost component is personnel expenses in connection with providing software implementation, subscription-based services, maintenance and support, and appraisal services to our clients. we can improve gross margins by controlling headcount and related costs and by expanding our revenue base, especially from those products and services that produce incremental revenue with minimal incremental cost, such as software licenses and royalties, subscription-based services, and maintenance and support. our appraisal projects are cyclical in nature, and we often employ appraisal personnel on a short-term basis to coincide with the life of a project. as of december 31, 2020, our total employee count increased to 5,536 from 5,368 at december 31, 2019.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses - the primary components of sg&a expenses are administrative and sales personnel salaries and commissions, share-based compensation expense, marketing expense, rent and professional fees. sales commissions typically fluctuate with revenues and share-based compensation expense generally increases as the market price of our stock increases. other administrative expenses tend to grow at a slower rate than revenues.
liquidity and cash flows - the primary driver of our cash flows is net income. uses of cash include acquisitions, capital investments in property and equipment and discretionary purchases of treasury stock. our working capital needs are fairly stable throughout the year with the significant components of cash outflows being payment of personnel expenses offset by cash inflows representing collection of accounts receivable and cash receipts from clients in advance of revenue being earned. in recent years, we have also received significant amounts of cash from employees exercising stock options and contributing to our employee stock purchase plan.
balance sheet - cash, accounts receivable and days sales outstanding and deferred revenue balances are important indicators of our business.
impact of the covid-19 pandemic in march 2020, the world health organization declared the outbreak of a covid-19 pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the u.s. and the world and has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. while we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that covid-19 will have on our results from operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and containment measures and associated compliance, the current environment has negatively impacted our revenues for fiscal year 2020.
because an increasing portion of our revenues are recurring, the effect of covid-19 on our results of operations may also not be fully reflected for some time. we continue to see some impact on our business in the near term with delays in government procurement processes and uncertainty around public sector budgets, as well as delays in implementations caused by travel restrictions, closed offices, or clients shifting focus to more pressing issues. we have addressed those challenges through adapting the way we do business - encouraging web and video conferencing, conducting virtual sales demonstrations and delivering professional services remotely.
our priorities during this crisis are protecting the health and safety of our employees and our clients. our it systems and applications support a remote workforce. prior to the pandemic, many of our employees worked remotely. in response to the pandemic, we encouraged all employees who are able to do so to work from home, equipping them with resources necessary to continue uninterrupted. we were able to transition the vast majority of our employees to this work-from-home posture. this reduces the number of team members in our offices to those uniquely needed for essential on-site services, such as network operations support staff, and allows for "social distancing" as directed by the centers for disease control ("cdc").
the pandemic has delayed some government procurement processes and is expected to impact our ability to complete certain implementations, negatively impacting our revenue. it could also negatively impact the timing of client payments to us. we continue to monitor these trends in order to respond to the ever-changing impact of covid-19 on our clients and tyler's operations.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic resulted in lower revenues from software licenses, software services, appraisal services, and other revenues. lower software licenses compared to prior periods are attributed to slower sales cycles as government procurement processes are delayed and contract signings have been pushed to future periods. software services and appraisal services revenue declines are attributed to delays in implementations caused by travel restrictions and shelter-in-place orders in effect during the period. other revenues were lower compared to prior periods primarily as a result of the cancellation of our 2020 connect user conference. lower revenues compared to prior periods were offset by cost savings attributed to lower spend on travel, user conferences and trade show expenses, health claims and other employee-related expenses. if and as travel restrictions are relaxed, we expect software services and appraisal services revenues to increase as the limited number of our clients who require that all or a portion of their services be delivered onsite will be able to receive those services. also, we are adapting by changing the way we do business, encouraging web and video conferencing, conducting virtual sales demonstrations and delivering professional services remotely, which result in increases in staff utilization rates and billable time.
recurring revenues from subscriptions and maintenance comprised 73.3% of our total consolidated revenue for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, and include transaction-based revenue streams such as e-filing and online payments. as of december 31, 2020, we had $758.5 million in cash and investments and no outstanding borrowings under our credit facility. we also have substantial additional liquidity available through our undrawn $400 million credit facility, which can be expanded through an accordion feature. during the second quarter of 2020, we completed our annual assessment of goodwill which did not result in an impairment charge. since our assessment in the second quarter of 2020, we have recorded no impairment to goodwill as no triggering events or changes in circumstances occurred as of period-end. no impairments of other assets were recorded as of the balance sheet date as no triggering events or changes in circumstances indicating a potential impairment have occurred as of period-end to require such an impairment; however, due to significant uncertainty surrounding the pandemic and market conditions, management's judgment regarding this could change in the future.
security incident on september 29, 2020, we filed a current report on form 8-k reporting a security incident (the "incident") involving ransomware disrupting access to some of our internal it systems and telephone systems. there is no evidence that the environments where we host client applications were affected, and our hosting services to those clients were not interrupted. there is also no evidence of malicious activity on client networks associated with the incident. we contained the incident and recovered from it, resuming normal operations with our clients. we will continue to deploy supplemental remediation efforts as necessary.
as part of our immediate response to the incident, we (1) shut down points of access to external systems and began investigating and remediating the problem; (2) engaged outside it security and forensics experts to conduct a detailed review and help securely restore affected systems; (3) implemented targeted monitoring systems to supplement the systems we already had in place; and (4) notified law enforcement. we are have cooperated with their investigation throughout.
we promptly notified our clients of the incident and provided timely updates to our clients through direct communications and updates to our website.
although we believe we have contained and recovered from the incident, and that we have taken and will continue to take appropriate remediation steps, we are subject to risk and uncertainties as a result of the incident. we believe we are in the final phases of our investigation, but there can be no assurance as to what the ongoing impact of the incident will be, if any. the incident caused an interruption in parts of our business. we estimate that as a result of the incident, revenue (primarily software services) for the year ended december 31, 2020 was reduced by approximately $1.5 million; however, insurance reimbursements pertaining to lost revenue represent a contingent gain and any recovery of these revenues will be recorded when received. we incurred $4.2 million in costs associated with the incident as of december 31, 2020. as of december 31, 2020, we have recorded $1.1 million of accrued insurance recoveries and received $2.4 million of insurance recoveries related to the incident. the recorded costs consisted primarily of payments to third-party service providers and consultants, including legal fees, and enhancements to our cybersecurity measures. it is expected that we will continue to incur costs related to our response, remediation, and investigatory efforts relating to the incident. we maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage in an amount that we believe is adequate.
recent adoption of new accounting pronouncements in june 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-13, financial instruments - credit losses, ("asu 2016-13"). asu 2016-13 changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments, including trade and other receivables, available for-sale debt securities, held-to-maturity debt securities and loans, and requires entities to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that will result in the earlier recognition of an allowance for losses. this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. early adoption is permitted for a fiscal year beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within that fiscal year. entities apply the standard's provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted. as of january 1, 2020, we adopted the new standard with no material impact of credit losses to our trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities and retained earnings included in our consolidated financial statements.
on january 26, 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-04, simplifying the test for goodwill impairment. the new standard eliminates step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. an entity should recognize a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. this standard is effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019, and the standard was adopted and applied prospectively by the company as of january 1, 2020, but it did not have a significant impact on the company's financial statements and disclosures.
recent accounting guidance not yet adopted in december 2019, the fasb issued asu 2019-12, simplifying the accounting for income taxes, ("asu 2019-12") which simplifies the accounting for income taxes, eliminates certain exceptions within asc 740, income taxes, and clarifies certain aspects of the current guidance to promote consistency among reporting entities. the new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2020. most amendments within the standard are required to be applied on a prospective basis, while certain amendments must be applied on a retrospective or modified retrospective basis. we do not expect adoption of this standard to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
outlook the local government software market continues to be active, and our backlog at december 31, 2020 reached $1.59 billion, a 9.4% increase from the prior year. we expect to continue to achieve solid growth in revenue and earnings. with our strong financial position and cash flow, we plan to continue to make significant investments in product development to better position us to continue to expand our addressable market and strengthen our competitive position in the public sector software market over the long term.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues, cost of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, and related disclosure of contingencies. the notes to the financial statements included as part of this annual report describe our significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements. significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the application of the progress toward completion methods of revenue recognition, estimated standalone selling price ("ssp") for distinct performance obligations, the carrying amount and estimated useful lives of intangible assets, determination of share-based compensation expense and valuation allowance for receivables. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe the following critical accounting policies require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.
revenue recognition. we earn revenue from software licenses, royalties, subscription-based services, software services, post-contract customer support ("pcs" or "maintenance"), hardware, and appraisal services. revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we determine revenue recognition through the following steps:
•identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer
•identification of the performance obligations in the contract
•determination of the transaction price
•allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
•recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation most of our software arrangements with customers contain multiple performance obligations that range from software licenses, installation, training, and consulting to software modification and customization to meet specific customer needs (services), hosting, and pcs. for these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately when they are distinct. we evaluate whether separate performance obligations can be distinct or should be accounted for as one performance obligation. arrangements that include software services, such as training or installation, are evaluated to determine whether the customer can benefit from the services either on their own or together with other resources readily available to the customer and whether the services are separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. many of our software arrangements involve "off-the-shelf" software. we recognize the revenue allocable to "off-the-shelf" software licenses and specified upgrades at a point in time when control of the software license transfers to the customer, unless the software is not considered distinct. we consider off-the-shelf software to be distinct when it can be added to an arrangement with minor changes in the underlying code, it can be used by the customer for the customer's purpose upon installation, and remaining services such as training are not considered highly interdependent or highly interrelated to the product's functionality.
for arrangements that involve significant production, modification or customization of the software, or where software services are otherwise not considered distinct, we recognize revenue over time by measuring progress-to-completion. we measure progress-to-completion primarily using labor hours incurred as it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. these arrangements are often implemented over an extended period and occasionally require us to revise total cost estimates. amounts recognized in revenue are calculated using the progress-to-completion measurement after giving effect to any changes in our cost estimates. changes to total estimated contract costs, if any, are recorded in the period they are determined. estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which we first determine that a loss is apparent. when software services are distinct, the fee allocable to the service element is recognized over the time we perform the services and is billed on a time and material or milestones basis.
subscription-based services consist of revenues derived from saas arrangements, which primarily utilize the tyler private cloud, and electronic filing transactions. revenue from subscription-based services is generally recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contract term, beginning on the date that our service is made available to the customer. for saas arrangements, we evaluate whether the customer has the contractual right to take possession of our software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and whether the customer can feasibly maintain the software on the customer's hardware or enter into another arrangement with a third-party to host the software. we allocate contract value to each performance obligation of the arrangement that qualifies for treatment as a distinct element based on estimated ssp. we recognize saas arrangements ratably over the term of the arrangement, which range from one to ten years, but are typically for a period of three to five years. for software services associated with certain saas arrangements, we have concluded that the services are not distinct, and we recognize the revenue ratably over the remaining contractual period once we have provided the customer access to the software. we record amounts that have been invoiced in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue or revenues, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met.
the transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative ssp basis. we determine the ssp based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, the applications sold, customer demographics, and the number and types of users within our contracts. we use a range of amounts to estimate ssp when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services. in instances where ssp is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine ssp using the expected cost-plus margin approach. revenue is recognized net of allowances for sales adjustments and any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.
typically, the structure of our arrangements does not give rise to variable consideration. however, in those instances whereby variable consideration exists, we include in our estimates additional revenue for variable consideration when we believe we have an enforceable right, the amount can be estimated reliably and its realization is probable.
we maintain allowances for losses and sales adjustments, which are provided at the time the revenue is recognized. since most of our customers are domestic governmental entities, we rarely incur a loss resulting from credit risk associated with the inability of a customer to make required payments. events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying amount for the allowances for losses and sales adjustments may require revision include, but are not limited to, deterioration of a customer's financial condition, failure to manage our customer's expectations regarding the scope of the services to be delivered, and defects or errors in new versions or enhancements of our software products. the allowance for losses and sales adjustments reflects our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. we determine the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. our allowance for losses and sales adjustments of $9.3 million and $5.7 million at december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019, respectively, does not include provisions for credit losses. as of january 1, 2020, we adopted asu 2016-13 and primarily evaluated our historical experience with credit losses related to trade and other receivables. because we have not experienced any historical credit losses with the majority of our clients, we have no basis to record a reserve for credit losses as defined by the standard.
in connection with certain of our contracts, we have recorded retentions receivable or unbilled receivables consisting of costs and estimated profit in excess of billings as of the balance sheet date. many of the contracts which give rise to unbilled receivables at a given balance sheet date are subject to billings in the subsequent accounting period. we review unbilled receivables and related contract provisions to ensure we are justified in recognizing revenue prior to billing the customer and that we have objective evidence which allows us to recognize such revenue. in addition, we have a sizable amount of deferred revenue, which represents billings in excess of revenue earned. the majority of this liability consists of maintenance billings for which payments are made in advance and the revenue is ratably earned over the maintenance period, generally one year. we also have deferred revenue for those contracts in which we receive a deposit and the conditions in which to record revenue for the service or product have not been met. on a periodic basis, we review by customer the detail components of our deferred revenue to ensure our accounting remains appropriate.
intangible assets and goodwill. our business acquisitions typically result in the creation of goodwill and other intangible asset balances, and these balances affect the amount and timing of future period amortization expense, as well as expense we could possibly incur as a result of an impairment charge. the cost of acquired companies is allocated to identifiable tangible and intangible assets based on estimated fair value, with the excess allocated to goodwill. accordingly, we have a significant balance of acquisition date intangible assets, including software, customer related intangibles, trade name, leases and goodwill. these intangible assets (other than goodwill) are amortized over their estimated useful lives. we currently have no intangible assets with indefinite lives other than goodwill.
we assess goodwill for impairment annually as of april 1st, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. we begin with the qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value before applying the quantitative assessment described below. when testing goodwill for impairment quantitatively, we first compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized. the fair values calculated in our impairment tests are determined using discounted cash flow models involving several assumptions. the assumptions that are used are based upon what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. we evaluate the reasonableness of the fair value calculations of our reporting units by comparing the total of the fair value of all of our reporting units to our total market capitalization.
during the second quarter, as part of our annual impairment test, we performed qualitative assessments for all reporting units except for the data and insights reporting unit. as a result of these qualitative assessments, we determined that it was not more likely than not that an impairment existed; therefore, we did not perform a step 1 quantitative impairment test. we did perform a quantitative assessment for goodwill of $75.7 million associated with our data and insights business unit and concluded no impairment existed as of our annual assessment date. for most of our reporting units, goodwill relates to a combination of legacy and acquired businesses and as a result those units have fair values that substantially exceed their underlying carrying values. for other reporting units, in particular our platform technologies and data and insights business units, goodwill entirely relates to recently acquired businesses, and as a result those units do not have significant excess fair values over carrying values. the platform technologies and data and insights business units combined goodwill was $152.0 million, or 18%, of total goodwill as of december 31, 2020. our annual goodwill impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. during 2020, we have recorded no impairment to goodwill as no triggering events or changes in circumstances indicating a potential impairment have occurred as of period-end.
determining the fair value of our reporting units involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions and considerable management judgment. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable at the time, but such assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty. changes in market conditions or other factors outside of our control, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could cause us to change key assumptions and our judgment about a reporting unit's prospects. similarly, in a specific period, a reporting unit could significantly underperform relative to its historical or projected future operating results. either situation could result in a meaningfully different estimate of the fair value of our reporting units, and a consequent future impairment charge.
all intangible assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. recoverability of other intangible assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount to estimated undiscounted future cash flows. the assessment of recoverability or of the estimated useful life for amortization purposes will be affected if the timing or the amount of estimated future operating cash flows is not achieved. such indicators may include, among others: a significant decline in expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; and reductions in growth rates. in addition, products, capabilities, or technologies developed by others may render our software products obsolete or non-competitive. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets. during 2020, we did not identify any triggering events that would indicate that the carrying amount of our intangible assets may not be recoverable.
share-based compensation. we have a stock incentive plan that provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units to key employees, directors and non-employee consultants. we estimate the fair value of share-based awards on the date of grant. share-based compensation expense includes the estimated effects of forfeitures, which will be adjusted over the requisite service period to the extent actual forfeitures differ or are expected to differ from such estimates. changes in estimated forfeitures are recognized in the period of change and will also impact the amount of expense to be recognized in future periods. forfeiture rate assumptions are derived from historical data.
we estimate stock price volatility at the date of grant based on the historical volatility of our common stock. estimated option life is determined using the weighted-average period the stock options are expected to be outstanding based primarily on the options' vesting terms, remaining contractual life and the employees' expected exercise based on historical patterns. determining the appropriate fair-value model and calculating the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires considerable judgment, including estimating stock price volatility, expected option life and forfeiture rates.
analysis of results of operations and other the following discussion compares the historical results of operations on a basis consistent with gaap for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.
percentage of total revenues years ended december 31,
2020                                                                                             2019                    2018
revenues:
software licenses and royalties                                       6.5   %                 9.2   %                10.0   %
subscriptions                                                        31.4                    27.3                    23.6
software services                                                    16.7                    19.6                    20.5
maintenance                                                          41.9                    39.6                    41.1
appraisal services                                                    1.9                     2.2                     2.3
hardware and other                                                    1.6                     2.1                     2.5
total revenues                                                      100.0                   100.0                   100.0
operating expenses:
cost of software licenses, royalties andacquired software             3.2                     3.2                     2.9
cost of subscriptions, software services and                         45.8                    46.2                    46.9
maintenance cost of appraisal services                                            1.4                     1.4                     1.5
cost of hardware and other                                            1.1                     1.6                     1.7
selling, general and administrative expenses                         23.2                    23.7                    22.2
research and development expense                                      7.9                     7.5                     6.8
amortization of customer and trade nameintangibles                    1.9                     2.0                     1.7
operating income                                                     15.5                    14.4                    16.3
other income, net                                                     0.2                     0.3                     0.4
income before income taxes                                           15.7                    14.7                    16.7
income tax (benefit) provision                                      (1.8)                     1.2                     0.9
net income                                                           17.5   %                13.5   %                15.8   %
2020 compared to 2019
revenues on february 28, 2019, we acquired all of the capital stock of micropact, a leading provider of cots solutions, including entellitrak®, a low-code application development platform for case management and business process management used extensively in the public sector. the following table details revenue for micropact for the periods presented as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, which is included in our consolidated statements of income from the date of acquisition:
2020                    2019
revenues:
software licenses and royalties                    $5,206                  $8,737
subscriptions                                      10,823                   7,472
software services                                  21,391                  18,143
maintenance                                        39,701                  28,642
appraisal services                                      -                       -
hardware and other                                     36                      24
total revenues                                    $77,157                 $63,018
software licenses and royalties.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our software licenses and royalties revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                      2020                    2019                      $                                   %
es                                                               $64,200                   $90,808      $(26,608)                    (29)   %
a&amp;t                                                            8,964                     9,397      (433)                         (5)
total software licenses and royalties revenue                    $73,164                  $100,205      $(27,041)                    (27)   %
software licenses and royalties revenue decreased 27% compared to the prior year. the decline is primarily due to longer sales cycles attributed to our erp, public safety, and appraisal software products as the impact of covid-19 has slowed government procurement processes and some contract signings have been pushed to future periods. software licenses revenue was also negatively impacted by delayed deliveries attributed to the it security incident that occurred in late september 2020. also contributing to the decline is the shift in the mix of new software contracts toward more subscription-based agreements compared to the prior year. our total new client mix in 2020 was approximately 38% perpetual software license arrangements and approximately 62% subscription-based arrangements compared to total new client mix in 2019 of approximately 46% perpetual software license arrangements and approximately 54% subscription-based arrangements.
although the mix of new contracts between subscription-based and perpetual license arrangements may vary from quarter to quarter and year to year, we expect our longer-term software license growth rate to be negatively impacted by a growing number of customers choosing our subscription-based options, rather than purchasing the software under a traditional perpetual software license arrangement. subscription-based arrangements result in lower software license revenue in the initial year as compared to perpetual software license arrangements but generate higher overall revenue over the term of the contract.
subscriptions.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our subscriptions revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                    2020                      2019                                          $         %
es                                              $326,284                  $279,282        $47,002                17   %
a&amp;t                                           24,364                    17,070          7,294                43
total subscriptions revenue                     $350,648                  $296,352        $54,296                18   %
subscription-based revenue primarily consists of revenue derived from our saas arrangements, which generally utilize the tyler private cloud. as part of our subscription-based services, we also provide electronic document filing solutions ("e-filing") that simplify the filing and management of court related documents for courts and law offices. e-filing revenue is derived from transaction fees and fixed fee arrangements.
subscription-based revenue increased 18% compared to 2019. new saas clients as well as existing clients who converted to our saas model provided the majority of the subscription revenue increase. in 2020, we added 488 new saas clients and 157 existing clients elected to convert to our saas model. also, transaction-based fees contributed $7.7 million to the increase in subscription revenue due to the increased volumes of online payments from utility billings and slightly increased e-filing services volumes in 2020.
software services.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our software services revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2020                      2019                      $                                   %
es                                                 $164,520                  $179,865      $(15,345)                     (9)   %
a&amp;t                                              21,889                    33,196      (11,307)                     (34)
total software services revenue                    $186,409                  $213,061      $(26,652)                    (13)   %
software services revenue primarily consists of professional services billed in connection with implementing our software, converting client data, training client personnel, custom development activities and consulting. new clients who purchase our proprietary software licenses or subscriptions generally also contract with us to provide for the related software services. existing clients also periodically purchase additional training, consulting and minor programming services.
software services revenue decreased 13% compared to the prior year period. the decline in software services is due to delays in client implementations caused by covid-19 travel restrictions and shelter-in-place orders and a decline in billable travel revenue, as most services are now being delivered virtually rather than on-site. software services revenue was also lower due to interruptions caused by the it security incident that occurred in late september 2020. we estimate that as a result of the incident, revenue (primarily software services) was reduced by approximately $1.5 million in 2020; however, insurance reimbursements pertaining to lost revenue represent a contingent gain and any recovery of these revenues will be recorded when received. also contributing to the decline is the increase of clients selecting our cloud solutions instead of our on-premises license arrangements which typically require more professional services.
maintenance.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our maintenance revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                 2020                      2019                                          $         %
es                                           $429,224                  $393,521        $35,703                 9   %
a&amp;t                                        38,289                    36,797          1,492                 4
total maintenance revenue                    $467,513                  $430,318        $37,195                 9   %
we provide maintenance and support services for our software products and certain third-party software. maintenance revenue grew 9% compared to the prior year. maintenance revenue increased mainly due to contributions of maintenance revenue from recent acquisitions and completing the recognition of the majority of acquisition-related deferred maintenance revenue that was fair valued at rates below tyler's average maintenance rate in prior periods. the remainder of the increase is attributed to annual maintenance rate increases and growth in our installed customer base from new software license sales, partially offset by attrition and clients converting from on-premises license arrangements to saas.
appraisal services.
the following table sets forth a comparison of our appraisal services revenue for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2020                    2019                    $                         %
es                                                     $-                      $-      $-                        -         %
a&amp;t                                            21,127                  23,479      (2,352)                   (10)
total appraisal services revenue                  $21,127                 $23,479      $(2,352)                  (10)      %
in 2020, appraisal services revenue decreased 10% compared to the prior year primarily due to the delays to several ongoing projects as a result of travel restrictions and shelter-in-place orders related to covid-19. the appraisal services business is somewhat cyclical and driven in part by statutory revaluation cycles in various states.
cost of revenues and gross margins the following table sets forth a comparison of the key components of our cost of revenues for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                         2020                      2019                                                   $             %
software licenses and royalties                                        $3,339                    $3,938                  $(599)                  (15)   %
acquired software                                                      31,962                    30,642                   1,320                     4
subscriptions, software services and maintenance                      510,504                   502,138                   8,366                     2
appraisal services                                                     15,945                    15,337      608                                    4
hardware and other                                                     12,401                    17,472                 (5,071)                  (29)
total cost of revenues                                               $574,151                  $569,527                  $4,624                     1   %
the following table sets forth a comparison of gross margin percentage by revenue type for the years ended december 31:
gross margin percentage                                              2020               2019                    change software licenses, royalties and acquired software               51.8   %           65.5   %               (13.7)    %
subscriptions, software services and maintenance                 49.2               46.6                      2.6
appraisal services                                               24.5               34.7                   (10.2)
hardware and other                                               30.3               24.1                      6.2
overall gross margin                                             48.6   %           47.6   %                  1.0    %
software licenses, royalties and acquired software. cost of software licenses, royalties and acquired software is primarily comprised of amortization expense for acquired software and third-party software costs. we do not have any direct costs associated with royalties. the gross margin decrease of 13.7% is due to lower revenue from software licenses compared to the prior period.
subscriptions, software services and maintenance. cost of subscriptions, software services and maintenance primarily consists of personnel costs related to installation of our software, conversion of client data, training client personnel and support activities and various other services such as custom client development and on-going operation of saas and e-filing arrangements. in 2020, the subscriptions, software services and maintenance gross margin increased 2.6% compared to the prior year. margins have increased primarily due to a reduction in software services revenues from reimbursable travel that has little to no margin, as well as improved utilization of our professional services staff resulting from the shift to virtual delivery of most implementation services, offset somewhat by the reduction in software services revenues as a result of the incident in late september 2020. our implementation and support staff grew by 131 employees since december 31, 2019, as we increased hiring to ensure that we are well-positioned to deliver our current backlog and anticipated new business. costs related to maintenance and various other services such as saas and e-filing typically grow at a slower rate than related revenue due to leverage in the utilization of support and maintenance staff and economies of scale.
appraisal services. appraisal services revenue comprised approximately 1.9% of total revenue. the appraisal services gross margin decreased 10.2% compared to 2019 due to lower staff utilization as a result of covid-19 travel restrictions and shelter-in-place orders in place during the current period. the appraisal services business is somewhat cyclical and driven in part by statutory revaluation cycles in various states.
our 2020 blended gross margin increased 1.0% compared to 2019. the slight increase in overall gross margin is attributed to a higher revenue mix for subscription revenues compared to the prior year periods resulting in an increase in incremental margin related to subscriptions, software services and maintenance. margins have also increased due a reduction in software services revenue from reimbursable travel that has little to no margin, as well as improved utilization of our professional services staff resulting from the shift to virtual delivery of most implementation services, offset somewhat by the reduction in software services revenues as a result of the incident in late september 2020. costs related to maintenance and various other services such as saas and e-filing typically grow at a slower rate than related revenue due to leveraging utilization of support and maintenance staff and economies of scale. in addition, the cancellation of our connect user conference scheduled for april 2020 and the related elimination of approximately $6 million of revenues with no associated margin also had a positive impact on our overall gross margin. these increases in overall gross margins are partially offset by lower margins from software licenses due to lower software license revenue as well as lower staffing utilization attributable to appraisal services.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, travel, share-based compensation expense, commissions and related overhead costs for administrative and sales and marketing employees, as well as, professional fees, trade show activities, advertising costs and other marketing related costs. the following table sets forth a comparison of our sg&a expenses for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                   2020                      2019                      $                       %
selling, general and administrative expenses                   $259,561                  $257,746      $1,815         1              %
sg&a as a percentage of revenue was 23.2% in 2020 compared to 23.7% in 2019. sg&a expense increased approximately 1% compared to the prior year period. the increase in sg&a expense is attributed to increased stock compensation expense compared to the prior period. during 2020, stock compensation expense rose $4.3 million compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in share-based awards issued in connection with our stock compensation plan coupled with the higher fair value of each share-based award due to the increase in our stock price. these increases in sg&a were offset by lower bonus and commission expense as a result of lower sales, lower travel expenses associated with sales and marketing activities, including trade shows, as a result of covid-19 travel restrictions, and lower health claim expenses during the current period.
research and development expense research and development expense consists primarily of salaries, employee benefits and related overhead costs associated with new product development. the following table sets forth a comparison of our research and development expense for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2020                    2019                    $                       %
research and development expense                  $88,363                 $81,342      $7,021         9              %
research and development expense consists mainly of costs associated with development of new products and technologies from which we do not currently generate significant revenue.
research and development expense increased 9% in 2020 compared to the prior year period, mainly due to a number of new tyler product development initiatives across our product suites, including increased investments in research and development at recently acquired businesses. to support these initiatives, our research and development staff grew by 38 since december 31, 2019.
amortization of customer and trade name intangibles acquisition intangibles are comprised of the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired that is allocated to acquired software, leases and customer and trade name intangibles. the remaining excess purchase price is allocated to goodwill that is not subject to amortization. amortization expense related to acquired software is included with cost of revenues, while amortization expense of customer and trade name intangibles is recorded as operating expense. the estimated useful lives of both customer and trade name intangibles range from five to 25 years. the following table sets forth a comparison of amortization of customer and trade name intangibles for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                                            2020                    2019                    $                     %
amortization of customer and trade name intangibles                    $21,662                 $21,445      $217         1              %
amortization of customer and trade name intangibles increased due to the impact of intangibles added with several acquisitions completed in 2019.
estimated annual amortization expense relating to customer and trade name acquisition intangibles, excluding acquired software for which the amortization expense is recorded as cost of revenues, for the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands):
2021     $21,317
2022      20,827
2023      20,753
2024      20,201
2025      19,672
thereafter     116,779
amortization expense relating to acquired leases will be recorded as a reduction to hardware and other revenue and is expected to be $525,000 in 2021, $525,000 in 2022, $525,000 in 2023, $525,000 in 2024, $397,000 in 2025, and $114,000 thereafter.
other the following table sets forth a comparison of other income, net for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)        2020                    2019                    $                         %
other income, net                   $2,116                  $3,471      $(1,355)                  (39)%
other income is comprised of interest income from invested cash net of interest expense and non-usage and other fees associated with our revolving credit agreement. the decrease in other income, net compared to the prior period is attributable to the significant decrease in interest rates on cash balances since march 2020, partially offset by higher levels of invested cash.
income tax provision the following table sets forth a comparison of our income tax provision for the years ended december 31:
change
($ in thousands)                       2020                                         2019   $                         %
income tax (benefit) provision                    $(19,778)                  $13,311       $(33,089)                 (249)     %
effective income tax rate                            (11.3)   %                  8.3   %
the decrease in the income tax provision and the effective income tax rate in 2020 compared to the prior year is primarily due to higher excess tax benefits of share-based compensation in 2020. the share-based exercise and vesting activity in 2020 generated excess tax benefits of $60.2 million, while exercise and vesting activity in 2019 generated $29.8 million of excess tax benefits. excluding the impact of the excess tax benefits, our income tax provision and effective tax rate in 2020 would have been $40.4 million and 23.1% and in 2019, would have been $43.1 million and 27.0%, respectively.
the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security ("cares") act, which was signed into law on march 27, 2020, provides an estimated $2.2 trillion to fight the covid-19 pandemic and stimulate the u.s. economy. the assistance includes tax relief and government loans, and investments and grants for entities in affected industries (e.g., health care, airlines). the business tax provisions of the cares act include temporary changes to income and non-income based tax laws, including the ability to utilize net operating losses, interest expense deductions, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, charitable contributions, and depreciation of qualified improvement property. measures not related to income-based taxes include (1) allowing an employer to pay its share of social security payroll taxes that would otherwise be due from the date of enactment through december 31, 2020, over the following two years and (2) allowing eligible employers subject to closure due to the covid-19 pandemic to receive a 50% credit on qualified wages against their employment taxes each quarter, with any excess credits eligible for refunds.
the most significant provision of the cares act impacting our accounting for income taxes is the five-year carryback allowance for taxable net operating losses generated in tax years in which the statutory federal income tax rate is 21.0% to periods in which the statutory federal income tax rate is 35.0%. we intend to carry back our 2020 taxable loss into our 2015 tax year, which results in a $3.4 million income tax benefit in the current year.
the effective income tax rates in both 2020 and 2019 differed from the united states federal statutory corporate income tax rate of 21% primarily due to state income taxes, the research tax credit, non-deductible share-based compensation expense, disqualifying incentive stock award dispositions, and other non-deductible business expenses. the 2020 effective income tax rate also includes the tax benefit of the five-year carryback of the federal net operating loss allowed under the cares act.
financial condition and liquidity as of december 31, 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents of $603.6 million compared to $232.7 million at december 31, 2019. we also had $154.8 million invested in investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities as of december 31, 2020, compared to $81.6 million at december 31, 2019. these investments mature from 2021 through 2028 and we intend to hold these investments until maturity. cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with several domestic banks and money market funds. as of december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings and one outstanding letter of credit totaling $2.0 million in favor of a client contract. we believe our revolving line of credit, cash from operating activities, cash on hand and access to the credit markets provide us with sufficient flexibility to meet our long-term financial needs.
the following table sets forth a summary of cash flows for the years ended december 31:
($ in thousands)                                            2020                      2019                      2018
cash flows provided (used) by:
operating activities                                                    $355,089                  $254,720                  $250,203
investing activities                                                    (98,320)                 (245,015)                 (238,255)
financing activities                                                     114,172                    88,698                  (63,595)
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    $370,941                   $98,403                 $(51,647)
net cash provided by operating activities continues to be our primary source of funds to finance operating needs and capital expenditures. other potential capital resources include cash on hand, public and private issuances of debt or equity securities, and bank borrowings. it is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets in the future may be limited by economic conditions or other factors. we currently believe that cash provided by operating activities, cash on hand and available credit are sufficient to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, income tax obligations, and share repurchases for at least the next twelve months.
in 2020, operating activities provided cash of $355.1 million compared to $254.7 million in 2019. operating activities that provided cash were primarily comprised of net income of $194.8 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization charges of $81.7 million, non-cash share-based compensation expense of $67.4 million and non-cash decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets of $5.8 million. working capital, excluding cash, decreased approximately $1.9 million due to higher accounts receivable resulting from an increase in unbilled receivables attributed to revenues recognized prior to billings, higher accounts receivable related to annual maintenance and subscription billings, timing of income tax payments, and the deferred taxes associated with stock option activity during the period. these increases were offset by the growth in deferred revenue balances and timing of payments of payroll related taxes and vendor invoices.
in general, changes in the balance of deferred revenue are cyclical and primarily driven by the timing of our maintenance and subscription billings. our renewal dates occur throughout the year, but our largest maintenance renewal cycles occur in the second and fourth quarters.
days sales outstanding in accounts receivable were 121 days at december 31, 2020, compared to 117 days at december 31, 2019. the increase in our dso is mainly due to an increase in unbilled receivables attributed to the increase in software license revenue for which we have recognized revenue at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer, but the billing has not yet been submitted to the customer. an increase in software services contracts accounted for using progress-to-completion method of revenue recognition in which the services are performed in one accounting period, but the billing normally occurs subsequently in another accounting period also contributed to the increase in dso. furthermore, our maintenance billing cycle typically peaks at its highest level in june and second highest level in december of each year and is followed by collections in the subsequent quarter. dso is calculated based on quarter-end accounts receivable (excluding long-term receivables but including unbilled receivables) divided by the quotient of annualized quarterly revenues divided by 360 days.
investing activities used cash of $98.3 million in 2020 compared to $245.0 million in 2019. we invested $156.6 million and received $82.7 million in proceeds from investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities with maturity dates ranging from 2021 through 2028. during 2020, we received $15.0 million in proceeds from the sale of the investment in convertible preferred stock representing a 20% interest in record holdings to bftr, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of bison capital partners v.l.p. during the same period, we purchased $10.0 million in common stock representing a 18% interest in bftr, llc. we paid $1.3 million in working capital and indemnity holdbacks in connection with the 2019 acquisition of courthouse technologies, ltd. approximately $22.7 million was invested in property and equipment, including $9.9 million related to real estate. in addition, approximately $5.8 million of software development was capitalized in 2020. the remaining additions were for computer equipment and furniture and fixtures in support of internal growth, particularly with respect to data centers supporting growth in our cloud-based offerings. these expenditures were funded from cash generated from operations.
in 2019, we invested $54.7 million and received $70.8 million in proceeds from investment grade corporate bonds, municipal bonds and asset-backed securities with maturity dates ranging from 2020 through 2023. on february 28, 2019, we acquired all of the capital stock of micropact. the total purchase price, net of cash acquired of $2.0 million, was approximately $202.2 million, including $198.2 million paid in cash and accrued contingent consideration of $6.0 million at december 31, 2019. on february 1, 2019, we acquired all the assets of mycivic for the total purchase price of $3.7 million paid in cash. on october 30, 2019, we acquired certain assets of cht. the total purchase price was approximately $20.5 million of which $19.1 million was paid in cash and approximately $1.4 million accrued for working capital and indemnity holdbacks, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. approximately $37.2 million was invested in property and equipment, including $20.8 million related to real estate. in addition, approximately $4.8 million of software development was capitalized in 2019. the remaining additions were for computer equipment and furniture and fixtures in support of internal growth, particularly with respect to data centers supporting growth in our cloud-based offerings. these expenditures were funded from cash generated from operations.
financing activities provided cash of $114.2 million in 2020 compared to $88.7 million in 2019. financing activities in 2020 were primarily comprised of collections of $135.3 million from stock option exercises and employee stock purchase plan activity. we also purchased approximately 59,000 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $15.5 million.
financing activities provided cash of $88.7 million in 2019 compared to cash used of $63.6 million in 2018. financing activities in 2019 were primarily comprised of collections of $106.5 million from stock option exercises and employee stock purchase plan activity. we also purchased approximately 72,000 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $14.3 million.
in february 2019, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 1.5 million shares of tyler common stock. the repurchase program, which was approved by our board of directors, was announced in october 2002, and was amended at various times from 2003 through 2019. as of february 19, 2021, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to 2.5 million additional shares of our common stock. our share repurchase program allows us to repurchase shares at our discretion. market conditions influence the timing of the buybacks and the number of shares repurchased, as well as the volume of employee stock option exercises. share repurchases are generally funded using our existing cash balances and borrowings under our credit facility and may occur through open market purchases and transactions structured through investment banking institutions, privately negotiated transactions and/or other mechanisms. there is no expiration date specified for the authorization and we intend to repurchase stock under the plan from time to time.
on september 30, 2019, we entered into a $400.0 million credit agreement (the "credit facility") with the various lenders party thereto and wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent. the credit facility provides for an unsecured revolving credit line of up to $400.0 million, including a $25.0 million sublimit for letters of credit. the credit facility matures on september 30, 2024. borrowings under the credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital requirements, acquisitions and share repurchases. borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at a rate of either (1) wells fargo bank's prime rate (subject to certain higher rate determinations) plus a margin of 0.125% to 0.75% or (2) the 30, 60, 90 or 180 day libor rate plus a margin of 1.125% to 1.75%. as of december 31, 2020, our interest rate was 3.38% under the prime rate option or approximately 1.27% under the 30-day libor option. the credit facility is unsecured by substantially all of our assets. the credit facility requires us to maintain certain financial ratios and other financial conditions and prohibits us from making certain investments, advances, cash dividends or loans, and limits incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens. as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with those covenants.
as of december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings and had unused borrowing capacity of $400.0 million under the credit facility. we paid interest of $610,000 in 2020, $1,750,000 in 2019, and $770,000 in 2018.
we paid income taxes, net of refunds received, of $3.3 million in 2020, $21.3 million in 2019, and $6.8 million in 2018. in 2020, we experienced significant stock option exercise activity that generated net tax benefits of $60.2 million and reduced tax payments accordingly. in 2019 and 2018, excess tax benefits were $29.8 million and $32.5 million, respectively.
we anticipate that 2021 capital spending will be between $39 million and $40 million, including approximately $3 million related to real estate and approximately $17 million of capitalized software development. we expect the majority of the other capital spending will consist of computer equipment and software for infrastructure replacements and expansion. capital spending is expected to be funded from existing cash balances and cash flows from operations.
from time to time we engage in discussions with potential acquisition candidates. in order to pursue such opportunities, which could require significant commitments of capital, we may be required to incur debt or to issue additional potentially dilutive securities in the future. no assurance can be given as to our future acquisition opportunities and how such opportunities will be financed. we lease office facilities for use in our operations, as well as transportation and other equipment. most of our leases are non-cancelable operating lease agreements and they expire from one year to seven years. some of these leases include options to extend for up to 10 years.
capitalization at december 31, 2020, our capitalization consisted of no outstanding debt and $2.0 billion of shareholders' equity.
