item 1a.   risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future growth. we could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the united states, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k before making an investment in our common stock.
business, operational and strategic risks we may not be able to sustain our growth plans and successfully implement our long-range strategic and financial plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our continued and future growth largely depends on our ability to implement our long-range strategic and financial plans and successfully open and operate new stores on a profitable basis. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our growth plans or long-range strategic imperatives, including our efficiencies for growth cost optimization program, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
if we are unable to gauge beauty trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease.
we believe our success depends in substantial part on our ability to:
●   recognize and define product and beauty trends;

●   anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences (including relating to sustainability of product sources and packaging, ingredient transparency, and animal welfare) in a timely manner;

●   translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product, and service offerings in our stores and salons in advance of our competitors;

●   develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms; and

●   distribute merchandise to our stores in an efficient and effective manner and maintain appropriate in-stock levels.

13
if we are unable to anticipate and fulfill the merchandise needs of the consumer, our net sales may decrease and we may be forced to increase markdowns of slow-moving merchandise, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock.
our comparable sales and quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. a variety of factors affect our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance, including:
●   general u.s. economic conditions and, in particular, the retail sales environment;

●   changes in our merchandising strategy or mix;

●   performance of our new and remodeled stores;

●   the effectiveness of our inventory management;

●   timing and concentration of new store openings, including additional human resource requirements and related pre-opening and other start-up costs;

●   cannibalization of existing store sales by new store openings;

●   levels of pre-opening expenses associated with new stores;

●   timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities;

●   seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions;

●   actions by our existing or new competitors; and

●   hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, earthquakes, mudslides, other natural disasters, and epidemics or pandemics.

accordingly, our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable sales for any particular future period may decrease. in that event, the price of our common stock may decline.
any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution centers could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with direct-to-store arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. we are a retailer carrying over 25,000 beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events (such as covid-19), labor disagreements, or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores and guests, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. in addition, shipping and transportation costs represent a component of our cost structure and an increase in shipping and transportation costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our e-commerce platform exposes us to certain additional risks which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we offer most of our beauty products for sale through our ulta.com website and through our mobile applications. as a result, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand, and develop our internet operations, website, mobile applications and software, and other related operational systems. although we believe that our omnichannel participation is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new customers, supporting product offerings through these channels can create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. for example, if our e-commerce platform successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing guests, rather than new guests, who choose to purchase products from us online or through our
14
mobile applications rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. in addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential internet or mobile customers to consider competing distributors of beauty products. offering products through our internet channel or through our mobile applications could also cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet or mobile offerings of their products either on their own or through competing distributors. additionally, omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing guest expectations and new developments by our competitors. as we continue to grow our e-commerce platform, the impact of attracting existing rather than new guests, conflicts between product offerings online or through our mobile applications and through our stores, and opening up our channels to increased competition from pure-play e-commerce companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. in addition, if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant guest-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
increased costs or interruption in our third-party vendors' overseas sourcing operations could disrupt production, shipment, or receipt of some of our merchandise, which could result in lost sales and could increase our costs.
we directly source the majority of our ulta beauty branded product components and gifts with purchase and other promotional products through third-party vendors using foreign factories. in addition, many of our vendors use overseas sourcing to varying degrees to manufacture some or all of their products. any event causing a sudden disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of additional import restrictions, unanticipated political changes, increased customs duties, legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers' ability to produce and deliver products, and natural disasters, could materially harm our operations. we have no long-term supply contracts with respect to such foreign-sourced items, many of which are subject to existing or potential duties, tariffs, or quotas that may limit the quantity of certain types of goods that may be imported into the united states from such countries. our business is also subject to a variety of other risks generally associated with sourcing goods from abroad, such as political instability, disruption of imports by labor disputes, and local business practices. our sourcing operations may also be hurt by health concerns regarding infectious diseases in countries in which our merchandise is produced (such as covid-19), adverse weather conditions or natural disasters that may occur overseas, or acts of war or terrorism in the united states or worldwide, to the extent these acts affect the production, shipment, or receipt of merchandise. our future operations and performance will be subject to these factors, and these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs.
diversion of exclusive salon products, or a decision by manufacturers of exclusive salon products to utilize other distribution channels, could negatively impact our revenue from the sale of such products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
the retail products that we sell in our salons are meant to be sold exclusively by professional salons and authorized professional retail outlets. however, incidents of product diversion occur, which involve the selling of salon exclusive haircare products to unauthorized channels such as drug stores, grocery stores, or mass merchandisers. diversion could result in adverse publicity that harms the commercial prospects of our products (if diverted products are old, tainted, or damaged), as well as lower product revenues should consumers choose to purchase diverted product from these channels rather than purchasing from one of our salons. additionally, the various product manufacturers could, in the future, decide to utilize other distribution channels for such products, therefore widening the availability of these products in other retail channels, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products.
the capacity of our distribution and order fulfillment infrastructure and the performance of our distribution centers and fast fulfillment centers may not be adequate to support our historical growth and expected future growth plans, which could prevent the successful implementation of these plans or cause us to incur excess costs to expand this infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we currently operate four distribution centers, which house the distribution operations for ulta beauty retail stores together with the order fulfillment operations of our e-commerce platform, and two fast fulfillment centers (e-commerce
15
only). in 2014, we began a multi-year supply chain project, which focused on, among other things, adding capacity and system improvements to support expanded omnichannel capabilities. to support our historical and expected future growth and to maintain the efficient operation of our business, it is likely additional distribution centers or fast fulfillment centers will be added in the future. our failure to effectively upgrade and expand our distribution capacity on a timely basis to keep pace with our anticipated growth in stores and the performance of our distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we rely on our good relationships with brand partners to purchase prestige, mass, and salon beauty products on reasonable terms. if these relationships were to be impaired, or if certain brand partners were to change their distribution model, or are unable to supply sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient selection or volume of merchandise on reasonable terms, and we may not be able to respond promptly to changing trends in beauty products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we have no long-term supply agreements with brand partners and, therefore, our success depends on maintaining good relationships with our brand partners. our business depends to a significant extent on the willingness and ability of our brand partners to supply us with a sufficient selection and volume of products to stock our stores. some of our prestige brand partners may not have the capacity to supply us with sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans. we also have strategic partnerships with certain core brands, which have allowed us to benefit from the growing popularity of such brands. any of our other core brands could in the future decide to scale back or end its partnership with us and strengthen its relationship with our competitors, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products. if we fail to maintain strong relationships with our existing brand partners, or if we fail to continue acquiring and strengthening relationships with additional brand partners of beauty products, our ability to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of merchandise on reasonable terms may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our competitive position.
during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019, merchandise supplied to ulta beauty by our top ten brand partners accounted for approximately 56% and 61% of our net sales, respectively. there continues to be vendor consolidation within the beauty products industry. the loss of or a reduction in the amount of merchandise made available to us by any one of these key vendors, or by any of our other brand partners, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
use of social media may adversely impact our reputation.
there has been a substantial increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based and mobile communications, which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. negative commentary regarding us or the products we sell may be posted on social media platforms and similar devices at any time and may be adverse to our reputation or business. customers value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy or source. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.
we also use social media platforms as marketing tools. for example, we maintain facebook, twitter, instagram, and pinterest accounts. as laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees, or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
if we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our business requires disciplined execution at all levels of our organization. this execution requires an experienced and talented management team. if we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts, and abilities of key executive personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. furthermore, our ability to manage our retail expansion will require us to continue to train, motivate, and manage our associates. we will need to attract, motivate, and retain additional qualified executive, managerial, and merchandising
16
personnel and store associates. competition for this type of personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting, assimilating, and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business profitably.
our secured revolving credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants that could limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to open stores.
we have a $1.0 billion secured revolving credit facility with a term expiring in march 2025. substantially all of our assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the agreement. outstanding borrowings bear interest at either a base rate plus a margin of 0% to 0.125% or the london interbank offered rate plus a margin of 1.125% to 1.25% and the unused line fee is 0.20% per annum. the credit facility agreement contains usual and customary restrictive covenants relating to our management and the operation of our business. these covenants, among other things, limit our ability to grant liens on our assets, incur additional indebtedness, pay cash dividends and redeem our stock, enter into transactions with affiliates, and merge or consolidate with another entity. these covenants could restrict our operational flexibility and any failure to comply with these covenants or our payment obligations would limit our ability to borrow under the credit facility and, in certain circumstances, may allow the lenders thereunder to require repayment.
economic, market and other external risksthe covid-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, cash flows and supply chain, as well as consumer spending.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19 a global pandemic. federal, state and local governments have since implemented numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus, shelter-in-place restrictions, and limitations or shutdowns of business operations. in response to government recommendations and for the health and safety of our associates (i.e., employees) and guests, on march 19, 2020 we temporarily closed all stores across the u.s. as a result of this decision, we experienced a significant reduction in customer traffic and demand which resulted in our sales and results of operations being negatively impacted. while we have reopened all stores, the potential temporary reclosing of certain stores in the future is possible. covid-19 could also negatively impact our future results of operations by continuing to weaken demand for our products and services and/or by disrupting our supply chain.
the covid-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty and has caused an economic slowdown that may continue. the pandemic has also led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which may adversely affect our and our suppliers' liquidity.
the covid-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, a negative impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, cash flows and supply chain, although the full extent is still uncertain. as the pandemic continues to evolve, the extent of the impact on our business, financial condition, profitability, cash flows and supply chain will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the potential temporary reclosing of certain of our stores, the potential temporary restrictions on certain of our stores operating hours and/or in store capacity, the duration of potential future quarantines, shelter-in-place and other travel restrictions within u.s. and other affected countries, the duration of the pandemic (including any continuing relapses), the actions to contain the virus and/or treat its impact, the duration, timing and severity of the impact on consumer spending, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
epidemics, pandemics like covid-19, natural disasters, or other catastrophes or crises that have and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises, natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornados, wildfires, earthquakes, and mudslides, as well as acts of violence or terrorism, have resulted in the temporary closure of our stores and, in the future, could also result in physical damage to our properties, the temporary reclosing of our stores, the temporary closing of our distribution centers and fast fulfillment centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force,
17
the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products (or a substantial increase in the cost of those products) from domestic or foreign suppliers, the temporary disruption in the delivery of goods both to and from our distribution centers and fast fulfillment centers (or a substantial increase in the cost of those deliveries), the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores and/or the temporary reduction in visits to stores by customers. accordingly, if one or more epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, and/or acts of violence or terrorism were to occur (as it is with the covid-19 pandemic), it has and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows or may require us to incur increased costs.
the health of the economy in the channels we serve may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the capital markets and the economy generally. we appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers and premium salon services. uncertainty in the economy could adversely impact consumer purchases of discretionary items across all of our product categories, including prestige beauty products and premium salon services. factors that could affect consumers' willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, and risks related to epidemics or pandemics like covid-19. in the event of a prolonged economic downturn or acute recession, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected, and we could experience lower than expected net sales.
in addition, a general deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our commercial partners including our brand partners as well as the real estate developers and landlords who we rely on to construct and operate centers in which our stores are located. a bankruptcy or financial failure of a significant vendor or a number of significant real estate developers or shopping center landlords could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. additionally, volatility and disruption to the capital and credit markets may have a significant, adverse impact on global economic conditions, resulting in recessionary pressures and declines in consumer confidence and economic growth, which, in turn, may lead to declines in consumer spending. reduced consumer spending could cause changes in customer order patterns and changes in the level of merchandise purchased by our customers, and may signify a reset of consumer spending habits, all of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets.
the markets for beauty products and salon services are highly competitive with few barriers to entry. we compete against a diverse group of retailers, both small and large, including regional and national department stores, specialty retailers, drug stores, mass merchandisers, high-end and discount salon chains, locally owned beauty retailers and salons, online capabilities of national retailers, pure-play e-commerce companies, catalog retailers, and direct response television, including television home shopping retailers and infomercials. we believe the principal bases upon which we compete are the breadth of merchandise, our value proposition, the quality of our guests' shopping experience, and the convenience of our stores as one-stop destinations for beauty products and salon services. many of our competitors are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources and therefore, may be able to adapt to changes in customer requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generate greater national brand recognition, or adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. as a result, we may lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
a reduction in traffic to, or the closing of, the other destination retailers in the shopping areas where our stores are located could significantly reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
as a result of our real estate strategy, most of our stores are located in off-mall shopping areas known as power centers. power centers typically contain three to five big-box anchor stores along with a variety of smaller specialty tenants. as a
18
consequence of most of our stores being located in such shopping areas, our sales are derived, in part, from the volume of traffic generated by the other destination retailers and the anchor stores in power centers where our stores are located. customer traffic to these shopping areas may be adversely affected by the closing of such destination retailers or anchor stores, or by a reduction in traffic to such stores resulting from a regional or global economic downturn, an outbreak of flu or other viruses (such as covid-19), a general downturn in the local area where our store is located, or a decline in the desirability of the shopping environment of a particular power center. such a reduction in customer traffic would reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. we may respond by increasing markdowns, initiating marketing promotions, or transferring product to other stores to reduce excess inventory, which would further decrease our gross profits and net income.
increases in the demand for, or the price of, raw materials used to build and remodel our stores could hurt our profitability.
the raw materials used to build and remodel our stores are subject to availability constraints and price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, government regulations, general economic conditions, and other unpredictable factors. as a retailer engaged in an active building and remodeling program, we are particularly vulnerable to increases in construction and remodeling costs. as a result, increases in the demand for, or the price of, raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our stock repurchase programs could affect the price of our common stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock.
we may have in place from time to time, a stock repurchase program. any such stock repurchase program adopted will not obligate the company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under any such stock repurchase program depends on a variety of factors including the timing of open trading windows, price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other market conditions. we may affect repurchases under any stock repurchase program from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, including accelerated stock repurchase arrangements. repurchases pursuant to any such stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. the existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. there can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness.
regulatory, legal and cybersecurity risks cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information, result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential guest, employee, company and/or business partners' information, damage our reputation, and expose us to liability, which could negatively impact our business.
in the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process, and store sensitive and confidential data, including our proprietary business information and that of our guests, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our guests and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. the secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. we rely on commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of confidential information. despite the security measures we have in place and continual vigilance in regard to the protection of sensitive information, our systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, attacks by hackers, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, human errors, or other similar events. furthermore, we allow certain of our employees to work from home as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, as certain of our third-party service providers also allow, and this remote working environment may increase cybersecurity related risks. any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen.
19
any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our business, products, and services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems, and any failure to adequately protect our critical information technology systems or any material disruption of our information systems could negatively impact financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations, particularly during the holiday season.
we are increasingly dependent on a variety of information systems, including management, supply chain and financial information, and various other processes and transactions, to effectively manage our business. we also plan to expand and upgrade our information systems to support historical and expected future growth. the failure of our information systems to perform as designed or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. any material disruption of our systems could disrupt our ability to track, record, and analyze the merchandise that we sell and could cause delays or cancellation of customer orders or impede the manufacture or shipment of products, the processing of transactions, our ability to receive and process e-commerce orders, and/or the reporting of financial results.
our e-commerce operations are increasingly important to our business. the ulta.com website and our mobile applications serve as an effective extension of ulta beauty's marketing and prospecting strategies (beyond catalogs, newspaper inserts, and national advertising) by exposing potential new customers to the ulta beauty brand, product offerings, and enhanced content. as the importance of our website, mobile applications, and e-commerce operations to our business grows, we are increasingly vulnerable to downtime and other technical failures. our failure to successfully respond to these risks could reduce e-commerce sales and damage our brand's reputation.
litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims and the outcome of such litigation, proceedings or claims, including possible fines and penalties, could have a material adverse effect on our business and any loss contingency accruals may not be adequate to cover actual losses.
from time to time, we are subject to litigation, including potential class action and single-plaintiff litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims in the ordinary course of our business operations regarding, but not limited to, employment matters, consumer claims, security of consumer and employee personal information, contractual relations with suppliers, marketing and infringement of trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. litigation to defend ourselves against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties, may be necessary, which could absorb significant management time, result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows. we establish accruals for potential liability arising from litigation and other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims when potential liability is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. we may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not accrued a liability. in addition, actual losses may be higher than the amount accrued for a certain matter, or in the aggregate. any resolution of litigation or other legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
specifically, our technologies, promotional products purchased from third-party vendors, and/or ulta beauty branded products, or potential products in development may infringe rights under patents, patent applications, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property rights of third parties in the united states and abroad. these third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful, could cause us to pay substantial damages. further, if a third party were to bring an intellectual property infringement suit against us, we could be forced to stop or delay development, manufacturing, or sales of the product that is the subject of the suit.
as a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. these licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened intellectual property infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. even if we
20
were able to obtain a license, the rights may be non-exclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. the inability to enter into licenses could harm our business significantly.
if our manufacturers are unable to produce products manufactured uniquely for ulta beauty, including ulta beauty branded products and gifts with purchase and other promotional products, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, we could suffer lost sales and be required to take costly corrective action, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and therefore depend upon independent third-party vendors for the manufacture of all products manufactured uniquely for ulta beauty, including the ulta beauty collection and ulta beauty branded gifts with purchase and other promotional products. our third-party manufacturers of ulta beauty products may not maintain adequate controls with respect to product specifications and quality and may not continue to produce products that are consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. if we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we could be required to take costly corrective action. in addition, sanctions under various laws may include seizure of products, injunctions against future shipment of products, restitution and disgorgement of profits, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecution. the fda does not have a pre-market approval system for cosmetics, and we believe we are permitted to market our cosmetics and have them manufactured without submitting safety or efficacy data to the fda. however, cosmetic products may become subject to more extensive regulation in the future. these events could interrupt the marketing and sale of our ulta beauty products, severely damage our brand reputation and image in the marketplace, increase the cost of our products, cause us to fail to meet customer expectations, or cause us to be unable to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or of sufficient quality to our stores, any of which could result in lost sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we, as well as our vendors, are subject to laws and regulations that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
in our u.s. markets, numerous laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local levels can affect our business. legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations. if we fail to comply with any present or future laws or regulations, we could be subject to future liabilities, a prohibition on the operation of our stores, or a prohibition on the sale of our ulta beauty branded products. in particular, failure to adequately comply with the following legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
●   our large workforce makes us vulnerable to changes in labor and employment laws. in addition, changes in federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws relating to employee benefits could cause us to incur additional wage and benefits costs, which could hurt our profitability and affect our growth strategy.

●   our salon operations are subject to state board regulations and state licensing requirements for our stylists and our salon procedures. failure to maintain compliance with these regulatory and licensing requirements could jeopardize the viability of our salons.

●   we operate stores in california, which has enacted legislation commonly referred to as "proposition 65" requiring that "clear and reasonable" warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. although we have sought to comply with proposition 65 requirements, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by litigation relating to proposition 65.

●   future changes in healthcare reform legislation could significantly impact our business.

in addition, concern over climate change and greenhouse gases may result in new or additional legal, legislative, and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, which could result in future tax, transportation, and utility increases, which could adversely affect our business. there is also increased focus, including by investors, guests, and other stakeholders on these and other environmental, social, governance and sustainability matters, including the use of plastic, energy, waste, and worker safety. our reputation could be damaged if
21
we do not (or are perceived not to) act responsibly with respect to these matters, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, sale, and storage of our vendors' products and our ulta beauty branded products are also subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including fda, ftc, cpsc, and various state and local agencies, such as state ags and district attorneys. if we, our vendors, or the manufacturers of our ulta beauty branded products fail to comply with those regulations, we could become subject to significant penalties, claims, or product recalls, which could harm our results of operations or our ability to conduct our business.
additionally, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketability of our vendors' products or our ulta beauty branded products, resulting in significant loss of net sales. our failure to comply with federal, state, or local requirements when we advertise our products (including prices) or services, or engage in other promotional activities, in digital (including social media), television, or print may result in enforcement actions and imposition of penalties or otherwise harm the distribution and sale of our products.
our associates or others may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with our policies and procedures.we are exposed to the risk of misconduct or other improper activities by our associates and third parties such as independent contractors or agents. misconduct by associates, independent contractors, or agents could include inadvertent or intentional failures to comply with our policies and procedures, the laws and regulations to which we are subject, and/or ethical, social, product, labor, and environmental standards. our current and former associates or independent contractors may also become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial and gender discrimination, or other similar misconduct, which, regardless or the ultimate outcome, may result in adverse publicity that could significantly harm our brand, reputation, and operations. associate misconduct could also involve improper use of information obtained in the course of the associate's prior or current employment, which could result in legal or regulatory action and harm to our reputation.
if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
we regard our trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. our principal intellectual property rights include registered and common law trademarks on "the possibilities are beautiful.®," "ulta beauty," "ulta," and other marks incorporating our name and "all things beauty. all in one place®," "21 days of beauty®," and "conscious beauty at ulta beautytm," copyrights in our website and mobile applications content, rights to our domain name www.ulta.com, and trade secrets and know-how with respect to our ulta beauty branded product formulations, product sourcing, sales and marketing and other aspects of our business, and our digital innovations such as try-on applications and artificial intelligence. as such, we rely on trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality agreements with certain of our employees, consultants, suppliers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. if we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights for any reason (including any cybersecurity incident that results in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights), or if other parties infringe on our intellectual property rights, our brand and reputation could be impaired and we could lose customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
our ulta beauty branded products and salon services may cause unexpected and undesirable side effects that could result in their discontinuance or expose us to lawsuits, either of which could result in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
unexpected and undesirable side effects caused by our ulta beauty branded products for which we have not provided sufficient label warnings or salon services, which may have been performed negligently, could result in the
22
discontinuance of sales of our products or of certain salon services or prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected products and services. such side effects could also expose us to product liability or negligence lawsuits. any claims brought against us may exceed our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. any judgment against us that is in excess of our policy limits would have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources. these events could cause negative publicity regarding our company, brand, or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and net sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability, and cash flows.
anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of the company would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price of our common stock, and harm the market price of our common stock and diminish the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. these provisions include:
●   dividing our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms;

●   authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock without stockholder approval;

●   prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent;

●   prohibiting our stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders;

●   prohibiting our stockholders from making certain changes to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws except with a two-thirds majority stockholder approval; and

●   requiring advance notice for raising business matters or nominating directors at stockholders' meetings.

we are also subject to provisions of delaware law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15% or more of our common stock for three years after the stockholder becomes a 15% stockholder, subject to specified exceptions. together, these provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of delaware law could make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we were founded in 1990 as a beauty retailer at a time when prestige, mass, and salon products were sold through distinct channels - department stores for prestige products; drug stores and mass merchandisers for mass products; and salons and authorized retail outlets for professional hair care products. we developed a unique specialty retail concept that offers a broad range of brands and price points, a compelling value proposition, and a convenient and welcoming shopping environment. we define our target consumer as a beauty enthusiast, a consumer who is passionate about the beauty category and has high expectations for the shopping experience. we estimate that beauty enthusiasts represent approximately 57% of shoppers and 77% of spend in the u.s. beauty category. we believe our strategy provides us with the competitive advantages that have contributed to our financial performance.
we are the largest beauty retailer in the united states and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin care products, hair care products, and salon services. we provide unmatched product breadth, value, and convenience in a distinctive specialty retail environment. key aspects of our business include: our ability to offer our guests a unique combination of more than 25,000 beauty products from across the categories of prestige and mass cosmetics, fragrance, haircare, prestige and mass skincare, bath and body products, and salon styling tools, as well as a full-service salon in every store featuring hair, skin, and brow services; our focus on delivering a compelling value proposition to our guests across all of our product categories; and convenience, as our stores are predominantly located in convenient, high-traffic locations such as power centers.
the continued growth of our business and any future increases in net sales, net income, and cash flows is dependent on our ability to execute our strategic priorities: 1) build omnichannel operations that more deeply connects guests across channels, 2) reimagine how guests experience and discover beauty, 3) drive market share growth through the deployment of winning category strategies, 4) deepen ulta beauty love and loyalty, 5) drive holistic cost optimization, and 6) develop our talent and strengthen our culture. we believe that the expanding u.s. beauty products and salon services
30
industry, the shift in distribution channel of prestige beauty products from department stores to specialty retail stores, coupled with ulta beauty's competitive strengths, position us to capture additional market share in the industry.
comparable sales is a key metric that is monitored closely within the retail industry. our comparable sales have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. a variety of factors affect our comparable sales, including general u.s. economic conditions, changes in merchandise strategy or mix, and timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities, among others.
over the long term, our growth strategy is to increase total net sales through increases in our comparable sales, opening new stores, and increasing omnichannel capabilities. long-term operating profit is expected to increase as a result of our ability to expand merchandise margin and leverage our fixed store costs with comparable sales increases and operating efficiencies offset by incremental investments in people, systems, and supply chain required to support a 1,500 to 1,700 store chain in the u.s. with successful e-commerce and competitive omnichannel capabilities.
covid-19 response we have been and continue to closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 outbreak on all facets of our business. we have taken decisive actions to protect the safety of our associates and guests and to manage the business throughout the fluid and challenging environment resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
in late 2019, covid-19 was detected in wuhan, china and other jurisdictions, prompting the chinese government to quarantine certain affected regions and impose both internal and external travel restrictions within the country. the virus has since spread to every other part of the world, including the u.s., and in march 2020, the world health organization declared covid-19 a global pandemic. federal, state, and local governments have since implemented various restrictions, including travel restrictions, border closings, restrictions on public gatherings, quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus, shelter-in-place restrictions and limitations on business operations.
in response to government recommendations and for the health and safety of our associates and guests, on march 19, 2020 we temporarily closed all stores across the u.s., while continuing to support our essential e-commerce operations. effective april 19, 2020, we temporarily furloughed many of our store and salon associates. in april 2020, we introduced curbside pickup, and in may 2020, we began reopening stores. throughout the second quarter, stores were reopened on a phased timeline, by taking a thoughtful, measured approach based on a variety of criteria, including state and local guidelines and the adoption of our new shop safe standards. as of july 20, 2020, we completed our phased reopening process. by october 31, 2020, salon and brow services had resumed in almost all stores. due to covid-19 restrictions, we have not resumed skin and makeup services but we have plans to resume skin and makeup services as soon as it is safe to do so.
our results of operations for the fiscal year ended january 30, 2021 were significantly impacted by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic. comparable sales decreased 17.9% for the fiscal year ended january 30, 2021 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, but the multi-year, strategic investments we have made to enhance our omnichannel and supply chain capabilities, combined with the ongoing commitment of our distribution associates, have enabled us to support increased e-commerce demand and strong guest engagement. in addition to decreases in net revenue, our overall profitability also decreased as compared to the prior year. these developments have further required us to recognize certain long-lived asset impairment charges and restructuring charges. further, in connection with the coronavirus aid,
31
relief, and economic security (cares) act, we recognized payroll subsidies as a reduction of selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations.
as we navigated these unprecedented circumstances, we continued to focus on our financial flexibility, including drawing down $800.0 million under our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility on march 18, 2020, which was repaid in full on september 2, 2020. in addition, we took the following steps to preserve financial liquidity:
●   limited new hires and delayed merit increases for all corporate, store, and salon associates;

●   reduced marketing, travel and controllable expenses;

●   aligned inventory receipts with current sales trends;

●   prioritized payment obligations;

●   reduced new store openings, relocations and remodel projects; and

●   suspended the stock repurchase program, which resumed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.

to help support our associates through this crisis, we expanded the criteria for our associate relief program to include those who need assistance due to a personal hardship as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the ulta beauty executive team and board of directors have each made personal donations to the program.
sales are expected to be challenged as events continue to change, and we are unable to accurately predict the future impact that the covid-19 pandemic will have on our results of operations due to uncertainties including, but not limited to, the potential temporary reclosing of certain of our stores, the potential temporary restrictions on certain store operating hours and/or in-store capacity, the duration of potential future quarantines, shelter-in-place and other travel restrictions within the u.s. and other affected countries, the duration of the pandemic and any more dangerous variants of the virus, the duration, timing and severity of the impact on consumer spending, the timing and effectiveness of vaccine distribution, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.
industry trends our research indicates that ulta beauty has captured meaningful market share across all categories over the last several years. however, our research also suggests that the cosmetics category in the overall u.s. market experienced mid-single digit declines through fiscal 2019 and 2020. beauty cycles are impacted by demographics and innovation. while demographic trends continue to be favorable, we believe a lack of incremental innovation has resulted in a challenging cycle for the cosmetics category, as innovation brought to the market has not resulted in incremental product purchases. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic and its various impacts have changed consumer behavior and consumption of beauty products due to the closures of offices, retail stores and other businesses and the significant decline in social gatherings. we expect the beauty category will return to growth as consumers recover from the impacts of covid-19, and we remain confident that our differentiated and diverse business model, our commitment to strategic investments, and our highly engaged associates will continue to drive market share gains over the long term.
basis of presentation the company has one reportable segment, which includes retail stores, salon services, and e-commerce.
we recognize merchandise revenue at the point of sale in our retail stores. e-commerce sales are recognized upon shipment or guest pickup of the merchandise based on meeting the transfer of control criteria. retail store and e-commerce sales are recorded net of estimated returns. shipping and handling are treated as costs to fulfill the contract and not a separate performance obligation. accordingly, we recognize revenue for our single performance obligation related to online sales at the time control of the merchandise passes to the customer, which is at the time of shipment or guest pickup. we provide refunds for merchandise returns within 60 days from the original purchase date; however, due to store closures during the first half of fiscal 2020, we extended our return policy to 180 days through november 16, 2020. state sales taxes are presented on a net basis as we consider our self a pass-through conduit for collecting and remitting state sales tax. salon service revenue is recognized at the time the service is provided to the guest. gift card sales revenue is deferred until the guest redeems the gift card. company coupons and other incentives are recorded as a
32
reduction of net sales. other revenue sources include the private label and co-branded credit card programs, as well as deferred revenue related to the loyalty program and gift card breakage.
comparable sales reflect sales for stores beginning on the first day of the 14th month of operation. therefore, a store is included in our comparable store base on the first day of the period after one year of operations plus the initial one-month grand opening period. non-comparable store sales include sales from new stores that have not yet completed their 13th month of operation and stores that were closed for part or all of the period in either year. remodeled stores are included in comparable sales unless the store was closed for a portion of the current or prior period. comparable sales include retail sales and salon services (including stores temporarily closed due to covid-19), and e-commerce. there may be variations in the way in which some of our competitors and other retailers calculate comparable or same store sales.
measuring comparable sales allows us to evaluate the performance of our store base as well as several other aspects of our overall strategy. several factors could positively or negatively impact our comparable sales results:
●   the general national, regional, and local economic conditions and corresponding impact on customer spending levels;

●   the introduction of new products or brands;

●   the location of new stores in existing store markets;

●   competition;

●   our ability to respond on a timely basis to changes in consumer preferences;

●   the effectiveness of our various merchandising and marketing activities; and

●   the number of new stores opened and the impact on the average age of all of our comparable stores.

cost of sales includes:
●   the cost of merchandise sold, including substantially all vendor allowances, which are treated as a reduction of merchandise costs;

●   distribution costs including labor and related benefits, freight, rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, and insurance;

●   shipping and handling costs;

●   retail stores occupancy costs including rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance, insurance, and licenses;

●   salon services payroll and benefits; and

●   shrink and inventory valuation reserves.

our cost of sales may be negatively impacted as we open new stores. changes in our merchandise mix may also have an impact on cost of sales. this presentation of items included in cost of sales may not be comparable to the way in which our competitors or other retailers compute their cost of sales.
selling, general and administrative expenses include:
●   payroll, bonus, and benefit costs for retail store and corporate employees;

●   advertising and marketing costs;

●   occupancy costs related to our corporate office facilities;

●   stock-based compensation expense;

●   depreciation and amortization for all assets, except those related to our retail stores and distribution operations, which are included in cost of sales; and

●   legal, finance, information systems, and other corporate overhead costs.

this presentation of items in selling, general and administrative expenses may not be comparable to the way in which our competitors or other retailers compute their selling, general and administrative expenses.
33
impairment, restructuring and other costs include long-lived asset impairment charges, restructuring costs associated with store closings, costs associated with the suspension of our canadian expansion, and employee related severance costs.
pre-opening expenses include non-capital expenditures during the period prior to store opening for new, remodeled, and relocated stores including rent during the construction period for new and relocated stores, store set-up labor, management and employee training, and grand opening advertising.
interest expense (income), net includes both interest income and expense. interest expense includes interest costs and facility fees associated with our credit facility, which is structured as an asset-based lending instrument. our credit facility interest is based on a variable interest rate structure which can result in increased cost in periods of rising interest rates. interest income represents interest from cash equivalents and short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase.
income tax expense reflects the federal statutory tax rate and the weighted average state statutory tax rate for the states in which we operate stores.
results of operations our fiscal years are the 52- or 53-week periods ending on the saturday closest to january 31. the company's fiscal years ended january 30, 2021 (fiscal 2020), february 1, 2020 (fiscal 2019), and february 2, 2019 (fiscal 2018) were all 52-week years.
as of january 30, 2021, we operated 1,264 stores across 50 states. the following tables present the components of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated:

fiscal year ended january 30,              february 1,              february 2,
(dollars in thousands)                             2021                2020                     2019
net sales                                          $6,151,953               $7,398,068               $6,716,615
cost of sales                                              4,202,794                4,717,004                4,307,304
gross profit                                               1,949,159                2,681,064                2,409,311
selling, general and administrative expenses               1,583,017                1,760,716                1,535,464
impairment, restructuring and other costs                    114,322                        -                        -
pre-opening expenses                                          15,000                   19,254                   19,767
operating income                                             236,820                  901,094                  854,080
interest expense (income), net                                 5,735                  (5,056)                  (5,061)
income before income taxes                                   231,085                  906,150                  859,141
income tax expense                                            55,250                  200,205                  200,582
net income                                         $175,835                 $705,945                 $658,559
other operating data:
number of stores end of year                                   1,264                    1,254                     1174
comparable sales                                             (17.9)%                     5.0%                     8.1%
34

fiscal year ended january 30,           february 1,           february 2,
(percentage of net sales)                          2021             2020                  2019
net sales                                                  100.0%                100.0%                100.0%
cost of sales                                               68.3%                 63.8%                 64.1%
gross profit                                                31.7%                 36.2%                 35.9%
selling, general and administrative expenses                25.7%                 23.8%                 22.9%
impairment, restructuring and other costs                    1.9%                  0.0%                  0.0%
pre-opening expenses                                         0.2%                  0.3%                  0.3%
operating income                                             3.9%                 12.1%                 12.7%
interest expense (income), net                               0.1%                (0.1)%                (0.1)%
income before income taxes                                   3.8%                 12.2%                 12.8%
income tax expense                                           0.9%                  2.7%                  3.0%
net income                                                   2.9%                  9.5%                  9.8%
fiscal year 2020 versus fiscal year 2019
net sales net sales decreased $1.2 billion, or 16.8%, to $6.2 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $7.4 billion in fiscal 2019. the net sales decrease was driven by the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including the temporary closing of our brick-and-mortar retail stores, social distancing and quarantines, reduction of operating hours, and limitations on in-store capacity, and a decrease of $6.6 million in other revenue. total comparable sales in fiscal 2020 decreased 17.9% compared to an increase of 5.0% in fiscal 2019. during fiscal 2020, transactions declined 24.5% and average ticket increased 8.8%.
gross profit gross profit decreased $0.7 billion, or 27.3%, to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2020, compared to $2.7 billion in fiscal 2019. gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased 450 basis points to 31.7% in fiscal 2020 compared to 36.2% in fiscal 2019. the decrease in gross profit margin was primarily due to:
●   220 basis points of deleverage due to channel mix shifts;

●   220 basis points deleverage of fixed costs and 90 basis points of deleverage in salon services, both attributed to the impact of lower sales; partially offset by

●   80 basis points of leverage driven by lower promotional activity and cost optimization efforts.

selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses decreased $0.2 billion, or 10.1%, to $1.6 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to $1.8 billion in fiscal 2019. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses increased 190 basis points to 25.7% in fiscal 2020 compared to 23.8% in fiscal 2019. the deleverage in sg&a expenses was primarily due to:
●   170 basis points of deleverage primarily due to higher corporate overhead;

●   80 basis points of deleverage of store payroll and benefits and variable store expenses due to the impact of lower sales and personal protective equipment and covid-related expenses; and

●   30 basis points of deleverage of marketing expenses attributed to the impact of lower sales volume; partially offset by

●   90 basis points of leverage related to the employee retention credits made available under the cares act.

35
impairment, restructuring and other costs impairment, restructuring and other costs were $114.3 million for fiscal 2020, which consisted of $41.9 million due to the impairment of tangible long-lived assets and operating lease assets associated with certain retail stores, $29.1 million related to the suspension of the planned expansion to canada, $27.5 million related to the permanent closure of 19 stores, and $15.8 million of severance charges. all restructuring expenses were recognized in fiscal 2020. there was no impairment, restructuring and other costs in fiscal 2019.
pre-opening expenses pre-opening expenses decreased $4.3 million, or 22.1%, to $15.0 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $19.3 million in fiscal 2019 due to current year real estate activity and stores expected to open in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. during fiscal 2020, we opened 30 new stores and relocated five stores. during fiscal 2019, we opened 86 new stores, remodeled 12 stores, and relocated eight stores.
interest expense (income), net interest expense, net was $5.7 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $5.1 million of interest income, net in fiscal 2019. interest expense represents interest on borrowings and fees related to the credit facility. interest income results from cash equivalents and short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase. we did not have any outstanding borrowings on our credit facility as of january 30, 2021 and february 1, 2020.
income tax expense income tax expense of $55.3 million in fiscal 2020 represents an effective tax rate of 23.9%, compared to fiscal 2019 income tax expense of $200.2 million and an effective tax rate of 22.1%. the higher effective tax rate is primarily due to less investment tax credits received and tax expense from the income tax accounting for stock-based compensation compared to a benefit in fiscal 2019.
net income net income decreased $530.1 million, or 75.1%, to $175.8 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $705.9 million in fiscal 2019. the decrease in net income was primarily due to a $731.9 million decrease in gross profit and a $114.3 million increase in impairment, restructuring and other costs, partially offset by a $177.6 million decrease in sg&a expenses and $145.0 million decrease in income taxes.
fiscal year 2019 versus fiscal year 2018
net sales net sales increased $0.7 billion, or 10.1%, to $7.4 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to $6.7 billion in fiscal 2018. the net sales increases are due to the opening of 80 net new stores in 2019, a 5.0% increase in comparable sales, and an increase of $23.4 million in other revenue. the 5.0% comparable sales increase included a 3.3% increase in transactions and a 1.7% increase in average ticket. we attribute the increase in comparable sales to our successful marketing and merchandising strategies.
36
gross profit gross profit increased $0.3 billion, or 11.3%, to $2.7 billion in fiscal 2019, compared to $2.4 billion in fiscal 2018. gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 30 basis points to 36.2% in fiscal 2019 compared to 35.9% in fiscal 2018. the increase in gross profit margin was primarily due to:
●   50 basis points improvement in merchandise margins driven by our marketing and merchandising strategies and benefits from our efficiencies for growth (efg) initiatives;

●   20 basis points of leverage in fixed store costs attributed to the impact of higher sales volume, partially offset by;

●   40 basis points of deleverage due to investments in our salon services and supply chain operation.

selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses increased $0.2 billion, or 14.7%, to $1.8 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2018. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses increased 90 basis points to 23.8% in fiscal 2019 compared to 22.9% in fiscal 2018. the deleverage in sg&a expenses was primarily due to:
●   80 basis points of deleverage primarily due to strategic investments in future growth opportunities and infrastructure to support our efg initiatives;

●   50 basis points of deleverage related to higher payroll and benefit-related expenses, partially offset by;

●   30 basis points of leverage in lower variable compensation expense; and

●   10 basis points of leverage in marketing expense attributed to strong sales growth.

pre-opening expenses pre-opening expenses decreased $0.5 million, or 2.6%, to $19.3 million in fiscal 2019 compared to $19.8 million in fiscal 2018. during fiscal 2019, we opened 86 new stores, remodeled 12 stores, and relocated eight stores. during fiscal 2018, we opened 107 new stores, remodeled 13 stores, and relocated two stores.
interest income, net interest income, net was $5.1 million in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. interest income results from cash equivalents and short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase. interest expense represents interest on borrowings and fees related to the credit facility. we did not have any outstanding borrowings on our credit facility as of february 1, 2020 and february 2, 2019.
income tax expense income tax expense of $200.2 million in fiscal 2019 represents an effective tax rate of 22.1%, compared to fiscal 2018 income tax expense of $200.6 million and an effective tax rate of 23.3%. the lower tax rate is primarily due to income tax accounting for stock-based compensation and federal income tax credits.
net income net income increased $47.4 million, or 7.2%, to $705.9 million in fiscal 2019 compared to $658.6 million in fiscal 2018. the increase in net income was primarily due to a $271.8 million increase in gross profit partially offset by a $225.3 million increase in sg&a expenses.
37
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash needs are for rent, capital expenditures for new, remodeled, and relocated stores, increased merchandise inventories related to store expansion and new brand additions, supply chain improvements, share repurchases, and continued improvement in our information technology systems.
our primary sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, including changes in working capital, and borrowings under our credit facility. the most significant components of our working capital are merchandise inventories and cash and cash equivalents reduced by related accounts payable and accrued expenses.
our working capital needs are greatest from august through november each year as a result of our inventory build-up during this period for the approaching holiday season. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations, and borrowings under the credit facility will satisfy the company's working capital needs, capital expenditure needs, commitments, and other liquidity requirements through at least the next twelve months.
the following table presents a summary of our cash flows for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018:

fiscal year ended january 30,              february 1,              february 2,
(in thousands)                                                 2021                                      2020   2019
net cash provided by operating activities                          $810,355                 $1,101,293               $956,127
net cash used in investing activities                                       (48,751)                (471,480)                (215,107)
net cash used in financing activities                                      (107,934)                (646,739)                (609,214)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                      56                -                                -
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents               $653,726                 $(16,926)                $131,806
operating activities operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, non-cash lease expense, long-lived asset impairment charge, deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation expense, realized gains or losses on disposal of property and equipment, and the effect of working capital changes. the fiscal 2020 decrease over fiscal 2019 is mainly due to the decrease in net income, merchandise inventories, and the timing of accounts payable. the decrease in net income was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit resulting from lower sales as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and an increase in impairment, restructuring and other costs, partially offset by a decrease in sg&a expenses and income taxes.
merchandise inventories, net were $1.2 billion at january 30, 2021, compared to $1.3 billion at february 1, 2020, representing a decrease of $125.5 million or 9.7%. the decrease in total inventory was primarily driven by reduced store inventory due to a decline in store traffic trends, partially offset by an increase due to 10 net new stores opened since february 1, 2020 and the opening of our jacksonville fast fulfillment center.
investing activities we have historically used cash primarily for new, remodeled, relocated, and refreshed stores, supply chain investments, short-term investments, and investments in information technology systems. investment activities for capital expenditures were $151.9 million in fiscal 2020 compared to $298.5 million and $319.4 million in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. capital expenditures decreased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 due to actions we took to preserve liquidity as we navigated through the covid-19 pandemic. proceeds of short-term investments were $110.0 million during fiscal 2020 and consist of certificates of deposit with maturities of three to twelve months from the date of purchase. during fiscal 2020, we contributed $5.7 million to equity method investments.
38
the following table presents a summary of our store activities in fiscal years 2020, 2019, and 2018:

fiscal year ended january 30,         february 1,         february 2,
2021                       2020                2019
stores opened          30                           86                 107
stores remodeled       -                            12                  13
stores relocated       5                             8                   2
stores refreshed       -                           240                 109
during fiscal 2020, the average investment required to open a new ulta beauty store was approximately $1.4 million, which includes capital investment net of landlord contributions, pre-opening expenses, and initial inventory net of payables.
capital expenditures for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 by major category are as follows:

budget fiscal          fiscal          fiscal          fiscal
(in millions)                          2021                     2020            2019            2018
new, remodeled, and relocated stores       $79             $56             $141            $154
merchandising and refreshed stores                36              14              29              63
information technology systems                    47              36              54              51
supply chain                                      30              13              17              22
store maintenance and other                       33              33              58              29
total                                      $225            $152            $299            $319
our future investments will depend primarily on the number of new, remodeled, and relocated stores, information technology systems, and supply chain investments that we undertake and the timing of these expenditures. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund future capital expenditures.
financing activities financing activities in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 consist principally of borrowing and repayment of our revolving credit facility, share repurchases, and capital stock transactions. purchases of treasury shares represent the fair value of common shares repurchased from plan participants in connection with shares withheld to satisfy minimum statutory tax obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock.
we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility at the end of fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018. at the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, we drew down $800.0 million of our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and suspended our share repurchase program. we repaid the $800.0 million of borrowings on september 2, 2020 and resumed share repurchases in the fourth quarter. the zero outstanding borrowings position continues to be due to a combination of factors including an improvement in sales trends in the second half of the year, overall performance of management initiatives including expense control as well as inventory and other working capital reductions. we may require borrowings under the facility from time to time in future periods for unexpected business disruptions, to support our new store program, share repurchases, and seasonal inventory needs.
share repurchase plan on march 15, 2018, we announced that the board of directors authorized a share repurchase program (the 2018 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company could repurchase up to $625.0 million of the company's common stock. the 2018 share repurchase program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amount of $41.3 million from the earlier share repurchase program. the 2018 share repurchase program did not have an expiration date but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.
39
on march 14, 2019, we announced that the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2019 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company could repurchase up to $875.0 million of the company's common stock. the 2019 share repurchase program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amount of $25.4 million from the 2018 share repurchase program. the 2019 share repurchase program did not have an expiration date but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.
on march 12, 2020, we announced that the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2020 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company may repurchase up to $1.6 billion of the company's common stock. the 2020 share repurchase program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amounts of $177.8 million from the 2019 share repurchase program. the 2020 share repurchase program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. on april 2, 2020, we announced that the share repurchase program had been suspended in order to strengthen liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic. the program resumed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020.
a summary of the company's common stock repurchase activity is presented in the following table:

fiscal year ended january 30,            february 1,              february 2,
(dollars in millions)              2021                       2020                     2019
shares repurchased                             474,794                2,320,896                2,463,555
total cost of shares repurchased       $114.9                 $681.0                   $616.2
credit facility on march 11, 2020, we entered into amendment no. 1 to the second amended and restated loan agreement (as so amended, the loan agreement) with wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, collateral agent and a lender thereunder; wells fargo bank, national association and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lead arrangers and bookrunners; jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as syndication agent and a lender; pnc bank, national association, as documentation agent and a lender; and the other lenders party thereto. the loan agreement matures on march 11, 2025, provides maximum revolving loans equal to the lesser of $1.0 billion or a percentage of eligible owned inventory and eligible owned receivables (which borrowing base may, at the election of the company and satisfaction of certain conditions, include a percentage of qualified cash), contains a $50.0 million subfacility for letters of credit and allows the company to increase the revolving facility by an additional $100.0 million, subject to the consent by each lender and other conditions. the loan agreement contains a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 during such periods when availability under the loan agreement falls below a specified threshold. substantially all of the company's assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the loan agreement. outstanding borrowings bear interest, at the company's election, at either a base rate plus a margin of 0% to 0.125% or the london interbank offered rate plus a margin of 1.125% to 1.250%, with such margins based on the company's borrowing availability, and the unused line fee is 0.20% per annum.
as of january 30, 2021 and february 1, 2020, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and we were in compliance with all terms and covenants of the loan agreement.
seasonality our business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. significant portions of our net sales and profits are realized during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year due to the holiday selling season. to a lesser extent, our business is also affected by mother's day and valentine's day. any decrease in sales during these higher sales volume periods could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results for the entire fiscal year. our quarterly results of operations have varied in the past and are likely to do so again in the future. as such, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance.
40
impact of inflation and changing prices although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs. in addition, inflation could materially increase the interest rates on any future debt.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of january 30, 2021, we have not entered into any "off-balance sheet" arrangements, as that term is described by the sec. we do, however, have off-balance sheet purchase obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business as indicated within the contractual obligations table below.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual arrangements and the timing and effect that such commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. the table below includes obligations for executed agreements for which we do not yet have the right to control the use of the property as of january 30, 2021:

less than          1 to 3            3 to 5            more than 5
(in thousands)                        total               1 year             years             years             years operating lease obligations (1)       $2,227,650          $321,708           $683,114          $552,688          $670,140
purchase obligations                          1,020              1,020              -                 -                  -
total (2)                             $2,228,670          $322,728           $683,114          $552,688          $670,140
(1)   these amounts are for our undiscounted lease obligations recorded in our consolidated balance sheets, as operating lease liabilities. also included are legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced of $75,782, which are excluded from operating lease liabilities shown on our consolidated balance sheets.

(2)   the unrecognized tax benefit of $2.8 million as of january 30, 2021 is excluded due to uncertainty regarding the realization and timing of the related future cash flows, if any.

purchase obligations reflect legally binding agreements entered into by the company to purchase goods or services. excluded from our purchase obligations are normal purchases and contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business. the amount of purchase obligations relates to commitments made to third-parties for products and services and other goods and service contracts entered into as of january 30, 2021.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the preparation of these financial statements required the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. management bases estimates on historical experience and other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances and evaluates these estimates on an on-going basis. actual results may differ from these estimates. a discussion of our more significant estimates follows. management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of these estimates and assumptions with the audit committee of the board of directors.
inventory valuation merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). cost is determined using the moving average cost method and includes costs incurred to purchase and distribute goods as well as related vendor allowances including co-op advertising, markdowns, and volume discounts. we record valuation adjustments to our inventories if the cost of a specific product on hand exceeds the amount we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or
41
disposal of the inventory. these estimates are based on management's judgment regarding future demand, age of inventory, and analysis of historical experience. if actual demand or market conditions are different than those projected by management, future merchandise margin rates may be unfavorably or favorably affected by adjustments to these estimates.
inventories are adjusted for the results of periodic physical inventory counts at each of our locations. we record a shrink reserve representing management's estimate of inventory losses by location that have occurred since the date of the last physical count. this estimate is based on management's analysis of historical results and operating trends.
we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our inventory reserves. adjustments to earnings resulting from revisions to management's estimates of the inventory reserves have been insignificant during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018. an increase or decrease in the lower of cost or market (net realizable value) reserve of 10% would not have a material impact on our operating income for fiscal 2020. an increase or decrease in the shrink rate included in the shrink reserve calculation of 10% would not have a material impact on our operating income for fiscal 2020.
vendor allowances the majority of cash consideration received from a vendor is considered to be a reduction of the cost of the related products and is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations as the related products are sold unless it is in exchange for an asset or service or a reimbursement of a specific, incremental, identifiable cost incurred by the company in selling the vendors' products. we estimate the amount recorded as a reduction of inventory at the end of each period based on a detailed analysis of inventory turns and management's analysis of the facts and circumstances of the various contractual agreements with vendors. we record cash consideration expected to be received from vendors in receivables. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our reduction of inventory. an increase or decrease in inventory turns of five basis points would not have a material impact on our operating income for fiscal 2020.
impairment of long-lived tangible assets we review long-lived tangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate these assets might not be recoverable. assets are primarily reviewed at the store level, which is the lowest level for which cash flows can be identified. significant estimates are used in determining future operating results of each store over its remaining lease term. an impairment loss would be recorded if the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our impairment charges. during fiscal 2020, we recognized $72.5 million of impairment of long-lived tangible and right-of-use assets which consisted of $41.9 million due to impairment analysis which indicated that the carrying values of certain long-lived assets exceeded their respective fair values, $19.6 million related to the suspension of the planned expansion to canada, and $11.0 million related to the permanent closure of 19 stores. no significant impairment charges were recognized in fiscal 2019 or fiscal 2018.
loyalty program we maintain a customer loyalty program, ultamate rewards, which allows members to earn points based on purchases of merchandise or services. points earned are valid for at least one year. the loyalty program represents a material right to the customer and points may be redeemed on future products and services. revenue from the loyalty program is recognized when the members redeem points or points expire. we defer revenue related to points earned that have not yet been redeemed. the amount of deferred revenue includes estimates for the standalone selling price of points earned by members and the percentage of points expected to be redeemed. the expected redemption percentage is based on historical redemption patterns and considers current information or trends. the estimated redemption rate is evaluated each reporting period. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions used to calculate the estimated redemption rate.
42
adjustments to earnings resulting from revisions to management's estimates of the redemption rates have been insignificant during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018. an increase or decrease in the estimated redemption rate of 5% would not have a material impact on our operating income in fiscal 2020.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states. judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.
we recognize deferred income taxes for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are anticipated to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred taxes of a change in income tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in the period of enactment. a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized unless it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will be realized in full. the estimated tax benefit of an uncertain tax position is recorded in our consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the uncertain tax position will withstand challenge, if any, from applicable taxing authorities.
judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized on our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, "summary of significant accounting policies - recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted."
recently adopted accounting pronouncements see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, "summary of significant accounting policies - recently adopted accounting pronouncements."
