Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, and failure to comply could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data or funds, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. The severity of the failure or disablement may require us to replace or rebuild the affected systems, applications, or solutions, and we may be unable to do so before it materially adversely affects our business. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems, and any failure or disablement, even for a brief period, could result in financial loss, disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. However, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. Nonetheless, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade, and enhance our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants, or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible. Our business operates in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. Our commitment to innovation is continuous amid challenging business and operating environments, whether it be a global recession or bull market, an international conflict, or a global pandemic. We believe businesses, including our clients, serve as a force for progress, and we remain committed to rethinking a better, more personalized world at work to help our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. The COVID-19 outbreak created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic and financial market disruption, and the extent of any such impact depends on developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well-positioned to support our associates and our clients.