The COVID-19 pandemic, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of the disease, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our clinical trials, operations, manufacturing, supply chains, distribution systems, product development, product sales, business, and results of operations. Significant disruptions or production failures at our facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials. We perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities at our facility in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico and a substantial majority of our clinical manufacturing activities at our facility in Thousand Oaks, California. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Our operations and facilities, including those essential to our manufacturing, R&D, and distribution activities, are in locations that are subject to natural disasters, including hurricanes, tropical storms, and floods. The severity and frequency of weather-related natural disasters has been amplified, and is expected to continue to be amplified by, global climate change. Such natural disasters have caused, and in the future may cause, damage to and/or disrupt our operations, which may result in a material adverse effect on our product sales, business, and results of operations. We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices, and components necessary for the manufacturing of our commercial and clinical products. We have detailed business continuity plans in place and periodic assessments of our natural disaster risk. However, any natural disaster may also result in prolonged interruption to our critical operational and business activities, and we may be required to incur significant costs to remedy the effects of such natural disasters and fully resume operations. Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. The rapid reallocation of resources for the treatment and prevention of COVID-19 and/or disruptions and shortages in the global supply chain caused by the pandemic could also result in increased competition for, or reduced availability of, materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution, or administration of our products. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems makes them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical and/or sensitive data and systems. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social, and governance objectives. Stakeholders, including our investors and our employees, have increasingly focused on, and are expected to continue to focus on, our ESG practices. If our ESG practices fail to meet these stakeholders' expectations and standards, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, and ultimately, our stock price. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas: inflammation, oncology/hematology, and general medicine. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies.