The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. We face intense competition, and our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, which may require us to increase our spending or lower prices, any of which could materially reduce our sales and profits. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks, and profitability in our newer activities may not meet our expectations. We may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws and policies. We regularly experience increases in our net shipping costs due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery, which may increase operational strain. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, and failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize our fulfillment network may result in excess or insufficient fulfillment capacity, service interruptions, and increased costs. We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches, as failure to prevent or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, or other security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of information. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, and the loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees could harm our business. We are also subject to labor union efforts to organize groups of our employees, which could decrease our operational flexibility. Our supplier relationships subject us to a number of risks, including the potential inability to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of our commercial relationships, which may limit the amount of business we can service. We face significant inventory risk, and demand for products can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered and the date of sale. Our effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, and developments in tax controversies. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, or restructure our debt for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position.