Challenging domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, and monetary policy could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face. These conditions could worsen, or others could arise, if the U.S. and global economies were to enter recessionary periods, triggered or exacerbated by monetary policy designed to curb inflation. We may experience decreased customer spending or demand for our products and services, and our customers' ability to pay for our products on a timely basis may be impacted. Uncertain or challenging economic conditions could also lead to greater fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial performance. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our strategy to expand our global presence, including in emerging markets, is intended to drive growth in net sales and market share. We seek to optimize our global supply chain, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network and expand operational efficiencies and resiliency. The 2023 restructuring plan is intended to support our efforts to expand operating performance and meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. We expect a substantial portion of the savings from this plan to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. Our restructuring and optimization initiatives may lead to unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, reduced employee productivity, business disruption, and inability to attract or retain key personnel. The global COVID-19 pandemic has had, and could in the future have, an adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and cash flows. Disruptions in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on the proper function, availability, and security of information technology systems to operate our business, and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain key talent is critical to our business, and we may face increased competition for such employees. The effects of global climate change present risks to our business, including potential impacts on our supply chain and operational costs. We have committed to a goal of carbon neutrality for scope 1 and scope 2 carbon emissions in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. Our approach to corporate social responsibility and sustainability is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and is informed by a broad range of stakeholders. We have established controls and procedures to escalate cybersecurity matters to appropriate management levels, and we continuously assess our readiness to reduce the impact of potential cybersecurity events. The ongoing geopolitical dynamics may create economic, supply chain, and other challenges that could negatively impact our business operations and results.