Difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. In the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability, including cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that could be important to our business. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance. Economic contraction or further deceleration in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors, or geographies may contribute to poor financial results at our funds' portfolio companies, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. Higher inflation and rising input costs put pressure on our funds' portfolio companies' profit margins, particularly where pricing power is lacking. The performance of our funds' investments in certain companies, as well as valuation multiples, may not ultimately improve, leading to potential losses. During periods of economic weakness, our funds' portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due. Negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact on the fund's performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow. Additionally, our funds may experience continued difficulty in realizing value from investments during challenging equity markets. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the global response thereto, including the imposition of widespread economic and other sanctions, has significantly impacted the global economy and financial markets. A period of economic slowdown contributes to operating performance challenges for certain of our funds' investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. We depend on our founder and other key senior managing directors, and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results, and financial condition. Our future success and growth depend to a substantial degree on our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to strategically recruit, retain, and motivate new talented personnel. The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, and investor availability of capital. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on a number of factors, including economic and market conditions and the performance of the stock market. The performance of our funds may be adversely affected by heightened scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters. We are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators and other stakeholders regarding the incorporation of ESG factors in the investment process, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds, and harm our brand and reputation.