Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. Changes in consumer behavior continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. The increase in direct-to-consumer streaming and other over-the-top service providers has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been distributed and viewed. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. A decline in advertisers' expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses, as a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined from further use of the intellectual property in question. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents could cause a variety of potential adverse business impacts, including degradation or disruption of our network, products, and services. Our businesses are vulnerable to damage from the occurrence of certain events, including natural disasters and severe weather events. These events could lead to litigation and fines, including if we inadvertently contributed to damages suffered by others. We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses, and the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses. Our success depends on consumer acceptance of our content, and our businesses may be adversely affected if our content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance. The ability of our businesses to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer preferences is critical for maintaining operational continuity and achieving strategic objectives. We expect to continue to experience disruptions from various external pressures, including economic conditions, technological advancements, and competitive dynamics, which necessitate ongoing adaptation and resilience strategies to ensure organizational health and effectiveness.