The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics, and the trading price of our common stock. Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and increase productivity may hinder our ability to successfully implement our business plan. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base and personnel, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and may stress the capabilities of our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. The additional investments we are making will increase our cost base, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and workforce in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our operations. We believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, equality, and a sense of family. As our organization has grown and expanded globally, we have found it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture globally, including managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Our inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees, harm our reputation with customers, or negatively impact our future growth. The occurrence of natural disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us. Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, and could decrease demand for our services. We do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses, and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. The global macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts on our customers' business operations and their demand for our products and services may persist for an indefinite period. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may heighten other risks described in this "risk factors" section. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. The timing of these expenses is expected to affect our cost of revenues, both in terms of absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, in the near term. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors.