We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to respond timely to changes, including by enhancing our current products and services and developing and introducing new products and services, will significantly affect our future success. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on our business and may amplify many of our other known risks. The extent of the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition will depend on various uncertain factors, including the impact of the pandemic on our employees, clients, vendors, supply chain, operations and sales. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients and their customers. Preserving the confidentiality of sensitive business and personal information is critical to our business. Any unauthorized access or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data. We may not be able to successfully or quickly recover all of our critical business functions, assets and data through our business continuity program. A prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue, and significantly impact our clients' businesses and the customers they serve. Disruptions of operations of other participants in the global financial system could prevent us from delivering our products and services. We rely on third parties to provide products and services, and if we are unable to obtain such products or services in the future or if these third parties fail to perform these services adequately, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our business has been and may continue to be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and regulations restricting trade could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We expect that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our ability to meet future debt covenant requirements will depend on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We maintain a liability for the estimated fair value of our non-contingent obligations to stand ready to perform over the term of the guarantee arrangements. The impact of a material event involving our systems and data, or those of our clients, partners or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot be certain that the security measures and procedures we have in place to detect security incidents and protect sensitive data will be successful or sufficient to counter all current and emerging risks and threats.