We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including those arising from operational failures or human error, which could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, and cause losses. Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events, or other natural disasters. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to raise or retain deposits, and other unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks, but these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. Our ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, especially during periods of market stress. We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, and expect to continue to do so. If we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. We have established a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure, and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite, which includes evaluating the complexity of our business activities and the degree of automation in our processes. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We monitor threats and assess risks to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption to the normal operations of our critical functions. Our resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for business continuity planning and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We have established policies that require all employees and consultants to report and escalate operational risk events. Our risk management structure is built around three core components: governance, processes, and people. Our risk management governance starts with the board, which oversees our risk management policies and practices. We maintain a comprehensive data collection process, including firmwide policies and procedures that require all employees to report and escalate risk events. Our approach for risk identification and control assessment is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment. We have established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential risk factors, key reports, and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. We conduct regular stress tests to calculate credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize operational risks and ensure business continuity, while our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress.