Investing in our securities involves risk, and difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, which could adversely impact our net income, cash flow, financial condition, and prospects. We attempt to mitigate known risks to the extent we believe to be practicable and reasonable, but we can provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, fiscal and monetary stimulus, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, and currency exchange rates and controls. The impact of these conditions may exacerbate many other risks discussed in this report. During periods of difficult market or economic conditions, various companies or assets in which we have investments may experience negative consequences, including decreased revenues, increased costs, credit rating downgrades, and difficulty in obtaining financing. Our portfolio companies may have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or become unable to pay expenses or other obligations as they become due. Adverse conditions may also increase the risk of default with respect to private equity, real assets, credit, and other investments that we manage. Furthermore, when financing is not available or becomes too costly, it is difficult for potential buyers to raise sufficient capital to purchase our investments. Consequently, we may earn lower-than-expected returns on investments, which could cause us to realize diminished or no carried interest. Our capital markets business generates fees through various activities in connection with the issuance and placement of equity and debt securities, loans, and credit facilities, with the size of fees generally correlated to overall transaction sizes. Adverse conditions in financial markets, as well as lower levels of transaction activities involving our funds' investments, may negatively impact both the frequency and size of fees generated by our capital markets business. Global equity and credit markets have a substantial effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Tightening liquidity conditions in equity and credit capital markets affect the availability and cost of capital for us and our portfolio companies. The increased cost of credit or degradation in debt financing terms may adversely impact our ability to identify and execute investments on attractive terms. Market and economic conditions also impact our insurance business in ways beyond the value of its investment portfolio. Actual or perceived stressed conditions, volatility, and disruptions in financial asset classes or various capital markets can adversely affect our operations. Public health crises, such as COVID-19, may continue to occur, which could directly and indirectly adversely impact us and our portfolio companies. The outbreak of COVID-19 and the actions taken in response contributed to significant volatility in the financial markets, resulting in increased volatility in equity prices, lower interest rates, supply chain disruptions, and an increase in inflationary pressures. The adverse impact on our business, financial performance, and operating results by a public health crisis could be significantly driven by various unpredictable factors. Our liquidity requirements are significant, and adverse market and economic conditions may adversely affect our sources of liquidity, which could adversely affect our business operations in the future. We depend on our founders and other key personnel, the loss of whose services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our success depends on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us.
Certain reinsurance transactions require additional operational support, administration, regulatory filings, and compliance with jurisdiction-specific laws and regulations, subjecting Global Atlantic to additional scrutiny and risks. These risks could materially and adversely affect Global Atlantic's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Any failure to protect the confidentiality of client information could adversely affect Global Atlantic's reputation and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Global Atlantic relies on various internal processes and controls to protect the confidentiality of client information that is accessible to, or in the possession of, Global Atlantic and its employees. It is possible that an employee could, intentionally or unintentionally, disclose or misappropriate confidential client information or Global Atlantic's data could be the subject of a cybersecurity attack. Global Atlantic's third-party administrators and their employees also have access to, and routinely process, personal information of clients, and Global Atlantic is also dependent on such third parties and their systems to protect such data. Global Atlantic's ability to use data to gain insights into and manage its business may be limited in the future by regulatory scrutiny. Regulators are also increasing scrutiny and considering regulation of the use of artificial intelligence technologies. Changes in accounting standards could adversely impact Global Atlantic's reported results of operations and reported financial condition. Global Atlantic's financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP, which is periodically revised, reinterpreted, and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time, Global Atlantic is required to adopt new guidance or interpretations, or could be subject to existing guidance as Global Atlantic enters into new transactions or business lines, which may have a material effect on Global Atlantic's results of operations and financial condition that is either unexpected or has a greater impact than expected. Global Atlantic's Bermuda insurance subsidiaries are licensed to conduct insurance business by the BMA. The BMA implemented the economic balance sheet framework, which is now used as the basis to determine an insurer's enhanced capital requirement. The BMA continues to consider further revisions to the Bermuda capital ratio, called BSCR, and may propose further updates to certain aspects of the EBS framework. Any material changes or failures with respect to the above could have a material adverse effect on Global Atlantic's Bermuda business. Global Atlantic may not be able to mitigate the reserve strain associated with statutory accounting rules, potentially resulting in a negative impact on Global Atlantic's capital position or in a need to increase prices and/or reduce sales of term or universal life products. Global Atlantic's operating subsidiaries manage their liabilities and configure their investment portfolios to provide and maintain sufficient liquidity to support anticipated withdrawal demands, surrenders, contract benefits, and maturities. Unanticipated withdrawal or surrender activity or liquidity demands in connection with recaptures or collateralization requirements could, under some circumstances, require Global Atlantic's operating subsidiaries to dispose of assets on unfavorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on Global Atlantic's business, results of operations, and financial condition. Global Atlantic helps to set, and monitor compliance with, the investment guidelines followed by the applicable ceding company. However, to the extent that such investment guidelines are not appropriate, or to the extent that the ceding companies do not adhere to such guidelines, Global Atlantic's risk of loss could increase, which could materially adversely affect its GAAP results, financial condition, and results of operations.