An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. We believe our diverse range of products and services generally make it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will affect our business on a long-term basis. However, termination of significant programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. Our ability to grow in key areas such as hypersonics programs, classified programs, and next-generation franchise programs also will be affected by the overall budget environment and whether development programs transition to production and the timing of such transition, all of which are dependent on U.S. government authorization and funding. We are subject to extensive procurement laws and regulations, including those that enable the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we or those we do business with fail to comply with or adapt to existing or new procurement laws and regulations, which are regularly evolving. We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts. A violation of these laws and regulations by us, our employees, others working on our behalf, a supplier, or a joint venture partner could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, suspension or debarment from bidding on or being awarded contracts, loss of our ability to export products or perform services, and civil or criminal investigations or proceedings. Our business is highly sensitive to geopolitical issues and changes in regulations, including tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, export and import controls, and other trade restrictions, which may affect our ability to conduct business outside of the U.S. We are actively engaged in efforts to mitigate supply chain risks, especially at small and at-risk related suppliers, and may continue to utilize accelerated payments to support them. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products, and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products. Our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly, identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture innovative products and services efficiently, and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We are committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services, which may, in part, offset cost increases from inflation. We have an extensive global security organization whose mission is to protect our systems and data, including a computer incident response team to defend against cyber attacks. Our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure, unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company, employee- and customer-sensitive information, insider threats, and denial-of-service attacks. We have thousands of direct suppliers and even more indirect suppliers with a wide variety of systems and cybersecurity capabilities, and adversaries actively seek to exploit security and cybersecurity weaknesses in our supply chain. Our ability to capture and retain future growth in development, production, and sustainment is dependent on the success of our efforts to achieve performance, customer affordability, supply chain improvements, continued reliability improvements, and other efficiencies, some of which are outside our control.