We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of strategic initiatives. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, improve and maintain safe stores, and implement change, growth, productivity, and other strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. Our ability to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience is subject to a number of external factors. The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. We continue to transform and expand our supply chain network and existing omnichannel capabilities to meet changing customer needs. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of these investments, projects, and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe's, our vendors want to do business with Lowe's, and our associates want to work for Lowe's. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow Lowe's public image and reputation. Our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation. The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by negative incidents. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures. If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates and specialists, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change. Climate change, extreme weather conditions, wildfires, droughts, and rising sea levels may impact the areas in which the company's operations and facilities are located, and they could also affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. Our business is subject to a wide array of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state, or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage requirements, collective bargaining, and other workplace regulations could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations.