The global payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. We routinely encounter account data compromise events involving merchants and third-party payment processors that process, store, or transmit payment transaction data, which affect millions of account holders. Service disruptions that cause us to be unable to process transactions or service our customers could reduce our operational resilience and materially affect our overall business and results of operations. Our transaction switching systems and other offerings have experienced interruptions as a result of technology malfunctions, fire, weather events, power outages, telecommunications disruptions, terrorism, workplace violence, accidents, or other catastrophic events. We maintain an enterprise resiliency program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies. However, we cannot ensure that our business would be immune to these risks, as any interruption or degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of products carrying our brands. Our visibility in the global payments industry may also put us at greater risk of attack by terrorists, activists, or hackers who intend to disrupt our facilities and/or systems. The complexity of our payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core payment network. We have taken measures to make card and digital payments more secure, but increased fraud levels involving our integrated products and services could lead to legislative or regulatory intervention, as well as damage to our reputation. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, as well as by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. We rely on third-party service providers for the timely transmission of information across our global data network. Inadequate infrastructure in lesser-developed markets could also result in service disruptions, which could impact our ability to do business in those markets. Our operations depend on our relationships with our customers to effectively manage our brands and the perception of our payments system among consumers. The loss of business from any of our large customers could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. Our business agreements with these customers may not ultimately reduce the risk inherent in our business that customers may terminate their relationships with us in favor of relationships with our competitors. We face disintermediation and related risks, including parties that process our transactions in certain countries trying to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. The expansion of our products and services as part of our multi-rail strategy has created the need for us to obtain new types and increasing numbers of regulatory licenses, resulting in increased supervision and additional compliance burdens distinct from those imposed on our core payment network activities. Increased regulatory focus on us has resulted and may continue to result in significant compliance and governance burdens or otherwise increase our costs.