The company is subject to a number of risks that could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, or prospects. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and related global disruptions could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company is working cross-functionally across the globe to monitor and mitigate interruptions to business continuity resulting from the war, including its impact on the company's supply chain, operations, and clinical trials. COVID-19-related disruptions have had an adverse impact on the company's business, operations, and financial performance. The company is unable to predict the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic will adversely impact its business, operations, financial performance, results of operations, and financial condition. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products and competitors' products, which may increase as new products enter the market. The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected. The company may experience difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines, and may not be able to realize the expected benefits of its investments in emerging markets. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, and could be a target of future cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. The company believes that climate change has the potential to negatively affect its business and results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. The company is exposed to physical risks associated with climate change, including extreme weather conditions and rising sea levels, which could disrupt the company's operations and its supply chain. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products, which could negatively affect the company's sales and profit margins. The company must continue to launch new products to remain competitive, and expected declines in sales of products after the loss of market exclusivity mean that the company's future success is dependent on its pipeline of new products. The company is committed to its dividend and will continue to pursue the most compelling external science through value-enhancing business development transactions. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by changes in foreign exchange rates. The company is also subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, and any changes could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.