Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Disruptions to our manufacturing process from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries. As a result of the necessary interdependence within our network of manufacturing facilities, an operational disruption at one of our or a subcontractor's facilities may have a disproportionate impact on our ability to produce many of our products. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences and possible climate changes, such as severe and variable weather and geological events resulting in increased costs, or disruptions to our manufacturing operations or those of our suppliers or customers. Events of the types noted above have occurred from time to time and may occur in the future. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. Difficulties in obtaining these resources could result in significant delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our ability to procure components to repair equipment essential for our manufacturing processes could also be negatively impacted by various restrictions or disruptions in supply chains. The disruption of our supply of materials, components, or services, or the extension of our lead times could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which could lead to underutilization of our production assets. A significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. As a result, lower utilization and corresponding increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs may adversely affect our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our key semiconductor memory and storage technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per gigabit cost. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees to remain competitive. If we experience significant attrition and are unable to timely replace employees, we could experience a loss of critical skills and reduced employee morale, potentially resulting in business disruptions or increased expenses to address any disruptions.