Investing in our securities involves risks, including those related to our ability to grow our business and respond effectively to environmental disruptions. We participate in intensely competitive markets, and if we fail to innovate in response to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and customer needs, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses, subject us to substantial liability, and harm our reputation and financial results. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential data, which may include personally identifiable information and protected health information. While we have security measures in place designed to protect customer information, these protective mechanisms may not be effective at preventing material breaches. We have experienced an increase in the number and sophistication of cyberattacks, which may disrupt our systems and operations. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, extreme heat, pandemics, terrorism, political unrest, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to our success, and competition for talent in the technology industry has become increasingly intense. If we lose key members of our management team or qualified employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need, our costs will increase, and our business and operating results will be adversely affected. We have made significant investments to support future sales opportunities in various government sectors, including to obtain security authorizations and certifications. However, government certification processes are lengthy and can often be delayed, affecting our business and results of operations. Our intellectual property protections may not provide us with a competitive advantage, and defending our intellectual property may result in substantial expenses. Our success depends on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand under patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other protections. We derive our revenues predominantly from subscription revenues, which are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service. Our subscription services arrangements typically have a three-year duration, and we have experienced a renewal rate of 98%. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period, and if we fail to meet the financial performance expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. We generate cash inflows from operations primarily from selling subscription services, which are generally paid in advance of provisioning services. Our working capital requirements are principally comprised of non-contract workforce salaries, bonuses, commissions, and benefits. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. We continue to invest in capital and other resources to expand our data centers and enable our workforce, and we acquire technology and businesses to supplement our technology portfolio. Our ability to manage risks associated with foreign markets and the regulatory environment will be crucial for maintaining operational flexibility and achieving our major objectives.