We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop and sell new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings in a timely manner, or position and price our products to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Our shift to virtual customer events may not be successful, and we may not be able to showcase our products as well as we have historically done through in-person events. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames, or if there is a delay in market acceptance of new and existing customers to new, enhanced, or acquired product lines or services. We cannot provide assurance that our cloud strategy will allow us to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain profitability. We may not be able to accurately anticipate customer transitions or backfill reduced demand for our offerings, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We might experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our offerings that can impact their function, performance, and security. Errors could affect our ability to properly function, integrate, or operate with other offerings, resulting in service interruptions, delays, or outages. Our business operations depend on our products and networks, and any flaws could affect our and our customers' abilities to conduct business operations. We face intense competition in all aspects of our business, and the nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving. We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully, and any such changes may reduce revenues and margins. Our supply chain operations have been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and we are susceptible to third-party manufacturing and logistics delays, which could result in the loss of sales and customers. Our workforce restructurings can be disruptive, and we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these restructurings. We rely on hiring qualified employees and the continued service of our senior management, and we may not be successful in recruiting new personnel or retaining existing personnel. Our relationships with channel participants are important elements of our marketing and sales efforts, and our financial results could be adversely affected if these relationships deteriorate. We are subject to various legal proceedings, and litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and disruptive to our operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected how we and our customers are operating our respective businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results remains uncertain. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligations requirements. We continually focus on improving our cost structure and may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to new plans or changes in estimated costs associated with existing plans.