We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, and particularly from their sale of premium tier devices. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our business and results of operations could be negatively affected. The concentration of device share among a few companies may result in lower prices for our products which, if not accompanied by a sufficient increase in the volume of purchases of our products, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and margins. Our industry is experiencing and may continue to experience concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Political actions, including trade and/or national security protection policies, or other actions by governments, particularly the U.S. and Chinese governments, have in the past, currently are and could in the future limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain of our customers, limit, prevent or discourage those customers from transacting business with us, or make it more expensive to do so. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. The loss of any one of our significant customers, a reduction in the purchases of our products by any of these customers or the cancellation of significant purchases by any of these customers would reduce our revenues and could harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected results of operations. A delay of significant purchases would reduce our revenues in the period of the delay. We are subject to many complex environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and rules in each jurisdiction in which we operate our manufacturing facilities. The regulatory landscape in these areas continues to evolve, and we anticipate additional laws, regulations and rules in the future. Climate change could cause certain natural disasters to occur more frequently or with greater intensity, which could pose physical risks to our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers' facilities, could disrupt the availability of water necessary for the operation of such facilities, and could increase or decrease temperatures resulting in increased operating costs and/or business disruption. Our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials, equipment and other supplies in adequate quality and quantity in a timely manner from multiple suppliers, and in some cases, we rely on a limited number of suppliers. A failure by our suppliers to deliver our requirements could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations. The semiconductor manufacturing foundries that supply our products are primarily located in Asia, as are the primary warehouses where we store finished goods for fulfillment of customer orders. Our ability to meet increased demand for our products has been and may in the future be limited due to the inability to obtain the additional manufacturing, assembly and test capacity necessary to fully meet such demand. We have established and may in the future establish alternate suppliers for certain products, which may require significant amounts of time and levels of support to bring such products to production. We may not derive any commercial value from associated technologies or products or from future technologies or products based on these technologies, and we may be subject to liabilities that are not covered by indemnification protection that we may obtain. Our strategic activities may not be successful, generate financial returns or result in increased adoption or continued use of our technologies or products. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.