Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results. A continued economic downturn or recession may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has required us to make controversial decisions about precautionary measures that could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, employee retention, and customer willingness to buy our products. We may experience a reduction and increased volatility in demand for our products due to store closures or modified operating hours and business models, as well as changes in consumer spending behaviors. Our financial results have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in a disruption of customer routines and changes in consumer behavior. We believe the investments in partner wages and training will increase retention and productivity while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies will provide additional convenience and connection with our customers. The growth of our business relies on the ability of our licensee partners to implement our growth platforms and product innovations. Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. The growth of our channel development business is in part dependent on the level of discretionary support provided by our retail and licensed store businesses. We are subject to changing rules and regulations that could expose us to numerous risks, including increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted, and we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing environmental goals and standards. We are working to manage risks and costs to us, our licensees, and our supply chain of any effects of climate change as well as diminishing energy and water resources. The impact of climate change may disrupt our operations, cause store closures, and impact our customers. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment. If the North America operating segment revenue trends slow or decline, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our success depends on our ability to adjust our marketing, promotional and advertising plans and pricing strategy to respond quickly and effectively to shifting economic and competitive conditions as well as evolving customer preferences. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. If our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues effectively and timely, they could result in an interruption in our operations and could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations, and our financial results.