The risks listed below are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, are potentially material to our business and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our ability to allocate, deliver, and maintain our preferred mix and level of inventory has been impacted in recent years by temporary store closures, inflationary pressures, and global supply chain disruptions, including an increase in competition for limited shipping capacity and other operational and market changes related to the global pandemic. Our business model allows us greater flexibility to meet consumer product preferences and trends than many traditional retailers. However, we may not successfully do so, which could impact inventory turns, customer traffic, and sales, and may add difficulty in attracting new customers, retaining existing customers, and encouraging frequent customer visits. We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively. The retail apparel and home fashion businesses are highly competitive. We compete on the basis of various factors affecting value, merchandise selection and freshness, and both in-store and online service and shopping experience. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding within our current markets and/or into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels, including e-commerce. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations. The substantial size of our business can make it challenging to run our complex operations effectively and to manage suitable internal resources and third-party providers with appropriate oversight. These challenges may increase where a portion of our workforce is working remotely or is temporarily furloughed. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have been and could in the future be adversely affected by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and in the future may have, a significant impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Various restrictions were issued worldwide since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, including limitations on business operations. During the first major peak of the COVID-19 outbreak, all of our stores, online businesses, and distribution centers were temporarily closed, during which time we were unable to generate sales. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on our information technology systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates, and other persons. Our IT systems are targeted by attempts to access or obtain personal or sensitive information, attempts at monetary theft, and attempts to disrupt business. These attempts continue to increase in sophistication, heightening the risk of compromise or disruption. We maintain policies, procedures, and controls designed to reduce the risks of data security compromises and IT failures or disruptions, but such controls cannot fully eliminate these risks. Our performance also depends on recruiting, hiring, developing, training, and retaining talented associates in key areas. We must constantly recruit new associates to fill entry-level and part-time positions with high rates of turnover. The availability and skill of associates may differ across markets in which we do business and in new markets we enter, and we may be unable to meet or manage our labor needs effectively. Our relationships with our customers and our reputation are based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities. Damage to the reputation of our company and our banners could result in declines in customer loyalty and sales. Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations that could materially impact our operating results or materially harm our reputation.