We may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions resulting from the global COVID-19 pandemic. Government regulations and shifting social behaviors have, at times, limited or closed non-essential transportation, government functions, business activities, and person-to-person interactions. Global trade conditions and consumer trends that originated during the pandemic continue to persist and may also have long-lasting adverse impacts on us and our industries independently of the progress of the pandemic. Sustaining our production trajectory will require the ongoing readiness and solvency of our suppliers and vendors, a stable and motivated production workforce, and government cooperation. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate. If we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results may be harmed. We must address bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges that may arise during our production ramps while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories, which are subject to uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, procurement and maintenance of construction, environmental and operational licenses, supply chain constraints, and hiring, training, and retention of qualified employees. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to expand our sales capabilities and accurately project and effectively manage our growth. We face strong competition for our products and services from a growing list of established and new competitors. We are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, political uncertainty, and social, environmental, and economic conditions in numerous jurisdictions, which may harm our business if we are unable to manage them effectively. Our ability to maintain public credibility and confidence in our long-term business prospects is essential for success. We are highly dependent on the services of key employees, and the loss of their services could disrupt our operations or delay the development, introduction, and ramp of our products and services. Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars, or health epidemics. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We are subject to evolving laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs, legal prohibitions, or unfavorable changes upon our operations or products. Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers' demand for electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles in an automotive industry that is generally competitive, cyclical, and volatile. We expect to continue generating net positive operating cash flow, which enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, research and development projects, and the continued expansion of our infrastructure. Our ability to adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment may be necessary if our near-term manufacturing operations decrease in scale or ramp more slowly than expected.