We have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated and tested regularly in an effort to ensure successful containment and remediation of potential disruptions or cyber events. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, price our products and services adequately, provide effective service to our customers and consumers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, provide timely payments to care providers, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. We routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. Our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. These arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. Our success in the health care marketplace depends on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services, which are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive and risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. We face and will likely continue to face heightened competition to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. We depend substantially on our continued ability to contract with health care payers, as well as physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other service providers at competitive prices. Our businesses could suffer if our affiliated physician organizations fail to maintain relationships with these companies, or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises arising from large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics, natural disasters and other extreme events, which have and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and financial performance. Disruptions in public and private infrastructure resulting from such events could increase our operating costs and ability to provide services to our clients and customers. We expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. We continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and may include acquisitions. Our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. We have programs in place to detect, contain and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches.