Management’s discussion articulates our platform for sustained performance “centered around disciplined portfolio growth; an aligned and engaged bottling system; and winning with our stakeholders,” underpinned by three enablers: digitizing the enterprise to re-engineer our supply chain and route-to-market, fostering a growth culture “centered around curiosity, empowerment, inclusion and agility,” and growing sustainably “to create a more sustainable and better shared future for all of our stakeholders.” Our integrated quality management program, with rigorous product safety and quality standards, continually measures operations against stringent criteria and identifies and mitigates risks. We have implemented a formal water risk management program, where “mitigation of water risk forms the basis of our water stewardship strategic framework,” executed through local water use efficiency, watershed protection and community engagement, and we sustain a sourcing commitment “founded on principles that protect the environment, uphold workplace rights and help build more sustainable communities,” emphasizing economic opportunity and environmental sustainability in our agricultural supply chain. We routinely “perform recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets … estimate the fair values … consistent with what a market participant would use,” estimating future cash flows aligned with internal planning to preserve system integrity under pressures and disturbances. We “work with our bottling partners to identify processes that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies” and share best practices across the system, continuing “to build a supply chain network that leverages the size and scale of the Coca-Cola system to gain a competitive advantage” and designing market-specific business models to align value creation with local needs. Our revenue growth management, innovation in product, packaging and channels, and assessment of variable consideration reflect systematic risk mitigation and adaptation strategies. We believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities “is one of our fundamental financial strengths” and provides “significant flexibility to meet our financial commitments,” while our approach to debt financing seeks to “lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners’ equity” and maintain credit strength. Finally, we note that “beginning in January 2020, concerns related to the spread of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 have caused a disruption to our business,” which we expect to absorb while maintaining functionality, underlining our capacity for positive adjustment under challenging conditions.