item 1a.   risk factors.
any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations or financial condition. the following discussion of risk factors contains "forward-looking" statements, as discussed in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-special note regarding forward-looking statements."
we also face certain risks in connection with our proposed acquisition of celgene as described above in item 1 of this form 10-k. we encourage you to consider the risks below under the caption "-risks related to the proposed acquisition of celgene" and the risk factors set forth in our registration statement on form s-4 (registration no. 333-229464), initially filed with the sec on february 1, 2019 and subsequently amended on february 1, 2019 and february 20, 2019, for additional risk factors relating to our proposed acquisition of celgene.
risks related to our business the public announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, or news of any developments related to our, or our competitors', products or late-stage compounds may cause significant volatility in our stock price and depending on the data, may result in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. if the development of any of our key io compounds, whether alone or as part of a combination therapy, is delayed or discontinued or a clinical study does not meet one or more of its primary endpoints, our stock price could decline significantly and there may be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are focusing our efforts and resources in disease areas of high unmet need. with our more focused portfolio, investors are placing heightened scrutiny on some of our products or late-stage compounds. in particular, opdivo is the backbone of our io portfolio. during 2018, we announced multiple regulatory milestones for opdivo that resulted in label expansions for new indications. we have, however, also experienced setbacks and may continue to do so as there are further developments in our clinical studies. in 2019, we expect to receive further data from ongoing clinical studies, including further information from checkmate-227, a combination study in the first-line lung cancer setting and decisions from health authorities regarding potential label expansions.
the announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, or news of any developments related to our, or our competitors', products or late-stage compounds, such as opdivo, may cause significant volatility in our stock price and depending on the news, may result in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. furthermore, the announcement of any negative or unexpected data or the discontinuation of development of any of our key io compounds, whether alone or as part of a combination therapy, any delay in our anticipated timelines for filing for regulatory approval or a significant advancement of a competitor, may cause our stock price to decline significantly and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. there is no assurance that data from our clinical studies will support filings for regulatory approval, or that our key io compounds may prove to be effective or as effective as other competing compounds, or even if approved, that any of our key io compounds will become commercially successful for all approved indications.
we depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows and earnings.
we derive a majority of our revenue and earnings from several key products. our six prioritized brands comprised approximately 86% of revenues in 2018. growth products such as opdivo and eliquis represented, and are expected to increasingly represent, a significant part of our revenue, earnings and cash flows. a reduction in revenue from any of these products could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows. also, if one of our major products were to become subject to issues such as loss of patent protection, significant changes in demand, formulary access changes, material product liability, unexpected side effects, regulatory proceedings, negative publicity, supply disruption from our manufacturing operations or third-party supplier or a significant advancement of competing products, we may incur an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or trading price of our stock.
we may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products.
compounds or products may appear promising in development but fail to reach market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or at all. in addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved. furthermore, products or indications approved under the u.s. fda's accelerated approval program may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies and such studies may not be successful. for example, in november 2018, we announced that the checkmate-451 study did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival with opdivo+yervoy versus placebo as a maintenance therapy in patients with extensive-stage sclc after completion of first-line platinum-based chemotherapy.
developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including (i) due to efficacy and safety concerns, delayed or denied regulatory approvals, delays or challenges with producing products on a commercial scale or excessive costs to manufacture them; (ii) failure to enter into or implement optimal alliances for the development and/or commercialization of new products; (iii) failure to maintain a consistent scope and variety of promising late-stage products; (iv) failure of one or more of our products to achieve or maintain commercial viability; and (v) changes in regulatory approval processes may cause delays or denials of new product approvals.
regulatory approval delays are especially common when a product is expected to have a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, as required by the fda to address significant risk/benefit issues. the inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. in addition, if certain acquired pipeline programs are canceled or we believe their commercial prospects have been reduced, we may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs. finally, losing key molecules and intermediaries or our compound library through a natural or man-made disaster or act of sabotage could negatively impact the product development cycle.
bms is dependent on the market access, uptake and expansion for marketed brands, new product introductions, new indications, product extensions and co-promotional activities with alliance partners, to deliver future growth. competition is keen and includes (i) lower-priced generics and increasingly aggressive generic commercialization tactics, (ii) new competitive products entering the market, particularly in io, (iii) lower prices for other companies' products, real or perceived superior efficacy (benefit) or safety (risk) profiles or other differentiating factors, (iv) technological advances and patents attained by our competitors, (v) clinical study results from our products or a competitor's products that affect the value proposition for our products, (vi) business combinations among our competitors and major third-party payers and (vii) competing interests for external partnerships to develop and bring new products to markets. if we are unable to compete successfully against our competitors' products in the marketplace, this could have a material negative impact on our revenues and earnings.
we could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected.
in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, the majority of an innovative product's commercial value is realized during its market exclusivity period. in the u.s. and in some other countries, when market exclusivity expires and generic versions are approved and marketed or when biosimilars are introduced (even if only for a competing product), there are usually very substantial and rapid declines in a product's revenues.
market exclusivity for our products is based upon patent rights and certain regulatory forms of exclusivity. the scope of our patent rights varies from country to country and may also be dependent on the availability of meaningful legal remedies in a country. the failure to obtain patent and other intellectual property rights, or limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could be material to us. in some countries, including certain eu member states, basic patent protections for our products may not exist because certain countries did not historically offer the right to obtain specific types of patents and/or we (or our licensors) did not file in those countries. in addition, the patent environment can be unpredictable and the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. absent relevant patent protection for a product, once the data exclusivity period expires, generic versions can be approved and marketed.
generic and biosimilar product manufacturers as well as other groups seeking financial gain are also increasingly seeking to challenge patents before they expire, and we could face earlier-than-expected competition for any products at any time. patents covering our key products have been, and are likely to continue to be, subject to patent litigation. for example, in february 2017 one of the eu patents for sprycel was revoked by the opposition division of the epo. we may experience a decline in european revenues upon the entry of generics into the market. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 18. legal proceedings and contingencies" for further information. in some cases, manufacturers may seek regulatory approval by submitting their own clinical study data to obtain marketing approval or choose to launch a generic product "at risk" before the expiration of the applicable patent(s) and/or before the final resolution of related patent litigation. there is no assurance that a particular product will enjoy market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the estimates disclosed in this 2018 form 10-k or that we assume when we provide our financial guidance. in addition, some countries, such as india, are allowing competitors to manufacture and sell competing generic products, which negatively impacts the protections afforded the company. lower-priced biosimilars for bms biologic products or competing biologics could negatively impact our volumes and prices.
litigation claiming infringement of intellectual property may adversely affect our future revenues and operating earnings.
third parties may claim that we infringe upon their intellectual property. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require us to enter into license agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject us to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected product or products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition. in addition, if the proposed celgene acquisition is consummated, we will also be subject to certain intellectual property claims of celgene.
adverse outcomes in other legal matters could negatively affect our business.
current or future lawsuits, claims, proceedings and government investigations could preclude or delay the commercialization of our products or could adversely affect our operations, profitability, liquidity or financial condition, after any possible insurance recoveries, where available. such legal matters include (i) intellectual property disputes; (ii) adverse decisions in litigation, including product liability and commercial cases; (iii) anti-bribery regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practice act or uk bribery act, including compliance with ongoing reporting obligations to the government resulting from any settlements; (iv) recalls or withdrawals of pharmaceutical products or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (v) the failure to fulfill obligations under supply contracts with the government and other customers; (vi) product pricing and promotional matters; (vii) lawsuits and claims asserting, or investigations into, violations of securities, antitrust, federal and state pricing, consumer protection, data privacy and other laws; (viii) environmental, health, safety and sustainability matters; and (ix) tax liabilities resulting from assessments from tax authorities.
increased pricing pressure and other restrictions in the u.s. and abroad from mcos, institutional purchasers and government agencies and programs, among others, could negatively affect our revenues and profit margins.
our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from market access, pricing and discounting and other restrictions in the u.s., the eu and other regions around the world, including from (i) rules and practices of mcos and institutional and governmental purchasers; (ii) government administrative and policy changes and changes in laws and regulations for federal healthcare programs such as medicare and medicaid, other government actions and inquiries at the federal level (including the proposals contained in the "american patient first blueprint") that seek to amend pharmaceutical pricing and rebate reimbursement practices such as using international pricing indexes, modifying the federal anti-kickback statute discount safe harbor, accelerating generic drug approval processes, promoting the use of biosimilar drugs and the option of applying step therapy, listing prices of products in advertising and granting additional authority to governmental agencies to manage drug utilization and negotiate drug prices and laws at the state level that have recently been enacted in california, vermont, nevada and new york that are focused on drug pricing transparency and/or limiting state spending on drugs; (iii) the potential impact of changes to pharmaceutical reimbursement, changes resulting from our implementation of the guidance in the final rule issued by the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") on the calculation of average manufacturer price and best price and changes that are required based on the guidance from the cms from the rule that was deferred; (iv) the impact of the increased pricing pressure from medicare part d formularies, medicare part b reimbursement rates to physicians, expanded utilization under the 340b drug pricing program, as well as commercial formularies in general; (v) reimbursement delays; (vi) government price erosion mechanisms across europe and in other countries, resulting in deflation for pharmaceutical product pricing; (vii) collection delays or failures to pay in government-funded public hospitals outside the u.s.; (viii) the impact on pricing from parallel trade and drug importation across borders; (ix) other developments in technology and/or industry practices that could impact the reimbursement policies and practices of third-party payers; and (x) inhibited market access due to real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared to competing products.
we are subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws and regulations.
we are currently subject to a number of government laws and regulations and in the future, could become subject to new government laws and regulations. the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, or the negative results of non-compliance, could adversely affect our business, our operating results and the financial condition of our company; these include (i) additional healthcare reform initiatives in the u.s. or in other countries, including additional mandatory discounts or fees; (ii) new laws, regulations and judicial or other governmental decisions affecting pricing, drug reimbursement, receivable payments and access or marketing within or across jurisdictions; (iii) changes in intellectual property law; (iv) changes in accounting standards; (v) new and increasing data privacy regulations and enforcement, particularly in the eu and the u.s.; (vi) emerging and new global regulatory requirements for reporting payments and other value transfers to healthcare professionals; and (vii) the potential impact of importation restrictions, legislative and/or other regulatory changes.
changes to tax regulations could negatively impact our earnings.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various other countries globally. in particular, although the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 reduced the u.s. tax rate to 21%, our future earnings could be negatively impacted by changes in tax legislation including changing tax rates and tax base such as limiting, phasing-out or eliminating deductions or tax credits, taxing certain excess income from intellectual property, changing rules for earnings repatriations and changing other tax laws in the u.s. or other countries.
third-party royalties represent a significant percentage of our pretax income and operating cash flow.
we have entered into several arrangements which entitle us to potential royalties from third parties for out-licensed intellectual property, commercialization rights and sales-based contingent proceeds related to the divestiture of businesses. in many of these arrangements we have minimal, if any, continuing involvement that contribute to the financial success of those activities. royalties have continued to represent a significant percentage of our pretax income, including royalties related to the divestiture of plavix* and avapro*/avalide*, our erbitux* and diabetes businesses (including the transfer of certain future royalty rights pertaining to amylin, onglyza* and farxiga* product sales), our sanofi arrangement, out-licensed intellectual property and the merck patent infringement settlement. pretax income generated from royalties was approximately $1.7 billion in 2018. our pretax income could be adversely affected if the royalty streams decline in future periods.
the failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations could adversely affect our business.
we rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, it and other business unit and functional services and meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations. using these third parties poses a number of risks, such as: (i) they may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, for example, in relation to the outsourcing of significant clinical development activities for innovative medicines to some contract research organizations; (ii) they may not produce reliable results; (iii) they may not perform in a timely manner; (iv) they may not maintain confidentiality of our proprietary information; (v) they may incur a significant cyberattack or business disruption; (vi) disputes may arise with respect to ownership of rights to technology developed with our partners; and (vii) disagreements could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of the product or result in litigation or arbitration. moreover, some third parties are located in markets subject to political and social risk, corruption, infrastructure problems and natural disasters, in addition to country specific privacy and data security risk given current legal and regulatory environments. the failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations, including for future royalty and milestone payments; adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us or address other factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. in addition, if these third parties violate, or are alleged to have violated, any laws or regulations, including the local pharmaceutical code, u.s. foreign corrupt practice act, uk bribery act and other similar laws and regulations, during the performance of their obligations for us, it is possible that we could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences.
failure to execute our business strategy could adversely impact our growth and profitability.
our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. if we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. in connection with this strategy, we are in the process of acquiring celgene, a leading innovative biotech company that complements our existing portfolio of medicines and pipeline assets across our key disease areas of focus. our ability to successfully complete the acquisition and successfully integrate celgene could impact our results of operations. if we are not able to achieve the cost savings that we expect, this could negatively impact our operating margin and earnings results. in addition, we may be unable to consistently maintain an adequate pipeline, through internal r&d programs or transactions with third parties, to support future revenue growth. competition among pharmaceutical companies for acquisition and product licensing opportunities is intense, and we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition targets or licensing partners at reasonable prices, or successfully execute such transactions. if we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change from our operating model evolution and manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect our ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical r&d, governmental regulation and commercialization. competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. we cannot be sure that we will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase.
any businesses or assets that we acquire in the future may underperform, we may not be able to successfully integrate them into our existing business and the occurrence of a number of unexpected factors could prevent or substantially delay the consummation of an anticipated acquisition, divestiture or merger.
we have acquired, or in-licensed, a number of other assets and we expect to continue to support our pipeline with compounds or products obtained through licensing and acquisitions. future revenues, profits and cash flows of an acquired company's products, technologies and pipeline candidates, may not materialize due to low product uptake, delayed or missed pipeline opportunities, the inability to capture expected synergies, increased competition, safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain problems or other factors beyond our control. substantial difficulties, costs and delays could result from integrating our acquisitions, including for (i) r&d, manufacturing, distribution, sales, marketing, promotion and information technology activities; (ii) policies, procedures, processes, controls and compliance; and (iii) tax considerations. in addition, due to the substantial amount of debt that we expect to incur to finance the cash portion of the proposed celgene acquisition consideration, there can be no assurance that, if the acquisition is consummated, we will choose to continue to invest in these technologies.
we could experience difficulties and delays in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products.
our product supply and related patient access could be negatively impacted by, among other things: (i) product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (ii) our failure, or the failure of any of our suppliers, to comply with cgmp and other applicable regulations or quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing; (iii) manufacturing, quality assurance/quality control, supply problems or governmental approval delays; (iv) the failure of a sole source or single source supplier to provide us with the necessary raw materials, supplies or finished goods within a reasonable timeframe and with required quality; (v) the failure of a third-party manufacturer to supply us with bulk active or finished product on time; (vi) construction or regulatory approval delays for new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for our biologics products, such as opdivo; (vii) the failure to meet new and emerging regulations requiring products to be tracked throughout the distribution channels using unique identifiers to verify their authenticity in the supply chain; (viii) other manufacturing or distribution issues, including limits to manufacturing capacity and changes in the types of products produced, such as biologics, physical limitations or other business interruptions; and (ix) disruption in supply chain continuity, including from natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism or other external factors over which we have no control impacting one or more of our facilities or at a critical supplier. for example, our new biologics manufacturing facility in cruiserath, ireland is expected to be approved for commercial use in early 2020. a delay in the planned opening of the site could impact the supply of our products or require us to obtain product supply from third parties at a significant cost.
product labeling changes for our marketed products could result in a negative impact on revenues and profit margins.
we or regulatory authorities may need to change the labeling for any pharmaceutical product, including after a product has been marketed for several years. these changes are often the result of additional data from post-marketing studies, head-to-head studies, adverse events reports, studies that identify biomarkers (objective characteristics that can indicate a particular response to a product or therapy) or other studies or post-marketing experience that produce important additional information about a product. new information added to a product's label can affect its risk-benefit profile, leading to potential recalls, withdrawals or declining revenue, as well as product liability claims. sometimes additional information from these studies identifies a portion of the patient population that may be non-responsive to a medicine or would be at higher risk of adverse reactions and labeling changes based on such studies may limit the patient population. the studies providing such additional information may be sponsored by us, but they could also be sponsored by competitors, insurance companies, government institutions, mcos, scientists, investigators or other interested parties. while additional safety and efficacy information from such studies assist us and healthcare providers in identifying the best patient population for each product, it can also negatively impact our revenues due to inventory returns and a more limited patient population going forward. additionally, certain study results, especially from head-to-head studies, could affect a product's formulary listing, which could also adversely affect revenues.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unregistered versions of our products or stolen products could have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business.
third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. a patient who receives a counterfeit drug may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit drugs sold under our brand name. thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are then not properly stored and are later sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business. in addition, diversion of products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability.
we are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage.
we rely extensively on it systems, networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, physical security systems and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted provided and/or used for third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. a significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure, by our workforce, others with authorized access to our systems or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. the ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers', systems, portable media or storage devices. we could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. we have invested in industry appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and it to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. while we maintain cyber insurance, this insurance may not, however, be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. there can be no assurance that our continuing efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business.
adverse changes in u.s. and global economic and political conditions could adversely affect our profitability.
global economic and political risks pose significant challenges to a company's growth and profitability and are difficult to mitigate. we generated approximately 45% of our revenues outside of the u.s. in 2018. as such, our revenues, earnings and cash flow are exposed to risk from a strengthening u.s. dollar. we have exposure to customer credit risks in europe, south america and other markets including from government-guaranteed hospital receivables in markets where payments are not received on time. we have significant operations in europe, including for manufacturing and distribution. the results of our operations could be negatively impacted by any member country exiting the eurozone monetary union or eu, including the planned exit of the uk from the eu, in particular an exit without a withdrawal agreement and associated transition period in place, may have an impact on our research, commercial and general business operations in the uk and the eu, including the approval and supply of our products.
in addition, any discontinuation or modification of the libor and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the manner of administration of benchmarks could result in adverse consequences to the return on, value of and market for our securities and other instruments whose returns are linked to any such benchmark. additionally, future pension plan funding requirements continue to be sensitive to global economic conditions and the related impact on equity markets. also, disruptions in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital. finally, our business, operations may be adversely affected by political volatility, conflicts or crises in individual countries or regions, including terrorist activities or war.
the declaration, amount and timing of any dividends fall within the discretion of our board of directors. the board's decision will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our board may deem relevant. a reduction or elimination of our dividend payments or dividend program could adversely affect our stock price. in addition, we could, at any time, decide not to buy back any more shares in the market, which could also adversely affect our stock price.
increased use of social media platforms present risks and challenges.
we are increasing our use of social media to communicate company news and events. the inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to legal implications, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information from employees, patients, healthcare professionals or other stakeholders. in addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation, brand image and goodwill. further, the disclosure of non-public company-sensitive information by our workforce or others through external media channels could lead to information loss. identifying new points of entry as social media continues to expand presents new challenges.
risks related to the proposed acquisition of celgene we may not realize the anticipated benefits and synergies from our proposed acquisition of celgene.
on january 3, 2019, we announced that we have entered into a definitive merger agreement with celgene under which we will acquire celgene. while we and celgene will continue to operate independently until the completion of the acquisition, the success of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from successfully combining our and celgene's businesses and we plan on devoting substantial management attention and resources to integrating our business practices and operations with celgene's so that we can fully realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. nonetheless, difficulties may arise during the process of combining the operations of our companies that could result in the failure to achieve the synergies or free cash flow that we anticipate, the loss of key employees that may be difficult to replace in the very competitive pharmaceutical field, the disruption of each company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, alliance partners, creditors, clinical trial investigators or managers of its clinical trials. as a result, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully within the expected timeframe or at all or may take longer to realize or cost more than expected, which could materially impact the business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations as well as adversely impact the price of the shares of the combined company.
in addition, at times, the attention of certain members of each company's management and each company's resources may be focused on completion of the merger and the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt each company's ongoing business and the business of the combined company.
we and celgene are the targets of a securities class action and derivative lawsuit in connection with the acquisition, described under "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 18. legal proceedings and contingencies," and could become targets of additional actions and lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the acquisition from being completed.
failure to complete our pending acquisition of celgene could negatively impact our stock price and our future business and financial results.
our obligations and the obligations of celgene to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions. there can be no assurance that the conditions to completion of the acquisition will be satisfied or waived or that the acquisition will be completed. if the acquisition is not consummated for any reason, we may receive negative reactions from our shareholders, providers, vendors, regulators and employees and we may be subjected to various material risks, including the possibility that the price of our common stock and other securities may decline to the extent that current market prices reflect a market assumption that the acquisition will be completed.
also, in the event of a termination of the merger agreement under certain specified circumstances, we could be required to reimburse expenses of celgene or pay celgene a termination fee of up to $2.2 billion and we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or to specifically enforce our obligation to perform our obligations under the merger agreement. in addition, the merger agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of our businesses prior to completion of the merger, and such restrictions, the waiver of which is subject to consent of celgene, may prevent us from making certain acquisitions, taking certain other specified actions or otherwise pursuing business opportunities during the pendency of the merger that we would have made, taken or pursued if these restrictions were not in place.
if any of these risks materialize, they may materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, financial results, ratings, stock prices and/or bond prices.
we will incur significant additional indebtedness to finance our pending acquisition of celgene as well as transaction and acquisition-related costs in connection with the acquisition, which will limit our operating flexibility.
upon completion of the acquisition, we will increase our indebtedness, which will include acquisition debt financing of approximately $33.5 billion and the assumption of approximately $19.9 billion of celgene's debt, resulting in us having a higher debt-to-equity ratio. in addition, celgene shareholders will also receive one tradeable contingent value right for each share of celgene representing the right to receive $9.00 in cash upon the achievement of future regulatory milestones. as a result of the acquisition and increased indebtedness, we anticipate that our corporate credit ratings will be decreased by one or more ratings agencies. the increased indebtedness and any payments pursuant to the contingent value right will significantly reduce the amount of cash flow available to fund our efforts to combine our business with celgene and realize expected benefits of the pending acquisition, to pursue other acquisitions, and to engage in investments in product development, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases and other activities, which could, among other things, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to our business and industry and, together with any decrease in our credit ratings, increase our borrowing costs. in addition, under certain circumstances, we could be required to repurchase celgene's outstanding debt securities, and we cannot provide assurances that we would have sufficient funds to do so.
we expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs in connection with the acquisition, whether or not the acquisition is completed, which will be mostly comprised of transaction costs, facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. although we expect that the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset at least a portion of these costs, this net benefit may not be accomplished in the near term or at all.
we and celgene may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other key employees in light of the proposed acquisition.
due to the specialized scientific and managerial nature of our business, we and celgene rely heavily on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical and managerial personnel. the competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical field is intense and our success after the transaction will depend in part on our ability to retain scientific and technical personnel and other key employees of celgene. uncertainty about the effect of the merger on our and celgene employees may have an adverse effect on each of us and celgene separately and consequently the combined business. this uncertainty may impair our and/or celgene's ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel. employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the merger, as our and celgene's employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles in the combined business.
additionally, celgene's officers and employees may hold shares of celgene common stock, and, if the merger is completed, these officers and employees may be entitled to cash and/or the merger consideration in respect of such shares of celgene common stock. officers and employees may hold celgene stock options, celgene rsus, celgene psus and celgene rsas that are subject to accelerated vesting upon a termination without cause and/or a resignation for "good reason" following completion of the merger. pursuant to employment agreements and/or other agreements or arrangements with celgene, certain key employees of celgene are also entitled to receive severance payments upon a termination without cause and/or a resignation for "good reason" following completion of the merger. under these agreements, certain key employees of celgene potentially could resign from his or her employment following specified circumstances set forth in his or her applicable agreement, including an adverse change in his or her title, authority or responsibilities, compensation and benefits or primary office location. these payments, individually or in the aggregate, could make retention of celgene officers and employees more difficult.
furthermore, if our and celgene's key employees depart or are at risk of departing, including because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration, financial security or a desire not to become employees of the combined business, we may have to incur significant costs in retaining such individuals or in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent relating to the business of celgene, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger may be materially and adversely affected. accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be able to attract or retain key employees of celgene to the same extent that celgene has been able to attract or retain employees in the past.
if our pending acquisition of celgene is consummated, our stockholders' ownership percentage will be diluted.
if the proposed acquisition is consummated, we will issue to celgene shareholders shares of our common stock. as a result of the issuance of these shares of our common stock, our shareholders will own a smaller percentage of the combined company after the acquisition and will therefore have a reduced voting interest after the acquisition. based on preliminary estimates which may materially change after the completion of the merger, the proposed acquisition is expected to be dilutive to our 2019 gaap eps, principally due to the amortization of intangible assets associated with celgene's currently marketed product rights as well as additional interest, acquisition and integration costs. although we expect the transaction to be accretive to our 2019 non-gaap eps, unexpected factors may result in lower or delayed accretion or even in dilution to our eps in 2019 or in future years.
the combined company will be subject to the risks that celgene faces, in addition to the risks faced by bristol-myers squibb.
celgene has several commercialized products as well as a diverse early- and late-stage pipeline that includes five potential near-term product launches. if we consummate our acquisition of celgene, the combined company may be negatively affected if the expiration or loss of patent protection for any of these commercialized products occurs, or upon the "at-risk" launch by a manufacturer of a generic version of any of these products. in addition, if the combined company fails to obtain timely, or at all, requisite regulatory approvals in the u.s. and internationally for products in development or if research and development for the early-stage pipeline requires greater financial investment than we anticipated, our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed.
if we consummate our acquisition of celgene, we will assume celgene's risks arising from legal proceedings. like many pharmaceutical companies in the current legal environment, celgene is involved in various patent, product liability, consumer, commercial, securities, environmental and tax litigations and claims, government investigations and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. we cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of celgene's pending or future legal proceedings and an adverse outcome in any of these matters could be material to our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this 2018 form 10-k to enhance the understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
executive summary bristol-myers squibb company is a global specialty biopharmaceutical company whose mission is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. refer to the summary of abbreviated terms at the end of this 2018 form 10-k for terms used throughout the document.
in 2018, we received 14 approvals for new medicines and additional indications and formulations of currently marketed medicines in major markets (the u.s., eu, japan and china) including multiple regulatory milestone achievements for opdivo and opdivo+yervoy combinations. we are committed to investigating opdivo alone and in combination with yervoy and other anti-cancer agents for a wide array of tumor types, including broad programs in lung, head & neck, liver, kidney, bladder and stomach. we continue to believe that the breadth and depth of our io portfolio positions us well for the future. we have 17 new io compounds in clinical development and studies across more than 35 different tumor types. in addition, we advanced certain other non-io r&d programs in our pipeline, including tyk2 inhibitor for the treatment of psoriasis and other autoimmune diseases, factor xia inhibitor for the treatment of thrombosis (in collaboration with janssen), and pegbelfermin (peg-fgf21) for the treatment of nash.
in 2018, our revenues increased 9% as a result of higher demand for our prioritized brands including opdivo and eliquis partially offset by increased competition for established brands, primarily hiv brands and daklinza. the $2.40 increase in gaap eps was primarily due to 2017 tax charges attributed to tax reform and higher revenues. these items were partially offset by higher losses on equity investments. after adjusting for the impact of tax reform, equity investment losses and other specified items, non-gaap eps increased $0.97 primarily as a result of higher revenues, higher royalties and licensing income and a lower effective tax rate. cost savings resulting from our transformation initiatives continue to be redeployed in r&d and other areas of higher priorities.
on january 3, 2019, we announced that we have entered into a definitive merger agreement with celgene under which we will acquire celgene. for further discussion on our pending acquisition with celgene and on our other acquisitions, divestitures and licensing arrangements, refer to "item 1a. risk factors," "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 4. acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements" and "-note 19. subsequent event."
in 2017, our revenues increased 7% as a result of higher demand for our prioritized brands including opdivo and eliquis partially offset by increased competition for established brands, primarily daklinza. the $2.04 decrease in gaap eps was due to tax charges attributed to tax reform ($1.76 per share) and to a lesser extent higher license, asset acquisition and restructuring related charges and lower divestiture- related income. these items were partially offset by higher revenues, royalties and licensing income and a patent-infringement settlement. after adjusting for the impact of tax reform and other specified items, non-gaap eps increased $0.18 primarily as a result of higher revenues partially offset by product mix and higher r&d expenses supporting opdivo and other io programs.
highlights the following table summarizes our financial information:
our non-gaap financial measures, including non-gaap earnings and related eps information, are adjusted to exclude specified items that represent certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other items impacting the comparability of financial results. for a detailed listing of all specified items and further information and reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures refer to "-non-gaap financial measures."
significant product and pipeline approvals the following is a summary of the 14 significant approvals received in 2018.
august 2018   approval in japan for adjuvant treatment of melanoma.
august 2018   fda approval as the first and only io treatment option for patients with metastatic sclc whose cancer has progressed after platinum-based chemotherapy and at least one other line of therapy.
july 2018     ec approval for the adjuvant treatment of adult patients with melanoma with involvement of lymph nodes or metastatic disease who have undergone complete resection.
june 2018     approval in china for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic nsclc after prior platinum-based chemotherapy in adult patients without egfr or alk genomic tumor aberrations.
opdivo+yervoy   august 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                           approval in japan of opdivo plus low-dose yervoy for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic rcc.
july 2018       fda approval of opdivo plus low-dose yervoy for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older with msi-h or dmmr mcrc that has progressed following treatment with fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin and irinotecan.
may 2018        approval in japan of opdivo+yervoy combination for previously untreated patients with unresectable melanoma.
april 2018      fda approval of opdivo+yervoy combination for previously untreated patients with intermediate and poor-risk advanced rcc.
orencia   february 2018   approval in japan for an intravenously administered treatment of moderate to severe polyarticular jia in patients two years of age and older.
empliciti   november 2018   fda approval of empliciti injection for intravenous use in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies, including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor.
sprycel     december 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                              fda expanded the indication for sprycel to include the treatment of pediatric patients one year of age and older with newly diagnosed philadelphia chromosome-positive all in combination with chemotherapy.
july 2018   ec expanded the indication for sprycel to include the treatment of children and adolescents aged 1 year to 18 years with chronic phase philadelphia chromosome-positive cml and to include a powder for oral suspension.
yervoy   january 2018   ec approval of advanced (unresectable or metastatic) melanoma in pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.
refer to "-product and pipeline developments" for all of the developments in our marketed products and late-stage pipeline in 2018 and in early 2019.
strategy our focus as a specialty biopharmaceutical company is on discovering, developing and delivering transformational medicines that address serious unmet medical needs. our strategy is to combine the resources, scale and capability of a pharmaceutical company with the speed and focus on innovation of the biotech industry. our four strategic priorities are to drive business performance, continue to build a leading franchise in io, maintain a diversified portfolio both within and outside of io, and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation, including establishing partnerships, collaborations and in-licensing or acquiring investigational compounds as an essential component of successfully delivering transformational medicines to patients.
we are developing new medicines in the following core therapeutic areas: (1) oncology with a priority in certain tumor types; (2) immunoscience with priorities in psoriasis, lupus, ra and inflammatory bowel disease; (3) cardiovascular with a priority in heart disease and; (4) fibrotic disease with priorities in lung and liver. we continue to advance the next wave of innovative medicines by investing significantly in our pipeline both internally and through business development activities. we expect that our planned acquisition of celgene will further position us as a leading biopharmaceutical company, expanding our oncology and immunoscience portfolios with several near-term assets and additional external partnerships. we continue to invest in our io portfolio by pursuing both monotherapy and combination approaches, and advancing our next wave of early assets. we entered into several new collaboration agreements across our therapeutic areas of focus and expanded others to research and develop opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens. we remain focused and well-resourced in our cancer development programs and seek to broaden the use of opdivo in earlier lines of therapy, expand into new tumors, accelerate next wave io mechanisms and develop treatment options for refractory io patients. beyond cancer, we continue to advance our early stage portfolio in immunoscience, cardiovascular and fibrotic diseases and strengthen our partnerships with a diverse group of companies and academic institutions in new and expanded research activities. we believe our differentiated internal and external focus contributes to the advancing of our pipeline of potentially transformational medicines.
our commercial model has been evolving and revenues from our prioritized brands continue to grow which demonstrates strong execution of our strategy. we continue to drive growth of opdivo by expanding into additional indications and tumor types both as a monotherapy and in combination with yervoy and other anti-cancer agents. eliquis continues to grow, leveraging its best in class clinical profile and extensive real world data and is now the number one novel oral anticoagulant in total prescriptions in the u.s. we are building on the continued success of our other prioritized brands and remain strongly committed to orencia and sprycel. through our operating model transformation, our commercial infrastructure is uniquely leveraged for potential growth.
our operating model continues to evolve and we have been successful in focusing commercial, r&d and manufacturing resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our r&d capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection and new biomarkers, delivering leaner administrative functions and streamlining our manufacturing network to reflect the importance of biologics in our current and future portfolio. the evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio.
looking ahead, we will continue to implement our biopharma strategy by driving the growth of prioritized brands, executing product launches, investing in our diverse and innovative pipeline, aided by strategic business development, focusing on prioritized markets, increasing investments in our biologics manufacturing capabilities and maintaining a culture of continuous improvement.
acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and collaboration arrangements acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and collaboration arrangements allow us to focus our resources behind our growth opportunities that drive the greatest long-term value. we are focused on the following core therapeutic areas: oncology, including io, immunoscience, cardiovascular and fibrosis. significant acquisitions, divestitures and licensing and collaboration arrangements during the past three years are summarized below. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data -note 3. alliances" and "-note 4. acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and other arrangements" for further information.
2018 arrangements nektar: bms and nektar commenced a worldwide license and collaboration for the development and commercialization of nktr-214, nektar's investigational immuno-stimulatory therapy.
janssen: bms and janssen commenced a worldwide collaboration for the development and commercialization of a factor xia program including bms's factor xia inhibitor, bms-986177, an investigational anticoagulant compound being studied for the prevention and treatment of major thrombotic conditions.
promedior: bms notified promedior that the company would not be exercising a warrant obtained in 2015 to purchase all outstanding shares of promedior.
rigel: bms notified rigel pharmaceuticals, inc., that the company would discontinue its participation in the preclinical collaboration of cancer immunotherapies based on rigel's small molecule tgf beta receptor kinase inhibitors originally commenced in 2015.
2017 arrangements ono: bms acquired an exclusive license to develop and commercialize ono-4578, ono's prostaglandin e2 receptor 4 antagonist for the treatment of cancer. bms acquired worldwide rights except in japan, south korea, and taiwan where it was added to the existing collaboration and in china and asean countries where ono retained exclusive rights.
halozyme: bms and halozyme entered into a global collaboration and license agreement to develop subcutaneously administered bms io medicines using halozyme's enhanze* drug-delivery technology which may allow for more rapid delivery of large volume injectable medications.
ifm: bms acquired all of the outstanding shares of ifm providing bms with full rights to ifm's preclinical sting and nlrp3 agonist programs focused on enhancing the innate immune response for treating cancer.
biogen: bms out-licensed to biogen exclusive rights to develop and commercialize bms-986168, an anti-etau compound in development for progressive supranuclear palsy.
roche: bms out-licensed to roche exclusive rights to develop and commercialize bms-986089, an anti-myostatin adnectin in development for duchenne muscular dystrophy.
cytomx: bms and cytomx expanded their initial 2014 strategic collaboration to discover novel cancer treatment therapies that will include up to eight additional targets using cytomx's proprietary probody platform for the treatment of cancer.
2016 arrangements psioxus: bms acquired exclusive worldwide rights to psioxus's ng-348, a pre-clinical stage, "armed" oncolytic virus with the goal of addressing solid tumors.
padlock: bms acquired all of the outstanding shares of padlock providing bms with full rights to padlock's pad inhibitor discovery program focused on the development of treatment approaches for patients with ra.
cormorant: bms acquired all of the outstanding shares of cormorant providing bms with full rights to cormorant's lead candidate humax-il8, a monoclonal antibody that represents a potentially complementary io mechanism of action to t-cell directed antibodies and co-stimulatory molecules.
nitto denko: bms acquired an exclusive worldwide license to develop and commercialize nitto denko's investigational sirna molecules targeting heat shock protein 47 (hsp47) in vitamin a containing formulations including nitto denko's lead asset nd-l02-s0201, currently in development for the treatment of advanced liver fibrosis, and the option to receive exclusive licenses for hsp47 sirnas in vitamin a containing formulations for the treatment of lung and other organ fibrosis.
results of operations regional revenues the composition of the changes in revenues was as follows:
total revenues                     analysis of % change                     analysis of % change total                foreign             total          foreign dollars in millions                 2018   2017                  2016                           change            exchange(b)            change          exchange(b)
rest of the world             3,733                 3,877                 3,964              (4     )%             (2   )%            (2     )%          -
(a)   other revenues include royalties and alliance-related revenues for products not sold by our regional commercial organizations.
(b)   foreign exchange impacts were derived by applying the prior period average currency rates to the current period sales.
u.s. revenues in 2018 were impacted by higher demand for opdivo and eliquis partially offset by lower demand for established brands due to increased competition, primarily hiv brands and daklinza. the higher growth rate in the u.s. was due to additional indication approvals for opdivo. average u.s. net selling prices in 2018 were unchanged after charge-backs, rebates and discounts. refer to "-product revenues commentary" for additional information.
europe revenues in 2018 were impacted by higher demand for eliquis and opdivo and foreign exchange, partially offset by lower demand for established brands due to increased competition and lower average net selling prices.
rest of the world revenues in 2018 were impacted by lower demand for established brands due to increased competition, lower average net selling prices and foreign exchange, partially offset by higher demand for opdivo and eliquis.
u.s. revenues in 2017 were impacted by higher demand for eliquis and opdivo partially offset by lower demand for established brands due to increased competition, primarily daklinza and hiv brands. average u.s. net selling prices were approximately 2% higher after charge-backs, rebates and discounts. refer to "-product revenues commentary" for additional information.
europe revenues in 2017 were impacted by higher demand for opdivo and eliquis partially offset by lower demand for daklinza due to increased competition and lower average net selling prices.
rest of the world revenues in 2017 were impacted by lower demand for established brands, including daklinza, due to increased competition and out-licensing of a mature brand product, partially offset by higher demand for opdivo and eliquis and lower average net selling prices.
no single country outside the u.s. contributed more than 10% of total revenues in 2018, 2017 and 2016.
gtn adjustments we recognize revenue net of gtn adjustments that are further described in "-critical accounting policies."
the activities and ending reserve balances for each significant category of gtn adjustments were as follows:
dollars in millions                                charge-backs and cash discounts       medicaid and medicare rebates            other rebates, returns, discounts and adjustments               total balance at january 1, 2017                                       $126                                 $520                                                $1,160                             $1,806
the reconciliation of gross product sales to net product sales by each significant category of gtn adjustments was as follows:
year ended december 31,                                    % change dollars in millions                                               2018                  2017                  2016         2018 vs. 2017         2017 vs. 2016
gtn adjustments charge-backs and cash discounts                            (2,735    )           (2,084    )           (1,582    )           31   %                32   %
other rebates, returns, discounts and adjustments          (2,633    )           (2,071    )           (1,698    )           27   %                22   %
total gtn adjustments                                      (8,593    )           (6,241    )           (4,662    )           38   %                34   %
gtn adjustments percentage                                     28    %               24    %               21    %            4   %                 3   %
gtn adjustments are primarily a function of product sales volume, regional and payer channel mix, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates. gtn adjustments are increasing at a higher rate than gross product sales due to higher u.s. eliquis gross product sales, which has a relatively high gtn adjustment percentage as a result of competitive pressures to maintain its position on healthcare payer formularies allowing patients continued access through their medical plans.
product revenues year ended december 31,                                    % change dollars in millions                   2018                  2017                  2016         2018 vs. 2017         2017 vs. 2016
**   change in excess of 100%
opdivo (nivolumab) - a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to the pd-1 on t and nkt cells that has been approved for several anti-cancer indications including bladder, blood, colon, head and neck, kidney, liver, lung, melanoma and stomach and continues to be investigated across other tumor types and disease areas.
   u.s. revenues increased in both periods due to higher demand. the higher growth rate in 2018 was primarily due to the approvals for the treatment of adjuvant melanoma, liver cancer and the opdivo+yervoy combination for kidney cancer, which is partially offset by the decline in lung cancer indication.
   international revenues increased in both periods due to higher demand as a result of approvals for additional indications and launches in new countries. the lower growth rate in 2018 was primarily due to additional competition for opdivo in the nsclc indication.
eliquis (apixaban) - an oral factor xa inhibitor, targeted at stroke prevention in adult patients with nvaf and the prevention and treatment of vte disorders.
   u.s. revenues increased in both periods due to market share gains partially offset by lower average net selling prices.
   international revenues increased in both periods due to higher demand attributed to market share gains and growth of the novel oral anticoagulants market.
   international revenues increased in both periods due to higher demand. we may experience additional competition in europe from biosimilars of competitor products in future periods.
sprycel (dasatinib) - an oral inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinase indicated for the first-line treatment of adults with philadelphia chromosome-positive cml in chronic phase and the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase cml with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy, including gleevec* (imatinib mesylate).
   u.s. revenues decreased in 2018 due to inventory workdown offset by higher average net selling prices. u.s. revenues increased in 2017 due to higher demand and higher average net selling prices.
   international revenues remained unchanged in 2018. international revenues increased in 2017 due to higher demand. we may experience a decline in european revenues in the event that generic datasinib product enters the market.
yervoy (ipilimumab) - a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma.
   u.s. revenues increased in both periods due to higher demand. revenue growth rate in 2018 decreased due to lower demand resulting from other io products being used in the adjuvant treatment of patients with melanoma, including opdivo.
   international revenues increased in both periods due to higher demand primarily in europe following the approval of the opdivo+yervoy combination therapy for melanoma.
baraclude (entecavir) - an oral antiviral agent for the treatment of chronic hepatitis b.
reyataz (atazanavir sulfate) franchise - includes reyataz - a protease inhibitor for the treatment of hiv and evotaz (atazanavir 300 mg and cobicistat 150 mg) - a combination therapy containing reyataz and tybost* (cobicistat).
sustiva (efavirenz) franchise - a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor for the treatment of hiv, which includes sustiva, an antiretroviral drug, and bulk efavirenz, which is also included in the combination therapy, atripla*.
   the loe for sustiva in the u.s. occurred in december 2017. gilead terminated bms's participation in the u.s. and canada joint venture following the launch of a generic version of sustiva in the u.s. as a result, bms's share of atripla* revenues will further decline during the next two years. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances" for further discussion.
   international revenues for 2018 include $204 million of u.s. atripla* royalty revenue.
hepatitis c franchise - daklinza (daclatasvir) - an ns5a replication complex inhibitor; sunvepra (asunaprevir) - an ns3 protease inhibitor; and beclabuvir - an ns5b inhibitor.
other brands - includes all other brands, including those which have lost exclusivity in major markets, otc brands and royalty revenue.
   international revenues decreased in 2018 primarily due to lower plavix* royalties as a result of the adoption of amended revenue guidance, the expiration of rights to abilify* in canada, lower diabetes product supply sales and continued generic erosion. the revenue decrease in 2017 was due to out-licensing and divestiture of certain other brands and continued generic erosion.
estimated end-user demand pursuant to the sec consent order described under "-sec consent order", we monitor the level of inventory on hand in the u.s. wholesaler distribution channel and outside of the u.s. in the direct customer distribution channel. we are obligated to disclose products with levels of inventory in excess of one month on hand or expected demand, subject to a de minimis exception. estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel in excess of one month on hand for the following products were not material to our results of operations as of the dates indicated. at december 31, 2018, daklinza had 6 months of inventory on hand in the u.s. as a result of minimum required stock levels to support patient demand. we expect inventory on hand levels of daklinza to exceed one month over the near term. below are international products that had estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel in excess of one month on hand at september 30, 2018.
dafalgan, an analgesic product sold principally in europe, had 1.2 months of inventory on hand internationally at direct customers compared to 1.3 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2018. the level of inventory on hand was primarily due to the ordering patterns of pharmacists in france.
efferalgan, an analgesic product sold principally in europe, had 1.7 months of inventory on hand internationally at direct customers compared to also 1.4 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2018. the level of inventory on hand was primarily due to the ordering patterns of pharmacists in france.
fervex, a cold and flu product, had 1.3 months of inventory on hand at direct customers compared to 1.5 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2018. the level of inventory on hand was primarily due to the ordering patterns of pharmacists in france.
daklinza, a hepatitis c product, had 1.2 months of inventory on hand internationally at direct customers compared to 1.4 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2018. the level of inventory on hand was attributable to low volume in-market sales in canada.
perfalgan, an analgesic product, had 1.3 months of inventory on hand internationally at direct customers compared to 1.5 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2018. the level of inventory on hand was primarily in the gulf countries due to extended delivery lead time.
sustiva, an hiv product, had 1.1 months of inventory on hand internationally at direct customers compared to 1.0 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2018. the level of inventory on hand was attributable to low volume in-market sales in canada.
in the u.s., we generally determine our months on hand estimates using inventory levels of product on hand and the amount of out-movement provided by our three largest wholesalers, which account for approximately 97% of total gross sales of u.s. products. factors that may influence our estimates include generic competition, seasonality of products, wholesaler purchases in light of increases in wholesaler list prices, new product launches, new warehouse openings by wholesalers and new customer stockings by wholesalers. in addition, these estimates are calculated using third-party data, which may be impacted by their recordkeeping processes.
our non-u.s. businesses have significantly more direct customers. information on available direct customer product level inventory and corresponding out-movement information and the reliability of third-party demand information varies widely. we limit our direct customer sales channel inventory reporting to where we can influence demand. when this information does not exist or is otherwise not available, we have developed a variety of methodologies to estimate such data, including using historical sales made to direct customers and third-party market research data related to prescription trends and end-user demand. given the difficulties inherent in estimating third-party demand information, we evaluate our methodologies to estimate direct customer product level inventory and to calculate months on hand on an ongoing basis and make changes as necessary. factors that may affect our estimates include generic competition, seasonality of products, price increases, new product launches, new warehouse openings by direct customers, new customer stockings by direct customers and expected direct customer purchases for governmental bidding situations. as such, all of the information required to estimate months on hand in the direct customer distribution channel for non-u.s. business for the year ended december 31, 2018 is not available prior to the filing of this 2018 form 10-k. we will disclose any product with levels of inventory in excess of one month on hand or expected demand, subject to a de minimis exception, in the next quarterly report on form 10-q.
% change dollar in millions                      2018                2017                2016                     2018 vs. 2017         2017 vs. 2016
cost of products sold                          $6,547              $6,094              $4,969               7        %           23        %
marketing, selling and administrative           4,551               4,751               4,979              (4       )%           (5       )%
research and development                        6,345               6,482               5,012              (2       )%           29        %
cost of products sold cost of products sold include material, internal labor and overhead costs from our owned manufacturing sites, third-party product supply costs and other supply chain costs managed by our global manufacturing and supply organization. cost of products sold also includes royalties and profit sharing, certain excise taxes, foreign currency hedge settlement gains and losses and the amortization of acquired developed technology costs. cost of products sold typically vary between periods as a result of product mix and volume (particularly royalties and profit sharing), and to a lesser extent changes in foreign currency, price, inflation and costs attributed to manufacturing site exits.
   cost of products sold increased in 2018 due to higher royalties and profit sharing of $905 million resulting primarily from higher eliquis sales partially offset by product cost improvements, a $146 million impairment charge in 2017 to reduce the carrying value of the small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturing operations in swords, ireland, and lower inventory charges.
   cost of products sold increased in 2017 due to higher royalties and profit sharing of $753 million resulting primarily from higher eliquis sales and a $146 million impairment charge as discussed above. the remaining increase was primarily due to higher sales volume, inventory charges, manufacturing startup costs and foreign currency.
marketing, selling and administrative marketing, selling and administrative expenses primarily include salary and benefit costs, third-party professional and marketing fees, outsourcing fees, shipping and handling costs, advertising and product promotion. expenses are managed through regional commercialization organizations or global enabling functions such as finance, legal, information technology and human resources. certain expenses are shared with alliance partners based upon contractual agreements. expenses typically vary between periods due to new product launch promotional activities.
   marketing, selling and administrative expenses decreased in 2018 due to lower advertising, promotion and marketing expenses, lower costs attributed to transformation initiatives and lower branded prescription drug fee, partially offset by higher bms foundation grants.
   marketing, selling and administrative expenses decreased in 2017 due to lower advertising, promotion and sales-force expenses supporting daklinza and other established brands and lower bms foundation grants.
research and development research and development activities include discovery research, preclinical and clinical development, drug formulation and medical support of marketed products. expenses include salary and benefit costs, third-party grants and fees paid to clinical research organizations, supplies, upfront and contingent milestone payments for licensing and asset acquisitions of investigational compounds, iprd impairment charges and proportionate allocations of enterprise-wide costs. the allocations include facilities, information technology, employee stock compensation costs and other appropriate costs. certain expenses are shared with alliance partners based upon contractual agreements. expenses typically vary between periods for a number of reasons, including the timing of license and asset acquisition charges and iprd impairment charges.
   research and development expense decreased in 2018 due to lower site exit costs and iprd impairment charges, partially offset by expansion of opdivo and other io development programs, including nktr-214.
   research and development expense increased in 2017 due to higher license and asset acquisition charges, site exit charges, iprd impairment charges and expansion of opdivo and other io development programs.
iprd impairments                               -                                75                      13
research and development significant charges   $1,214                       $1,588                    $535
   license and asset acquisition charges resulted from strategic transactions to acquire or license certain investigational oncology, cardiovascular, immunoscience and fibrotic disease compounds (or options to acquire or license) as disclosed in "-acquisitions, divestitures, licensing and collaboration arrangements."
   iprd impairment charges includes the discontinued development of an investigational compound which was part of our alliance with f-star in 2017.
   site exit costs resulted from the expected exit of r&amp;d sites in the u.s. through 2020 primarily due to the reduction in the estimated useful lives of the related assets and an impairment charge in 2017 to reduce the carrying value of an r&amp;d facility in wallingford, connecticut.
   other income (net) decreased in 2018 primarily due to losses on equity investments related to nektar and a patent infringement settlement in 2017 partially offset by lower restructuring and debt redemption charges.
   other income (net) increased in 2017 primarily due to a patent infringement settlement and out-licensing income partially offset by lower divestiture gains and related service fees and higher restructuring and debt redemption charges.
components of other income (net) were as follows:
equity in net income of affiliates             (93    )              (75    )              (77    )
transition and other service fees              (12    )              (37    )             (238    )
intangible asset impairment                     64                     -                    15
   loss/(gain) on equity investments includes a fair value adjustment of $534 million related to the company's equity investment in nektar in 2018.
   restructuring charges relate to changes to the company's operating model to drive continued success in the near- and long-term through a more focused investment in commercial opportunities for key brands and markets, a competitive and more agile r&amp;d organization that can accelerate the pipeline, streamline operations and realign manufacturing capabilities that broaden biologics capabilities to reflect the current and future portfolio as well as streamline and simplify our small-molecule supply network. the new operating model is expected to enable the company to deliver the strategic, financial and operational flexibility necessary to invest in the highest priorities across the company. aggregate restructuring charges of $268 million and $826 million have been incurred in 2018 and 2017, respectively, for all actions including accelerated depreciation and impairment charges resulting from early site exits.
   litigation and other settlements include $481 million for bms's share of a patent-infringement settlement related to merck's pd-1 antibody keytruda* in 2017 and $70 million related to intellectual property and product liability settlements in 2018, including $42 million recognized subsequent to the company's earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2018.
   divestiture gains includes divestiture of multiple mature global product lines in oncology and infectious therapy in 2018, additional contingent consideration for the diabetes business in 2017 and certain otc brands and investigational hiv medicines businesses in 2016.
   royalties and licensing income includes keytruda* royalties in 2018 and 2017, upfront licensing fees from biogen and roche in connection with the out-licensing of certain investigational genetically defined disease compounds in 2017 and contingent consideration from the erbitux* and diabetes business divestitures in 2018, 2017 and 2016, including the transfer of certain royalty rights pertaining to diabetes product sales. a $50 million fee for amending a royalty rate and $25 million sales-based milestone was also included in 2018.
   transition and other service fees included fees resulting from the divestiture of the diabetes and investigational hiv medicines businesses in 2017 and 2016.
   pension and postretirement includes the interest cost, expected return on plan assets and amortization components of the net periodic benefit cost (credit) as well as net charges for settlements, curtailments and special termination benefits of $121 million in 2018, $162 million in 2017 and $92 million in 2016.
   intangible asset impairment includes $64 million in 2018 for an out-licensed asset obtained in the 2010 acquisition of zymogenetics, inc., which did not meet its primary endpoint in a phase ii clinical study.
   a debt redemption loss of $109 million resulted from the early redemption of certain long-term debt obligations in 2017.
impact of specified items              -                60.0   %             1.8   %
changes in the effective tax rate was primarily due to new u.s. tax reform legislation known as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the act) enacted on december 22, 2017. the act moved from a worldwide tax system to a quasi-territorial tax system and was comprised of broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code including, but not limited to, (1) reduced the u.s. tax rate from 35% to 21%; (2) added a deemed repatriation transition tax on certain foreign earnings and profits; (3) generally eliminated u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) included certain income of controlled foreign companies in u.s. taxable income (gilti); (5) created a new minimum tax referred to as a base erosion anti-abuse income tax; (6) limited certain research-based credits; and (7) eliminated the domestic manufacturing deduction.
although many aspects of the act were not effective until 2018, additional tax expense of $2.9 billion was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017 upon enactment of the act. the additional expense increased the effective tax rate by 56.7% and included a $2.6 billion one-time deemed repatriation transition tax on previously untaxed post-1986 foreign earnings and profits (including related tax reserves). those earnings were effectively taxed at a 15.5% rate to the extent that the specified foreign corporations held cash and certain other assets and an 8.0% rate on the remaining earnings and profits. the remaining $285 million of additional tax expense included an adjustment to measure net deferred tax assets at the new u.s. tax rate of 21%. the accounting for the reduction of deferred tax assets to the 21% tax rate was complete as of december 31, 2017. the provisional tax charge for the deemed repatriation transition tax was reduced by $56 million in 2018 upon completion of the accounting which reduced the effective tax rate by 0.9%.
in addition, the tax impact attributed to specified items, including non-deductible r&d charges, valuation allowances for certain tax assets resulting from equity investment losses and other jurisdiction tax rates increased the effective tax rate by 0.9% in 2018, 3.3% in 2017 and 1.8% in 2016.
after considering the impact of specified items including the transitional impacts of the act discussed above, the effective tax rate decreased by 3.9% in 2018 primarily due to the on-going impact of the act and tax reserve releases partially offset by taxes attributed to internal cash repatriations and earnings mix between high and low tax jurisdictions. after considering the impact of specified items, the effective tax rate decreased by 1.0% in 2017 primarily due to the adoption of amended income tax accounting guidance related to share-based payments and the early adoption of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory partially offset by earnings mix between high and low tax jurisdictions. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 7. income taxes" for further information.
non-gaap financial measures our non-gaap financial measures, including non-gaap earnings and related eps information, are adjusted to exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items that are evaluated on an individual basis. these items are adjusted after considering their quantitative and qualitative aspects and typically have one or more of the following characteristics, such as being highly variable, difficult to project, unusual in nature, significant to the results of a particular period or not indicative of future operating results. similar charges or gains were recognized in prior periods and will likely reoccur in future periods including restructuring costs, accelerated depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, r&d charges in connection with the acquisition or licensing of third-party intellectual property rights, divestiture gains or losses, pension, legal and other contractual settlement charges and debt redemption gains or losses, among other items. deferred and current income taxes attributed to these items are also adjusted for considering their individual impact to the overall tax expense, deductibility and jurisdictional tax rates.
non-gaap information is intended to portray the results of our baseline performance, supplement or enhance management, analysts and investors' overall understanding of our underlying financial performance and facilitate comparisons among current, past and future periods. for example, non-gaap earnings and eps information is an indication of our baseline performance before items that are considered by us to not be reflective of our ongoing results. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators we use as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and forecasting for future periods. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net earnings or diluted eps prepared in accordance with gaap.
impairment charges                                                             $17                  $146                  $-
cost of products sold                                                           58                   149                  21
marketing, selling and administrative                                            2                     1                   -
iprd impairments                                                                 -                    75                  13
research and development                                                     1,214                 1,588                 535
intangible asset impairment                                                     64                     -                  15
(a)   specified items included these amounts upon adoption of amended guidance for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities in 2018.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources our net cash position was as follows:
marketable securities - current                                  1,973               1,391
marketable securities - non-current                              1,775               2,480
total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities          10,659               9,292
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held in the u.s. were approximately $9.3 billion at december 31, 2018. most of the remaining $1.4 billion is held primarily in our international affiliates for local operating needs. we are subject to a one-time deemed repatriation transition tax in which $2.1 billion will be payable over the next eight years as a result of u.s. tax reform. we expect to have more flexibility in accessing cash and future cash that may be generated in foreign subsidiaries. we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities together with cash generated from operations and issuance of commercial paper in the u.s. will be sufficient to satisfy our normal cash requirements for at least the next few years, including dividends, capital expenditures, milestone payments, working capital, deemed repatriation transition tax and $1.3 billion of debt maturing in 2019.
management continuously evaluates the company's capital structure to ensure the company is financed efficiently, which may result in the repurchase of common stock and debt securities, termination of interest rate swap contracts prior to maturity and issuance of debt securities. the average amount of commercial paper outstanding was $19 million at a weighted-average rate of 1.27% during 2018. the maximum amount of commercial paper outstanding was $300 million with no outstanding borrowings at december 31, 2018.
dividend payments were $2.6 billion in 2018 and 2017 and $2.5 billion in 2016. dividend decisions are made on a quarterly basis by our board of directors. annual capital expenditures were approximately $1.0 billion in 2018, $1.1 billion in 2017 and $1.2 billion in 2016 and are expected to be approximately $800 million in 2019 and $600 million in 2020. we continue to expand our biologics manufacturing capabilities and other facility-related activities. for example, we constructed a new large-scale biologics manufacturing facility in ireland that will produce multiple therapies for our growing biologics portfolio when approved for commercial use in early 2020. we also paid $1.85 billion to nektar in 2018 for certain collaboration rights and 8.3 million shares of its common stock representing a 4.8% ownership interest.
our investment portfolio includes non-current marketable securities, which are subject to changes in fair value as a result of interest rate fluctuations and other market factors. our investment policy establishes limits on the amount and time to maturity of investments with any institution. the policy also requires that investments are only entered into with corporate and financial institutions that meet high credit quality standards. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 9. financial instruments and fair value measurements" for further information.
as of december 31, 2018, we had three revolving credit facilities totaling $5.0 billion, which consisted of a 364-day $2.0 billion facility that was scheduled to expire in march 2019 and two five-year $1.5 billion facilities that were extended to september 2022 and july 2023, respectively. all of these facilities provide for customary terms and conditions with no financial covenants and our two $1.5 billion revolving facilities are extendable annually by one year on the anniversary date with the consent of the lenders. no borrowings were outstanding under any of these revolving facilities as of december 31, 2018 or 2017.
in connection with our pending acquisition of celgene, in january 2019 we entered into a bridge commitment letter that provides for up to $33.5 billion in a 364-day senior unsecured bridge loan facility. we also entered into an $8 billion term loan credit agreement consisting of a $1 billion 364-day tranche, a $4 billion three-year tranche and a $3 billion five-year tranche. the term loan reduced the commitments under the bridge facility to $25.5 billion. if we obtain additional funding by issuing securities or obtaining other loans, the amount of the bridge facility will be correspondingly reduced. the bridge loan and the term loan are subject to customary terms and conditions and do not have any financial covenants. no amounts will be borrowed under either the bridge loan or the term loan prior to the closing of the pending acquisition of celgene.
in january 2019, we also entered into two new revolving credit facilities totaling $3.0 billion: a 364-day $2.0 billion facility expiring in january 2020 and a three-year $1.0 billion facility expiring in january 2022. the 364-day $2.0 billion facility replaced our existing 364-day $2.0 billion revolving facility, which was terminated concurrently upon the effectiveness of the new 364-day facility, and supports our commercial paper borrowings, if any. each of these facilities provide for customary terms and conditions with no financial covenants.
no borrowings were outstanding under these two revolving facilities or on our two $1.5 billion revolving facilities as of february 25, 2019.
following the announcement of our pending acquisition of celgene, we also entered into forward starting interest rate swap option contracts (swaptions), with a total notional value of $7.6 billion, to hedge future interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of long-term debt to fund the acquisition. the swaptions provide us with the right to enter into forward starting interest rate swap contracts for periods of 10 and 30 years through january 2020.
additional regulations in the u.s. could be passed in the future including additional healthcare reform initiatives, further changes to tax laws, additional pricing laws and potential importation restrictions which may reduce our results of operations, operating cash flow, liquidity and financial flexibility. we continue to monitor the potential impact of the economic conditions in certain european and other countries and the related impact on prescription trends, pricing discounts and creditworthiness of our customers. we believe these economic conditions will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow or financial flexibility.
the uk voted to depart from the eu during june 2016. similar to other companies in our industry, certain regulatory, trade, labor and other aspects of our business will likely be affected over time. however, we currently do not believe that these matters and other related financial effects will have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. our sales in the uk represent less than 3% of our consolidated revenues.
credit ratings in january 2019, moody's placed bms under review for downgrade and standard & poor's placed bms on creditwatch with negative implications, each following the announcement to acquire celgene. bms's current long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned by moody's investors service are a2 and prime-1, respectively, and bms's current long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned by standard & poor's are a+ and a-1+, respectively. the long-term ratings reflect the agencies' opinion that we have a low default risk but are somewhat susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions. the short-term ratings reflect the agencies' opinion that we have good to extremely strong capacity for timely repayment. any credit rating downgrade may affect the interest rate of any debt we may incur, the fair market value of existing debt and our ability to access the capital markets generally. the current long-term and short-term ratings do not reflect any impact from the proposed acquisition of celgene.
cash flows the following is a discussion of cash flow activities:
operating activities                      $5,940              $5,275              $3,058
operating activities cash flow from operating activities represents the cash receipts and disbursements from all of our activities other than investing and financing activities. operating cash flow is derived by adjusting net earnings for noncontrolling interest, non-cash operating items, gains and losses attributed to investing and financing activities and changes in operating assets and liabilities resulting from timing differences between the receipts and payments of cash and when the transactions are recognized in our results of operations. as a result, changes in cash from operating activities reflect the timing of cash collections from customers and alliance partners; payments to suppliers, alliance partners and employees; customer discounts and rebates; and tax payments in the ordinary course of business. for example, annual employee bonuses are typically paid in the first quarter of the subsequent year. in addition, cash collections continue to be impacted by longer payment terms for certain biologic products in the u.s., primarily our newer oncology products including opdivo, yervoy and empliciti (90 days to 120 days). the longer payment terms are used to more closely align with the insurance reimbursement timing for physicians and cancer centers following administration to the patients.
the $700 million change in cash flow from operating activities compared to 2017 was primarily attributable to:
   higher cash collections and timing of payments in the ordinary course of business of approximately $2.2 billion.
partially offset by:
   higher r&amp;d licensing and collaboration payments of approximately $600 million primarily due to the nektar transaction in 2018;
   lower litigation settlement proceeds of approximately $500 million primarily due to the merck settlement in 2017; and
   lower out-license proceeds of approximately $400 million primarily due to the biogen and roche transactions in 2017.
the $2.2 billion change in cash flow from operating activities compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to:
   higher cash collections and timing of payments in the ordinary course of business of approximately $400 million;
   lower income tax payments of approximately $1.5 billion;
   litigation settlement proceeds of approximately $500 million primarily due to the merck settlement; and
   out-licensing proceeds of $500 million primarily due to the biogen and roche transactions.
partially offset by:
   higher r&amp;d licensing payments of approximately $400 million primarily due to the cytomx, halozyme and nitto denko transactions; and
   higher contributions to pension plans of approximately $300 million.
investing activities cash requirements from investing activities include cash used for acquisitions, manufacturing and facility-related capital expenditures and purchases of marketable securities with original maturities greater than 90 days at the time of purchase reduced by proceeds from business divestitures (including royalties) and the sale and maturity of marketable securities.
the $800 million change in cash flow from investing activities compared to 2017 was primarily attributable to:
   lower net sales and maturities of marketable securities with maturities greater than 90 days of approximately $900 million; and
   higher net acquisition and other payments of approximately $500 million primarily due to the purchase of 8.3 million shares of nektar common stock in 2018.
partially offset by:
   higher business divestiture proceeds of approximately $500 million primarily due to the divestiture of manufacturing operations in swords, ireland and certain mature brands.
the $1.5 billion change in cash flow from investing activities compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to:
   lower net sales of marketable securities with maturities greater than 90 days of approximately $700 million;
   lower business divestiture proceeds of approximately $600 million primarily due to certain otc brands and investigational hiv medicines businesses in 2016; and
   higher asset acquisition payments of approximately $300 million primarily due to the acquisition of ifm in 2017.
financing activities cash requirements from financing activities include cash used to pay dividends, repurchase common stock and repay long-term debt and other borrowings reduced by proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuance of long-term debt and other borrowings.
the $500 million change in cash flow from financing activities compared to 2017 was primarily attributable to:
   lower repurchases of common stock of $2.1 billion primarily due to the accelerated share repurchase agreements in 2017.
partially offset by:
   lower net borrowings of $1.5 billion primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt used to repurchase common stock in 2017.
the $1.4 billion change in cash flow from financing activities compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to:
   higher repurchase of common stock of $2.2 billion primarily due to the accelerated share repurchase agreements.
partially offset by:
   higher net borrowing activity of $900 million primarily to fund the repurchase of common stock.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements payments due by period for our contractual obligations at december 31, 2018 were as follows:
operating leases                               663                 122                92                77                  69                  61                 242
(a)   includes estimated future interest payments and periodic cash settlements of derivatives.
(b)   includes only short-term uncertain tax benefits because of uncertainties regarding the timing of resolution.
(c)   excludes pension and other liabilities because of uncertainties regarding the timing of resolution.
in addition to the above, we are committed to an aggregated $14.0 billion of potential future research and development milestone payments to third parties for in-licensing, asset acquisitions and development programs including early-stage milestones of $5.5 billion (milestones achieved through phase iii clinical studies) and late-stage milestones of $8.5 billion (milestones achieved post phase iii clinical studies). payments generally are due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental and regulatory milestones for which the specific timing cannot be predicted. some of these agreements also provide for sales-based milestones aggregating $4.4 billion that we would be obligated to pay to alliance partners upon achievement of certain sales levels in addition to royalties. we also have certain manufacturing, development and commercialization obligations in connection with alliance arrangements. it is not practicable to estimate the amount of these obligations. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 3. alliances" for further information regarding our alliances. we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are material or reasonably likely to become material to our financial condition or results of operations.
sec consent order / fcpa settlement as previously disclosed, on august 4, 2004, we entered into a final settlement with the sec, concluding an investigation concerning certain wholesaler inventory and accounting matters. the settlement was reached through a consent, a copy of which was attached as exhibit 10 to our quarterly report on form 10-q for the period ended september 30, 2004.
under the terms of the consent, we agreed, subject to certain defined exceptions, to limit sales of all products sold to our direct customers (including wholesalers, distributors, hospitals, retail outlets, pharmacies and government purchasers) based on expected demand or on amounts that do not exceed approximately one month of inventory on hand, without making a timely public disclosure of any change in practice. we also agreed in the consent to certain measures that we have implemented including: (a) establishing a formal review and certification process of our annual and quarterly reports filed with the sec; (b) establishing a business risk and disclosure group; (c) retaining an outside consultant to comprehensively study and help re-engineer our accounting and financial reporting processes; (d) publicly disclosing any sales incentives offered to direct customers for the purpose of inducing them to purchase products in excess of expected demand; and (e) ensuring that our budget process gives appropriate weight to inputs that come from the bottom to the top, and not just from the top to the bottom, and adequately documenting that process.
we have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the consent. this policy includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent. these procedures include a governance process to escalate to appropriate management levels potential questions or concerns regarding compliance with the policy and timely resolution of such questions or concerns. in addition, compliance with the policy is monitored on a regular basis.
we maintain dsas with our u.s. pharmaceutical wholesalers, which account for nearly 100% of our gross u.s. revenues. under the current terms of the dsas, our wholesaler customers provide us with weekly information with respect to months on hand product-level inventories and the amount of out-movement of products. the three largest wholesalers currently account for approximately 97% of our gross u.s. revenues. the inventory information received from our wholesalers, together with our internal information, is used to estimate months on hand product level inventories at these wholesalers. we estimate months on hand product inventory levels for our u.s. business's wholesaler customers other than the three largest wholesalers by extrapolating from the months on hand calculated for the three largest wholesalers. in contrast, our non-u.s. business has significantly more direct customers, limited information on direct customer product level inventory and corresponding out-movement information and the reliability of third-party demand information, where available, varies widely. accordingly, we rely on a variety of methods to estimate months on hand product level inventories for these business units.
recently issued accounting standards for recently issued accounting standards, refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 1. accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards."
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. our critical accounting policies are those that significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. because of this uncertainty, actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition our accounting policy for revenue recognition has a substantial impact on reported results and relies on certain estimates. revenue is recognized following a five-step model: (1) identify the customer contract; (2) identify the contract's performance obligation; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation; and (5) recognize revenue when or as a performance obligation is satisfied. revenue is also reduced for gtn sales adjustments discussed below, all of which involve significant estimates and judgment after considering legal interpretations of applicable laws and regulations, historical experience, payer channel mix (e.g. medicare or medicaid), current contract prices under applicable programs, unbilled claims and processing time lags and inventory levels in the distribution channel. estimates are assessed each period and adjusted as required to revise information or actual experience.
gtn adjustments the following categories of gtn adjustments involve significant estimates, judgments and information obtained from external sources. refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 2. revenue." for further discussion and analysis of each significant category of gtn sales adjustments.
charge-backs and cash discounts our u.s. business participates in programs with government entities, the most significant of which are the u.s. department of defense and the u.s. department of veterans affairs, and other parties, including covered entities under the 340b drug pricing program, whereby pricing on products is extended below wholesaler list price to participating entities. these entities purchase products through wholesalers at the lower program price and the wholesalers then charge us the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower program price. accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of unprocessed charge-back claims attributable to a sale (typically within a two to four week time lag).
in the u.s. and certain other countries, cash discounts are offered as an incentive for prompt payment, generally approximating 2% of the sales price. accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of unprocessed cash discounts (typically within a one month time lag).
medicaid and medicare rebates our u.s. business participates in state government medicaid programs and other qualifying federal and state government programs requiring discounts and rebates to participating state and local government entities. all discounts and rebates provided through these programs are included in our medicaid rebate accrual. medicaid rebates have also been extended to drugs used in managed medicaid plans. the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates is presented as a liability.
rebates and discounts are offered to managed healthcare organizations in the u.s. managing prescription drug programs and medicare advantage prescription drug plans covering the medicare part d drug benefit. we also pay a 50% point of service discount to the cms when the medicare part d beneficiaries are in the coverage gap ("donut hole"). the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates and discounts is presented as a liability.
other rebates, returns, discounts and adjustments other gtn sales adjustments include sales returns and all other programs based on applicable laws and regulations for individual non-u.s. countries as well as rebates offered to managed healthcare organizations in the u.s. to a lesser extent. the non-u.s. programs include several different pricing schemes such as cost caps, volume discounts, outcome-based pricing schemes and pricing claw-backs that are based on sales of individual companies or an aggregation of all companies participating in a specific market. the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates and discounts is presented as a liability.
estimated returns for established products are determined after considering historical experience and other factors including levels of inventory in the distribution channel, estimated shelf life, product recalls, product discontinuances, price changes of competitive products, introductions of generic products, introductions of competitive new products and lower demand following the loe. estimated returns for new products are determined after considering historical sales return experience of similar products, such as those within the same product line, similar therapeutic area and/or similar distribution model and estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel and projected demand. the estimated amount for product returns is presented as a liability.
use of information from external sources information from external sources is used to estimate gtn adjustments. our estimate of inventory at the wholesalers are based on the projected prescription demand-based sales for our products and historical inventory experience, as well as our analysis of third-party information, including written and oral information obtained from certain wholesalers with respect to their inventory levels and sell-through to customers and third-party market research data, and our internal information. the inventory information received from wholesalers is a product of their recordkeeping process and excludes inventory held by intermediaries to whom they sell, such as retailers and hospitals.
we have also continued the practice of combining retail and mail prescription volume on a retail-equivalent basis. we use this methodology for internal demand forecasts. we also use information from external sources to identify prescription trends, patient demand and average selling prices. our estimates are subject to inherent limitations of estimates that rely on third-party information, as certain third-party information was itself in the form of estimates, and reflect other limitations including lags between the date as of which third-party information is generated and the date on which we receive third-party information.
pension benefits accounting for pension and postretirement benefit plans requires actuarial valuations based on significant assumptions for discount rates and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. in consultation with our actuaries, these significant assumptions and others such as salary growth, retirement, turnover, lump sum election rates, healthcare trends and mortality rates are evaluated and selected based on expectations or actual experience during each remeasurement date. pension expense could vary within a range of outcomes and have a material effect on reported earnings, projected benefit obligations and future cash funding. actual results in any given year may differ from those estimated because of economic and other factors.
the yield on high quality corporate bonds that coincides with the cash flows of the plans' estimated payouts is used in determining the discount rate. the citi pension discount curve is used for the u.s. plans. the present value of benefit obligations at december 31, 2018 for the u.s. pension plans was determined using a 4.1% discount rate. if the assumed discount rate used in determining the u.s. pension plans' projected benefit obligation at december 31, 2018 was reduced by an additional 1%, the projected benefit obligation would increase by approximately $500 million.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is estimated considering expected returns for individual asset classes with input from external advisors. we also consider long-term historical returns including actual performance compared to benchmarks for similar investments. the bristol-myers squibb retirement income plan's pension expense for 2018 was determined using an average 6.6% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. other u.s. plans' pension expense was determined using a 7.8% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. if the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining the u.s. plans' pension expense for 2018 was reduced by 1%, such expense would increase by $42 million.
for a more detailed discussion on retirement benefits, refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 16. retirement benefits."
long-lived assets other intangible assets other intangible assets were $1.1 billion at december 31, 2018, including licenses ($192 million of which $84 million is allocated to unapproved products), developed technology rights ($501 million), capitalized software ($366 million) and iprd ($32 million). intangible assets are assessed for impairment whenever current facts or circumstances warrant a review, although iprd is assessed at least annually. intangible assets are highly vulnerable to impairment charges, particularly newly acquired assets for recently launched products or iprd. these assets are initially measured at fair value and therefore any reduction in expectations used in the valuations could potentially lead to impairment. some of the more common potential risks leading to impairment include competition, earlier than expected loe, pricing pressures, adverse regulatory changes or clinical study results, delay or failure to obtain regulatory approval and additional development costs, inability to achieve expected synergies, higher operating costs, changes in tax laws and other macro-economic changes. the complexity in estimating the fair value of intangible assets in connection with an impairment test is similar to the initial valuation.
property, plant and equipment property, plant and equipment is tested for impairment whenever current facts or circumstances require a review including whether it is more likely than not that the asset will be disposed of prior to its estimated remaining useful life. additionally, these long-lived assets are periodically reviewed to determine if any change in facts or circumstances would result in a change to the estimated useful life of the asset, possibly resulting in the acceleration of depreciation. if such circumstances exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows generated by the asset, or the appropriate grouping of assets, is compared to the carrying value to determine whether an impairment exists at its lowest level of identifiable cash flows. if an asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset's fair value and its carrying value. expectations of future cash flows are subject to change based upon the near and long-term production volumes and margins generated by the asset as well as any potential alternative future use. accelerated depreciation, impairment and other related charges for certain manufacturing and r&d facilities were $137 million in 2018, $533 million in 2017 and $104 million in 2016. additional charges will continue to occur as a result of the company's restructuring actions announced in 2016.
assets held-for-sale the following criteria is considered before concluding assets are classified as held-for-sale; (1) management's commitment to a plan to sell, (2) availability for immediate sale in its present condition, (3) initiation of an active program to identify a buyer, (4) probability of a completed sale within one year, (5) actively marketed for sale at a reasonable price in relation to its current fair value, and (6) likelihood of significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. if all of the criteria is met as of the balance sheet date, the assets and liabilities are presented separately in the balance sheet as held-for-sale at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell and are no longer depreciated or amortized while classified as held-for-sale. we have classified $479 million of assets and $152 million of liabilities as held-for-sale at december 31, 2018 which are related to the planned sale of the upsa consumer health business, a division of bms which manufactures and markets pain treatment and other otc products for domestic sale in france and export sales outside of france.
income taxes valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. the assessment of whether or not a valuation allowance is required often requires significant judgment including long-range forecasts of future taxable income and evaluation of tax planning initiatives. adjustments to the deferred tax valuation allowances are made to earnings in the period when such assessments are made. our deferred tax assets were $2.1 billion at december 31, 2018 (net of valuation allowances of $3.2 billion) and $2.3 billion at december 31, 2017 (net of valuation allowances of $2.8 billion).
the u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards were $206 million at december 31, 2018. these carryforwards were acquired as a result of certain acquisitions and are subject to limitations under section 382 of the internal revenue code. the net operating loss carryforwards expire in varying amounts beginning in 2022. the foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards expired in varying amounts beginning in 2018 (certain amounts have unlimited lives).
as discussed more fully in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 7. income taxes", a provisional tax charge of $2.6 billion attributable to the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax on certain foreign earnings was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017. the accounting for the reduction of deferred tax assets to the 21% tax rate was complete as of december 31, 2017, and the tax charge for the deemed repatriation transition tax is complete as of december 31, 2018. the provisional tax charge for the deemed repatriation transition tax was reduced by $56 million in 2018.
prior to the mead johnson split-off in 2009, the following transactions occurred: (i) an internal spin-off of mead johnson shares while still owned by us; (ii) conversion of mead johnson class b shares to class a shares; and (iii) conversion of mead johnson & company to a limited liability company. these transactions as well as the split-off of mead johnson through the exchange offer should qualify as tax-exempt transactions under the internal revenue code based upon a private letter ruling received from the internal revenue service related to the conversion of mead johnson class b shares to class a shares, and outside legal opinions.
certain assumptions, representations and covenants by mead johnson were relied upon regarding the future conduct of its business and other matters which could affect the tax treatment of the exchange. for example, the current tax law generally creates a presumption that the exchange would be taxable to us, if mead johnson or its shareholders were to engage in transactions that result in a 50% or greater change in its stock ownership during a four year period beginning two years before the exchange offer, unless it is established that the exchange offer were not part of a plan or series of related transactions to effect such a change in ownership. if the internal spin-off or exchange offer were determined not to qualify as a tax exempt transaction, the transaction could be subject to tax as if the exchange was a taxable sale by us at market value.
in addition, a negative basis or excess loss account (ela) existed in our investment in stock of mead johnson prior to these transactions. we received an opinion from outside legal counsel to the effect that it is more likely than not that we eliminated the ela as part of these transactions and do not have taxable income with respect to the ela. the tax law in this area is complex and it is possible that even if the internal spin-off and the exchange offer is tax exempt under the internal revenue code, the irs could assert that we have additional taxable income for the period with respect to the ela. we could be exposed to additional taxes if this were to occur. based upon our understanding of the internal revenue code and opinion from outside legal counsel, a tax reserve of $244 million was established reducing the gain on disposal of mead johnson included in discontinued operations in 2009.
we agreed to certain tax related indemnities with mead johnson as set forth in the tax sharing agreement, including certain taxes related to its business prior to the completion of the ipo and created as part of the restructuring to facilitate the ipo. mead johnson has also agreed to indemnify us for potential tax effects resulting from the breach of certain representations discussed above as well as certain transactions related to the acquisition of mead johnson's stock or assets.
liabilities are established for possible assessments by tax authorities resulting from known tax exposures including, but not limited to, transfer pricing matters, tax credits and deductibility of certain expenses. such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid and may need to be adjusted over time as more information becomes known.
for discussions on income taxes, refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 1. accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards-income taxes" and "-note 7. income taxes."
contingencies in the normal course of business, we are subject to contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, government investigations, shareholder lawsuits, product and environmental liability, contractual claims and tax matters. we recognize accruals for such contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. these estimates are subject to uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, as such, actual results could vary from these estimates.
for discussions on contingencies, refer to "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-note 1. accounting policies and recently issued accounting standards-contingencies," "-note 7. income taxes" and "-note 18. legal proceedings and contingencies."
product and pipeline developments our r&d programs are managed on a portfolio basis from early discovery through late-stage development and include a balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. our late stage r&d programs in phase iii development include both investigational compounds for initial indications and additional indications or formulations for marketed products. spending on these programs represent approximately 35-45% of our annual r&d expenses in the last three years. opdivo was the only investigational compound or marketed product that represented greater than 10% of our r&d expenses in the last three years. our late-stage development programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years if regulatory approvals are obtained and products are successfully commercialized. the following are the developments in our marketed products and our late-stage pipeline:
product   indication   date   developments opdivo             melanoma                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       august 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     approval in japan for treatment of adjuvant melanoma.
july 2018          ec approval for the adjuvant treatment of adult patients with involvement of lymph nodes or metastatic disease who have undergone complete resection.
june 2018          announced results from the phase iii checkmate-238 trial evaluating opdivo versus yervoy in patients with stage iiib/c or stage iv melanoma who are at high risk of recurrence following complete surgical resection demonstrated statistically longer recurrence-free survival for opdivo, the primary endpoint of the study, versus yervoy at a minimum follow-up of 24 months across key subgroups, including disease stages and braf mutation status.
multiple myeloma   june/august 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               announced in june 2018 that the fda lifted a partial clinical hold placed on checkmate-602, a randomized, open-label phase iii study evaluating the addition of opdivo to pomalidomide and dexamethasone in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. the decision follows consultation with the fda and agreement on amendments to the study protocol. in august 2018, the company discontinued further enrollment of this study following a futility analysis.
nsclc              june 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      approval in china for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic nsclc after prior platinum-based chemotherapy in adult patients without egfr or alk genomic tumor aberrations.
april 2018         announced that the pivotal, randomized phase iii checkmate-078 trial evaluating opdivo versus docetaxel in a predominantly chinese population with previously treated advanced nsclc demonstrated superior overall survival benefit in the primary endpoint regardless of pd-l1 expression or tumor histology.
scchn              january 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   acceptance in china of sbla filing for patients who had previously been treated for metastatic or recurrent scchn.
april 2018         announced two-year overall survival data from checkmate-141, a phase iii study, evaluating opdivo compared with investigator's choice chemotherapy (cetuximab, docetaxel or methotrexate) in patients with recurrent or metastatic scchn after failure on platinum-based therapy.
sclc               october 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   announced topline results from the phase iii checkmate-331 study did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival with opdivo versus chemotherapy in patients with previously treated relapsed sclc.
august 2018        fda approval as the first and only io treatment option for patients with metastatic sclc whose cancer has progressed after platinum-based chemotherapy and at least one other line of therapy.
august 2018        approval in japan of an every 2 week/30 minute infusion dose and administration schedule for opdivo in six indications.
june 2018          announced preliminary data from the ongoing pivot phase i/ii study, which is evaluating the combination of opdivo with nektar's investigational medicine, nktr-214. the preliminary results presented at the 2018 american society of clinical oncology reported safety, efficacy and biomarker data for patients enrolled in the phase i dose-escalation stage of the study and for the first patients consecutively enrolled in select dose expansion cohorts in phase ii.
april 2018         ec approval of an every four-week (q4w) opdivo dosing schedule of 480 mg infused over 60 minutes as an option for patients with advanced melanoma and previously treated rcc as well as the approval of a two-week opdivo dosing option of 240 mg infused over 30 minutes to replace weight-based dosing for all six approved monotherapy indications in the eu.
march 2018         fda approval of the company's sbla to update opdivo dosing to include 480 mg infused every four weeks for a majority of approved indications as well as a shorter 30 minute infusion across all approved indications.
product   indication   date   developments opdivo+yervoy   crc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              october 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               announced new data from a cohort of the checkmate-142 study in which opdivo plus low-dose yervoy demonstrated durable clinical benefit as a first-line treatment in patients with msi-h or dmmr mcrc.
july 2018       fda approval of opdivo plus low-dose yervoy for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years and older with msi-h or dmmr mcrc that has progressed following treatment with a fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin and irinotecan.
mcrpc           february 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    announced results from an interim analysis of the phase ii checkmate-650 trial evaluating opdivo+yervoy in patients with mcrpc showed that among 32 asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic patients whose disease had progressed after second-generation hormone therapy and who had not received chemotherapy (cohort 1), with a median follow-up of 11.9 months, the objective response rate was 25%. additionally, among 30 patients whose disease progressed after taxane-based chemotherapy (cohort 2), with a median follow-up of 13.5 months, the objective response rate was 10%.
melanoma        october 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     announced four-year data from the phase iii checkmate-067 clinical trial which continues to demonstrate durable, long-term survival benefits with the first-line combination of opdivo+yervoy, versus yervoy alone, in patients with advanced melanoma.
may 2018        approval in japan of opdivo+yervoy combination for chemotherapy-naive patients with unresectable melanoma.
muc             october 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     announced follow-up data evaluating opdivo monotherapy and opdivo in combination with yervoy in patients with platinum-pretreated muc. results from the phase i/ii checkmate-032 trial showed that patients who received the combination of opdivo1 mg/kg plus yervoy 3 mg/kg experienced a higher objective response rate compared to those who received opdivo 3 mg/kg plus yervoy 1 mg/kg or opdivo alone.
nsclc           january 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     announced voluntary withdrawal of the company's sbla for the opdivo plus low-dose yervoy for treatment of first-line advanced nsclc in patients with tmb greater than or equal to 10 mutations per megabase as data from checkmate-227, part 1a, will not be available within the pdufa goal date of may 20, 2019.
october 2018    announced updates regarding regulatory actions by the chmp in the eu for the ongoing review of its applications for an indication in metastatic first-line nsclc with opdivo plus low-dose yervoy in patients with tmb greater than or equal to 10 mutations per megabase. the chmp requested additional information from checkmate-227, including an overall survival analysis of opdivo+yervoy in patients who have tmb less than 10 mutations per megabase.
june 2018       announced results from a part of the phase iii checkmate-227 trial that evaluated opdivo plus low-dose yervoy and opdivo plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy in patients with first-line nsclc with pd-l1 expression &lt;1%, across squamous and non-squamous tumor histologies extended progression-free survival.
rcc             february 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    announced new results from the phase iii checkmate-214 study, showing that therapy with opdivo plus low-dose yervoy continued to demonstrate long-term survival benefits in patients with previously untreated advanced or metastatic rcc.
january 2019    announced the ec approval of opdivo plus low-dose yervoy for previously untreated patients with intermediate and poor-risk advanced rcc.
august 2018     approval in japan of opdivo plus low-dose yervoy for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic rcc.
june 2018       announced patient-reported outcomes data from the phase iii checkmate-214 trial in intermediate- and poor-risk patients with advanced rcc treated with opdivo plus low-dose yervoy versus sunitinib over a two-year follow-up period reported significant and sustained health-related quality of life improvements.
april 2018      fda approval of opdivo+yervoy combination for previously untreated patients with intermediate and poor-risk advanced rcc.
sclc            november 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    announced patient-reported outcomes from the phase iii checkmate-451 study did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival with opdivo+yervoy versus placebo as a maintenance therapy in patients with extensive-stage sclc after completion of first-line platinum-based chemotherapy.
eliquis   nvaf   november 2018   announced findings from the largest real-world data analysis of nvaf patient populations aged 80 and older receiving direct oral anticoagulants showing that eliquis is associated with lower rates of stroke or systemic embolism and major bleeding than rivaroxaban or dabigatran.
product   indication   date   developments orencia   jia   january 2019   received a positive chmp opinion for polyarticular jia via subcutaneous injection in pediatric patients down to two years of age.
empliciti        rrmm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     november 2018   fda approval of empliciti injection for intravenous use in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies, including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor.
september 2018   announced the ema has validated the company's type ii variation application for empliciti in combination with pomalidomide and low-dose dexamethasone for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies, including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor (pi), and have demonstrated disease progression on the last therapy.
sprycel         all                                                                                                                                                                                                            february 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                              announced ec approval of sprycel, in both tablet and powder for oral suspension formulations, in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of pediatric patients with newly diagnosed philadelphia chromosome-positive all.
december 2018   fda expanded the indication for sprycel to include the treatment of pediatric patients one year of age and older with newly diagnosed philadelphia chromosome-positive all in combination with chemotherapy.
cml             july 2018                                                                                                                                                                                                      ec expanded the indication for sprycel to include the treatment of children and adolescents aged 1 year to 18 years with chronic phase philadelphia chromosome positive cml and to include a powder for oral suspension.
yervoy   melanoma   january 2018   ec approval of advanced (unresectable or metastatic) melanoma in pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.
tyk2 inhibitor   psoriasis   september 2018   announced results from a phase ii study of bms-986165, an oral, selective tyk2 inhibitor which delivered significant skin clearance in patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this 2018 form 10-k (including documents incorporated by reference) and other written and oral statements we make from time to time contain certain "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the exchange act. you can identify these forward-looking statements by the fact they use words such as "should," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "target," "may," "project," "guidance," "intend," "plan," "believe," "will" and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. one can also identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. such forward-looking statements are based on historical performance and current expectations and projections about our future financial results, goals, plans and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them in the next several years, and could cause our future financial results, goals, plans and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. these statements are likely to relate to, among other things, our goals, plans and objectives regarding our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, market position, product development, product approvals, sales efforts, expenses, performance or results of current and anticipated products, our pending acquisition of celgene and the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and financial results. no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. we have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this 2018 form 10-k, particularly under "item 1a. risk factors," that we believe could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement.
although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions, no assurance can be given that any goal or plan set forth in forward-looking statements can be achieved and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date made. additional risks that we may currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to us could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this 2018 form 10-k not to occur. except as otherwise required by federal securities law, we undertake no obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise after the date of this 2018 form 10-k.