item 1a. risk factors item 1a. risk factors the company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. readers should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this form 10-k. these risks and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this document or made by the company elsewhere, such as in earnings release webcasts, investor conference presentations or press releases. the risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, there could be a material impact on the company.
investment and markets risk factors difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business.
the company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally, including in its two primary operating markets of the u.s. and japan. high rates of inflation globally from 2022 were reduced due to monetary tightening in many countries and normalization of certain trends after covid-19, including supply chain recovery and phasing out of extraordinary fiscal support. although economies have proved resilient in the face of interest rate increases, tighter financial conditions for a prolonged period may result in continued weakening of economic conditions. japan remains an exception to the major central bank tightening trend. armed conflicts in ukraine and the middle east, as well as political polarization in the u.s., exacerbate uncertainty. geopolitical events have contributed to volatility in energy and other commodity prices. the failure of several large u.s. banks and ubs's acquisition of credit suisse in early 2023 did not trigger a wider financial crisis at the time, but sustained high interest rates and economic decline could continue pressuring the financial health of other financial institutions. higher interest rates and softer economic conditions could impact the creditworthiness and value of the company's existing investment portfolio, influence opportunities for new investments and have a negative impact on the company's results of operations and financial positions.
the company's investments are vulnerable to adverse market developments such as asset price volatility, lack of market liquidity, credit rating downgrades, payment defaults, asset restructurings, increased losses, and other risks. the company has evaluated its holdings and identified investments in areas such as commercial real estate and highly leveraged companies as the most exposed to rising interest rates and an economic downturn. these investments are experiencing and may continue to experience higher credit losses, credit rating downgrades and/or defaults and a deterioration in the value of collateral in the case of secured investments. the company has examined in each case whether a reduction in size of the holding is appropriate. the company has identified assets impacted or expected to be impacted by rising interest rates and economic contraction, other investments not identified to date may also be impacted. the availability of new investments in certain private market asset classes has been and may continue to be limited. while interest rates have increased in the u.s. and other regions, interest rates in japan remain low, and the difference between u.s. and japan rates has increased. the company may need to adjust its investment strategy and/or be forced to liquidate investments to pay claims. in addition, the increase in the difference between interest rates in the u.s. and japan contributed to a weakening of the yen over 2023, which had the effect of suppressing the company's current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. the increase in the difference between u.s. dollar and yen interest rates also contributes to increasing costs of hedging currency risk of u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan. the company is not able to predict the ultimate impact of inflation, interest rate increases, interest rate differences and other changing market conditions on the company's investments and hedging programs. see the risk factor below entitled, "the company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity" for additional information. see the investments and results of operations by segment sections of item 7. md&a, for additional information.
as the company holds a significant amount of fixed maturity securities issued by borrowers located in many different parts of the world, its financial results are directly influenced by global financial markets. recent weakness in global capital markets could adversely affect the company's financial condition, including its capital position and overall profitability. market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades.
japan is the largest market for the company's insurance products, and the company owns substantial holdings in japan government bonds (jgbs). government actions to stimulate the economy affect the value of the company's existing item 1a. risk factors holdings, its reinvestment rate on new investments in jgbs or other yen-denominated assets, and consumer behavior relative to the company's suite of insurance products. the additional government debt from fiscal stimulus actions could adversely impact the japan sovereign credit profile, which could in turn lead to volatility in japanese capital and currency markets.
should investors become concerned with any of the company's investment holdings, including the concentration in jgbs, its access to market sources of funding could be negatively impacted. it is possible that lenders or debt investors may also become concerned if the company incurs large investment losses or if the level of the company's business activity decreases due to a market downturn or there are further adverse economic trends in the u.s. or japan, specifically, or generally in developed markets.
the company needs liquidity to pay its operating expenses, dividends on its common stock, interest on its debt, and liabilities. see the liquidity and capital resources section of item 7. md&a, for additional information. in the event the company's current resources do not meet its needs, the company may need to seek additional financing. the company's access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit within the financial services industry and its credit rating. see the risk factor below entitled, "any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital" for additional information.
broad economic factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets and inflation, as well as ongoing central bank responses to these factors, all affect the business and economic environment and, indirectly, the amount and profitability of the company's business. in an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. this adverse effect could be particularly significant for companies such as aflac that distribute supplemental, discretionary insurance products primarily through the worksite in the event that economic conditions result in a decrease in the number of new hires and total employees. adverse changes in the economy could potentially lead the company's customers to be less inclined to purchase supplemental insurance coverage or to decide to cancel or modify existing insurance coverage. further, aflac u.s. may experience higher rates of policy lapses during periods of increased job turnover and workforce mobility within the u.s. economy. the above factors could adversely affect the company's net earned premiums, results of operations and financial condition. the company is unable to predict the course of the global financial markets or the recurrence, duration or severity of disruptions in such markets.
defaults, downgrades, widening credit spreads or other events impairing the value of the fixed maturity securities and loan receivables in the company's investment portfolio may reduce the company's earnings and capital position.
the company is subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed maturity securities and loan receivables the company owns may default on principal or interest. a significant portion of the company's portfolio represents an unsecured obligation of the issuer, including some that may be subordinated to other debt in the issuer's capital structure. in these cases, many factors can influence the overall creditworthiness of the issuer and ultimately its ability to service and repay the company's holdings. this can include changes in the global economy, the issuer's assets, strategy, or management, shifts in the dynamics of the industries in which the issuer competes, the issuer's access to additional funding, and the overall health of the credit markets. factors unique to the company's securities including contractual protections such as financial covenants or relative position in the issuer's capital structure also influence the value of the company's holdings. in addition, for investments representing secured obligations of an issuer, such as mortgage loan receivables, the underlying value of the collateral may not be sufficient to fully recover the amount of principal and interest owed to the company if a default occurs.
most of the company's investments carry a rating by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (nrsros or rating agencies). any change in the rating agencies' approach to evaluating credit and assigning an opinion could negatively impact the fair value of the company's portfolio. any expected or sustained credit deterioration of the company's investments will negatively impact the company's net income and capital position through credit impairment and other credit related losses. credit related losses that are not temporary in nature would also affect the company's solvency ratios in the u.s., japan and bermuda. aflac japan has certain regulatory accounting requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by credit-related losses, which may be different from u.s. gaap and statutory requirements. these impairment losses could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings, and the corresponding dividends and capital deployment. the company is also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to the company's investments could deteriorate.
item 1a. risk factors the company is also exposed to the general movement in credit market spreads. a widening of credit spreads could reduce the value of the company's existing portfolio, create unrealized losses on its investment portfolio, and reduce the company's adjusted capital position and/or the dividend capacity of the company's insurance subsidiaries. a tightening of credit spreads could reduce the net investment income available to the company on new credit investments. increased market volatility also makes it difficult to value certain of the company's investment holdings. for additional information, see the critical accounting estimates section of item 7. md&a, and the credit risk subsection of item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
the company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the company has substantial investment portfolios that support its policy liabilities. interest rate risk is an inherent portfolio, business and capital risk for the company, and significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, changes in unrealized positions, and liquidity. changes in interest rates could also result in the company having to recognize gains or losses because the company disposes of some or all of its investments prior to their maturity.
the company's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the ability to invest future cash flows to support the interest rate assumption made at the time of the establishment of the company's product pricing and reserving. low levels of interest rates on investments experienced in japan and the u.s. over the last decade have also reduced the level of investment income earned by the company. while interest rates have increased in the u.s. and other regions, interest rates in japan remain lower than in the u.s., and the company's overall level of investment income will continue to be negatively impacted from japan's low interest rates and from investments made prior to the start of recent rate increases. while the company generally seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports, the company may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of its assets relative to its liabilities. prolonged periods of low interest rates also heighten the risk associated with future increases in interest rates because an increasing proportion of the company's investment portfolio include investments that bear lower rates of return than the embedded book yield of the investment portfolio.
a sustained decline in interest rates could hinder the company's ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for its insurance products at the time of sale and issue and may also influence the company's ability to develop and price attractive new products and could impact its overall sales levels. the company's first sector products are more interest rate sensitive than third sector products. as discussed in item 1. business, beginning in november 2022, aflac japan refreshed its first sector savings-type products ways and child endowment and began to actively promote sales of those products, which had been curtailed since 2013 due to persistent low interest rates in japan. the continuing negative interest rate imposed by the bank of japan (boj) on excess bank reserves could continue to have a negative impact on the distribution and pricing of these products. additionally, a decrease in interest rates increases the fair value of the company's fixed maturity investments, which could result in increases to the company's overall equity. however, the decrease in interest rates increases the liability for future policy benefits (lfpb), which could result in reductions to the company's overall equity.
conversely and concurrently, a rise in interest rates would improve the company's ability to earn higher rates of return on future investments, as well as floating rate investments held in its investment portfolio. a rise in interest rates also decreases the lfpb, which could result in increases to the company's overall equity. however, rising interest rates negatively impact the fair values of the company's fixed maturity investments which could result in reductions to the company's overall equity. portfolio management considerations, the availability of investments, as well as declines in fair value may constrain the ability of the company to transition its investments to higher rate securities. significant increases in interest rates could cause declines in the values of the company's investment portfolio which have a secondary impact on the company's overall evaluation of its deferred tax asset position. an increase in the differential of short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would also increase the cost of hedging a portion of the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the aflac japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. further, some of the insurance products that aflac sells in the u.s. and japan provide cash surrender values, and a rise in interest rates could trigger significant policy surrenders, which might require the company to sell investment assets and recognize unrealized losses. rising interest rates also negatively impact capital ratios in certain jurisdictions because unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investment portfolio factor into the ratio. in addition to the unrealized losses negatively impacting capital ratios, significant unrealized losses could impact the amount of dividends that could be paid under local regulations, including in japan. for aflac japan, rising interest rates and widening credit spreads, which go to reduce the fair value of aflac japan's fixed-maturity investments, when combined with a strengthening yen, and the resulting decrease in the yen value of aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated fixed-maturity item 1a. risk factors investments, have a negative impact to smr. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are also certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, negatively impacting aflac japan's regulatory earnings and corresponding dividends and capital deployment.
see the interest rate risk subsection of item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information.
the company's concentration of business in japan poses risks to its operations and financial condition.
aflac japan's adjusted revenues accounted for 60% of the company's total adjusted revenues in 2023, compared with 64% in 2022 and 68% in 2021. the percentage of the company's total assets attributable to aflac japan was 80% at both december 31, 2023 and 2022. see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
any potential deterioration in japan's credit quality or access to markets, the overall economy of japan, or an increase in japanese market volatility could adversely impact aflac japan's operations and its financial condition and thereby aflac's overall financial performance. further, because of the concentration of the company's business in japan and its need for long-dated yen-denominated assets, the company has a substantial concentration of jgbs in its investment portfolio exposing the company to credit deterioration and potential downgrades of jgbs. see the risk factor entitled "any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital" for additional information.
the company seeks to match investment currency and interest rate risk to its yen liabilities. the low interest rates on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on overall net investment income. a large portion of the cash available for reinvestment each year is deployed in yen-denominated instruments and subject to the low level of yen interest rates.
lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
the company aims to match both the duration and currency of its assets with its liabilities. this is very difficult for aflac japan and aflac re due to the lack of available long-dated yen-denominated fixed income instruments beyond jgbs.
aflac japan's investment strategy includes u.s. dollar-denominated investments. this program includes public investment-grade bonds as well as u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade commercial mortgage loans, middle market loans, infrastructure debt, collateralized loan obligations and other loan types, high yield bond and public and private equities. the company plans to continue adding other instruments denominated in u.s. dollars, including floating rate investments, to improve the portfolio diversification and/or return profile. some of the u.s. dollar-denominated asset classes that the company has added, and anticipates continuing to add, have less liquidity than investment-grade corporate bonds. aflac re's investment strategy also includes u.s. dollar-denominated investments that are presently comprised exclusively of public investment-grade bonds.
investing in u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan and aflac re creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and related capital ratio volatility, as both aflac japan and aflac re insurance liabilities are yen-denominated. although the company engages in certain foreign exchange hedging activities to partially mitigate this risk, and such hedged assets may be used to satisfy yen-denominated insurance liabilities and other business obligations, important risks remain.
in recent years, the company has reduced the proportion of u.s. dollar-denominated investments that are subject to a currency hedge, and this proportion continues to be subject to change at the company's discretion. the company has increased u.s. dollar risk exposure as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. these risks can significantly impact the company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
further, foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. cumulative net cash settlements on derivatives hedging currency exposure of aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments are associated with existing u.s. dollar-denominated investments that continue to be hedged, previously hedged investments that continue to be held but are no longer hedged, and investments previously hedged that have since been sold, matured or redeemed and may or may not have not been converted to yen. the company's foreign exchange derivatives are typically shorter-dated than the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated investments being hedged, which creates roll-over risks within the hedging program that could increase the cost of such item 1a. risk factors derivatives. if the company reduces the notional amount of foreign exchange derivatives prior to the maturity of the hedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments, the foreign exchange gains or losses on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments remain economically unrealized. these foreign currency gains or losses on the investments are only economically realized, or monetized, through sale, maturity or redemption of the investments and concurrent conversion to yen. however, the company may not realize the benefit of offsetting adverse cash settlements on hedging derivatives with cash receipts on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments if the currency exchange rates move in an adverse direction before the investments are converted to yen, or if the investments are never converted to yen. as an example of the latter, if the company's actual insurance risk experience in japan is as expected or more favorable than expected, the need for yen to pay expenses and claims would correspondingly remain at or below expected levels, thereby diminishing operational requirements to convert u.s. dollar-denominated investments to yen. the settlement of the foreign exchange derivatives is reported in the investing activities section of the company's consolidated statements of cash flows in the line item settlement of derivatives, net.
see the risk factor entitled "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate", the hedging activities subsection of item 7. md&a, and the currency risk subsection of item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information.
the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
due to the size of aflac japan, where functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the exchange rate between the yen and the u.s. dollar can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. aflac japan's premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and almost all expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. certain unhedged u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities held by aflac japan are re-measured to yen with the volatility reported in earnings. furthermore, the yen-denominated balance sheet of aflac japan is translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes with foreign exchange impact reflected in equity. accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current year results in relation to the prior year, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current year results in relation to the prior year. in addition, the weakening of the yen relative to the u.s. dollar will generally adversely affect the value of the company's yen-denominated investments in u.s. dollar terms. when the yen strengthens in relation to the u.s. dollar, the yen value of aflac japan's unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments decreases, resulting in a decrease in smr. further, unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities held by aflac japan are exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations, which also impact smr. as a result, periods of unusually volatile currency exchange rates could result in limitations on dividends available to the parent company.
the company engages in certain foreign currency hedging activities to hedge the exposure to yen from its net investment in japanese operations. these hedging activities are limited in scope, and the company cannot provide assurance that these activities will be effective. in addition, an increase in the difference between short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would increase the cost of hedging a portion of the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the aflac japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. as indicated in md&a, the company has determined that the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio acts as a natural economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan against erosion of economic value. at the same time, the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and subjects aflac japan to volatility in regulatory capital, including smr, and earnings, which may adversely impact aflac japan's ability to pay dividends to the parent company. the company has historically maintained and currently maintains the size of the unhedged portfolio at levels below the economic equity surplus in aflac japan, but there can be no assurance that this strategy will be successful.
for regulatory accounting purposes, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by changes in the rate of exchange between the yen and u.s. dollar and could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings and the corresponding dividends and capital deployment.
additionally, the company is exposed to currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into u.s. dollars, resulting in changes in the company's u.s. dollar-denominated cash flows and earnings when exchange gains or losses, respectively, are realized. this primarily occurs when aflac japan pays dividends in yen to the parent company, but it also has an impact when cash in the form of yen is converted to u.s. dollars for investment into u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the exchange rates prevailing at the time of dividend payment may differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. the parent company utilizes forward contracts to accomplish a dual objective of hedging foreign currency exchange rate risk related to dividend payments by aflac japan, and reducing enterprise-wide item 1a. risk factors hedge costs. however, if the markets experience a significant strengthening of yen, this could cause cash strain at the parent company as a result of cash collateral and potentially cash settlement requirements. based on the timing and severity of exchange rate fluctuations combined with the level of outstanding activity in this program, the cash strain at the parent company could be significant.
for additional information regarding unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, see the risk factor above entitled, "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity". see the currency risk subsection of item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information.
the valuation of the company's investments and derivatives includes methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition.
the company reports a significant amount of its fixed maturity securities and other investments at fair value. as such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and valuation methods that are more sophisticated, thereby resulting in values that may be greater or less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within the company's consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly.
valuations of the company's derivatives fluctuate with changes in underlying market variables, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. during periods of market turbulence created by political instability, economic uncertainty, government interventions or other factors, the company may experience significant changes in the volatility of its derivative valuations. extreme market conditions can also affect the liquidity of such instruments creating marked differences in transaction levels and counterparty valuations. depending on the severity and direction of the movements in its derivative valuations, the company will face increases in the amount of collateral required to be posted with its counterparties. liquidity stresses to the company may also occur if the required collateral amounts increase significantly over a very short period of time. conversely, the company may be exposed to an increase in counterparty credit risk for short periods of time while calling collateral from its counterparties.
see the critical accounting estimates section of item 7. md&a, and notes 1, 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the determination of the amount of expected credit losses recorded on the company's investments is based on significant valuation judgments and could materially impact its results of operations or financial position.
the company estimates an expected lifetime credit loss on investments measured at amortized cost including held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, loan receivables and loan commitments. for collateral dependent financial assets, including loans where foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. for the company's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, the company evaluates estimated credit losses only when the fair value of the available-for-sale fixed maturity security is below its amortized cost basis.
the company's approach to estimating credit losses is complex and incorporates significant judgments. in addition to a security, or an asset class, or issuer-specific credit fundamentals, it considers relevant historical information (e.g. loss statistics), current market conditions and reasonable and supportable micro and macroeconomic forecasts. the company's management updates its expected credit loss assumptions regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects expected credit losses in the company's earnings when considered necessary. furthermore, additional credit losses may need to be taken in the future. historical trends may not be indicative of future expectations of credit losses. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the company cannot provide assurance that these evaluations will be accurate and effective. if the company's estimates of credit losses are not accurate and actual credit losses are higher than the company's estimates, the company's net income and capital position will be negatively impacted. these higher losses would also negatively affect the company's solvency ratios in the u.s. and japan.
for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, credit-related losses, or changes in foreign exchange, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding dividend and capital deployment.
item 1a. risk factors any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital.
nrsros may change their ratings or outlook on an insurer's ratings due to a variety of factors including but not limited to competitive position; profitability; cash generation and other sources of liquidity; capital levels; quality of the investment portfolio; and perception of management capabilities. the ratings assigned to the company by the nrsros are important factors in the company's ability to access liquidity and capital from the bank market, debt capital markets or other available sources, such as reinsurance transactions. downgrades of the company's credit ratings could give its derivative counterparties the right to require early termination of derivatives transactions or delivery of additional collateral, thereby adversely affecting the company's liquidity.
downgrades of the company's ratings could also have a material adverse effect on agent recruiting and retention, sales, competitiveness and the marketability of its products, all of which could negatively impact the company's liquidity, operating results and financial condition. additionally, sales through the bank channel in japan could be adversely affected as a result of their reliance on and sensitivity to ratings levels.
the company cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions the company may take in response to the actions of rating agencies. as with other companies in the financial services industry, the company's ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any nrsro.
a decline in the creditworthiness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the company.
the company has exposure to and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker dealers, derivative counterparties, commercial banks and other institutions. the company uses derivative instruments to mitigate various risks associated with its investment portfolio, notes payable, and subsidiary dividends. the company's use of derivatives results in financial exposure to derivative counterparties. if the company's counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under derivative instruments, the company's hedges of the risks will be ineffective, and the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the company engages in derivative transactions directly with affiliates and unaffiliated third parties under international swaps and derivatives association, inc. (isda) agreements and other documentation. most of the isda agreements also include credit support annexes (csas), which generally provide for two-way collateral postings at the first dollar of exposure. in addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of aflac's financial strength rating. the actual amount of payments that the company could be required to make depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. if the company is required to post collateral to support derivative contracts and/or pay cash to settle the contracts at maturity, the company's liquidity could be strained. in addition, the company's cleared swaps result in counterparty exposure to clearing brokers and central clearinghouses; while this exposure is mitigated in part by clearinghouse and clearing broker capital and regulation, no assurance can be provided that these counterparties will fulfill their obligations. the company also has exposure to counterparties to securities lending transactions in the event they fail to return loaned securities. the company is also exposed to the risk that there may be a decline in value of securities posted as collateral for securities lending programs or a decline in value of investments made with cash posted as collateral for such programs.
further, the company has agreements with various japanese financial institutions for the distribution of its insurance products. for example, at december 31, 2023, the company had agreements with 360 banks to market aflac's products in japan. sales through these banks represented 3.3% of aflac japan's new annualized premium sales in 2023. any material adverse effect on these or other financial institutions could also have an adverse effect on the company's sales.
the company has entered into significant reinsurance transactions with large, highly rated counterparties, including affiliates. in addition, aflac japan has entered into reinsurance transactions with aflac re. aflac re is a newly formed entity with less capital than external counterparties with which the company has conducted reinsurance transactions in the past. negative events or developments affecting any one of these counterparties could have an adverse effect on the company's financial position or results of operations.
all of these risks related to exposure to other financial institutions could adversely impact the company's consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
item 1a. risk factors operational-related risk factors sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan.
the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if its sales networks deteriorate or if the company does not adequately provide support, training and education for its existing network of sales associates, brokers, other distribution partners and employees. in the u.s., competition exists for sales associates and brokers with demonstrated ability. further, low rates of unemployment, such as those currently reflected in the u.s. employment market, tend to make it more difficult for aflac u.s. to maintain its network of sales associates. in japan, the company's sales results are dependent upon its relationship with sales associates and other distribution partners, including japan post group. sales of aflac japan cancer products in the japan post group channel experienced a material decline beginning in august 2019. while japan post group resumed proactive sales of cancer insurance policies in april 2021, the company can provide no assurance regarding the ultimate timing or extent of any recovery in such sales. it is uncertain what long-term effect these developments will have on the company's results of operations or financial condition, but any such effects could be material. see the aflac japan segment section of item 7. md&a for additional information.
the company competes with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of its products, compensation, support services and financial rating. the company's sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners are independent contractors and may sell products of its competitors. if the company's competitors offer products that are more attractive, or pay higher commissions than the company does, any or all of these distribution partners may concentrate their efforts on selling the company's competitors' products instead of the company's. in addition to the company's commissioned sales force in the u.s., aflac has expanded its sales leadership team to include a salaried sales force of over 200 market directors and broker sales professionals. the company's inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners, including its alliance partners in japan, could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition.
additionally, as the japan and u.s. employment markets continue to evolve, there is risk that the company's practices regarding attracting, developing, and retaining employees may not be fully effective. employees may leave the company or choose other employers over the company due to various factors, including a competitive labor market. although aflac u.s. has not experienced any material labor shortage to date, it has experienced elevated levels of workforce turnover and there has been an overall tightening of, and increased competition within, the u.s. labor market. these conditions, together with higher levels of inflation may result in increased operating expenses. a sustained labor shortage or continuing increased turnover rates within the aflac u.s. workforce, due to labor market factors or the state of the u.s. economy, could lead to increased costs of the day-to-day operation of the aflac u.s. business, the inability to hire and retain employees, or the outsourcing of certain operations. failure to successfully meet and maintain sufficient levels of employees may diminish the company's ability to achieve its financial and compliance objectives, both of which are time consuming and personnel-intensive.
if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, the company's financial results would be adversely affected.
the assumptions and estimates that the company uses in establishing premiums and reserves depend on the company's judgment regarding the likelihood of future events and are inherently uncertain. many factors can cause actual outcomes to deviate from these assumptions and estimates, such as changes in incidence rates, economic conditions, changes in government healthcare policy, advances in medical technology, changes in treatment patterns, and changes in average lifespan. accordingly, the company cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that it will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level the company assumes prior to payment of benefits or claims. if the company's actual experience is different from its assumptions or estimates, the company's premiums and reserves may prove inadequate. reserve assumptions are regularly reviewed by the company and may be revised if future expectations change. these experience deviations and assumption updates could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
item 1a. risk factors the success of the company's business depends in part on effective information technology systems, on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology, and on successful execution of revenue growth and expense management initiatives.
the company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. some of the company's information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards including adequate business continuity procedures. as such, the company is investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously enhance its customer experience, while also seeking to increase efficiencies. the company is also developing new and innovative products and enhancing existing products. the company will continue to incur expenses related to, among other things, investments in digital capabilities and product innovation including the development and use of artificial intelligence (ai). the company's development of new technology, including the use of ai by the company and third-party vendors, could lead to an increased risk of a business interruption or a cybersecurity breach. further, the company's long-term strategy depends on successful operational execution and its ability to execute on its transformational initiatives, including investments in technology and other initiatives intended to grow revenue and control expenses, combined with its ability to achieve efficiencies and attract and retain personnel. if the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems and continue to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner, the company's sales, business retention, operations and reputation could be adversely affected and it could be exposed to litigation, regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm the company's business.
the company stores confidential policyholder, employee, agent, broker, and other proprietary information on its information technology systems. the company also depends heavily on its telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data it uses to run its businesses and service its customers. the company's information technology and other systems, as well as those of third-party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, have been and will likely continue to be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches, social engineering, phishing, web application attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other cyber-related attacks, that may result in the failure to adequately maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers and prospective customers, or in the misappropriation of the company's intellectual property or proprietary information. the risk of a cyber incident impacting business operations has grown as third parties continue to develop new and highly sophisticated methods of attack. the company and its third-parties or vendors have and may continue to experience outages or cyberattacks that disrupt the operations or impact the confidentiality, availability or integrity of information, which may result in operational, legal, regulatory or financial harm. furthermore, depending upon the type of attack, it could impact the confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of it systems and data, disrupting business operations and resulting in the loss of consumer confidence. although the company attempts to manage its exposure to such events through the purchase of cyber liability insurance, such events are inherently unpredictable, and insurance may not be sufficient to protect the company against all losses. as a result, events such as these could adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operation. although the minor data leakage issues the company has experienced to date have not had a material effect on its business, there is no assurance that the company's security systems or processes will prevent or mitigate future break-ins, tampering, security breaches or other cyber-related attacks. as the company pursues it transformation and increased cloud adoption, it inherently exposes the company to potential cyber related attacks.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by the company or others, including third-party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, could delay or disrupt the company's ability to do business and service its customers, seriously harm the company's brand, reputation, and ability to compete effectively, subject it to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect the company's business. in addition, the costs to address or remediate system interruptions or security threats and vulnerabilities, whether before or after an incident, could be significant.
item 1a. risk factors as a holding company, the parent company depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
the parent company is a holding company and has no direct operations, and its most significant assets are the stock of its subsidiaries. because the parent company conducts its operations through its operating subsidiaries, the parent company depends on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet its debt service and other obligations, to pay dividends on and conduct repurchases of its common stock, and to make investments into its subsidiaries or external opportunities.
aflac is domiciled in nebraska and is subject to insurance regulations that impose certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by aflac to the parent company. the nebraska insurance statutes require prior approval for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. the nebraska insurance department also must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. after the japan branch conversion, the nebraska insurance department and the fsa approved their respective domiciled insurance company service arrangements and transactions. the fsa does not allow dividends or other payments from aflac japan unless it meets certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary will be defined as retained earnings plus other capital reserve less net after-tax net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities.
the ability of aflac and aflac japan to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could also be constrained by the company's dependency on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies. the company's ratings from these agencies depend to a large extent on aflac's capitalization level. any inability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
for the foregoing reasons, there is no assurance that the earnings from, or other available assets of, the parent company's operating subsidiaries will be sufficient to make distributions to enable the company to operate.
the company's risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave the company exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect the company's businesses or result in losses.
the company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. the company maintains policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed. however, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. if the company's risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as the company's businesses change and the markets in which it operates evolve, the company's risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes, and risks may not be appropriately identified, monitored or managed. in times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from greater than expected morbidity, mortality, longevity, or persistency, the effectiveness of the company's risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the company. under difficult or less liquid market conditions, the company's risk management strategies may be ineffective or more difficult or expensive to execute because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk.
many of the company's risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. the company cannot provide assurance that its risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.
management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective. the company's businesses and corporate areas primarily use models to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, and evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. these models are utilized under a risk management policy approved by the company's executive risk management committees, however, the models may not operate properly and rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. as the company's businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and item 1a. risk factors complexity of models the company utilizes expands, increasing the company's exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions.
past or future misconduct by the company's employees or employees of third parties (suppliers which are cost-based relationships and alliance partners which are revenue-generating relationships) could result in violations of law by the company, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm, and the precautions the company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. despite the company's published supplier code of conduct, due diligence of the company's alliance partners, and rigorous contracting procedures (including financial, legal, it security, ai and risk reviews), there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that the company employs will be effective. additionally, the use of third parties also poses operational risks that could result in financial loss, operational disruption, brand damage, or compliance issues. inadequate oversight of the company's third-party suppliers due to the lack of policies, procedures, training and governance may lead to financial loss or damage to the aflac brand.
the use of third-party vendors to support the company's operations makes the company susceptible to the operational risk of those third parties, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the company's reputation.
the company utilizes third-party vendors to provide certain business support services and functions, which exposes the company to risks outside the control of the company that may lead to business disruptions. the reliance on these third-party vendors creates a number of business risks, such as the risk that the company may not maintain service quality, control or effective management of the outsourced business operations and that the company cannot control the information systems, facilities or networks of such third-party vendors. additionally, the company is at risk of being unable to meet legal, regulatory, financial or customer obligations if the information systems, facilities or networks of a third-party vendor are disrupted, damaged or fail, whether due to physical disruptions, such as fire, natural disaster, pandemic or power outage, or due to cybersecurity incidents, ransomware or other impacts to vendors, including labor strikes, political unrest and terrorist attacks. since certain third-party vendors conduct operations for the company outside the u.s., the political and military events in foreign jurisdictions could have an adverse impact on the company's outsourced operations. the company may be adversely affected by a third-party vendor who operates in a poorly controlled manner or fails to deliver contracted services, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the company's reputation.
regulatory risk factors tax rates applicable to the company may change.
the company is subject to taxation in japan, and in the u.s. under federal and numerous state and local tax jurisdictions. in preparing the company's financial statements, the company estimates the amount of tax that will become payable, but the company's effective tax rate may be different than estimates due to numerous factors including accounting for income taxes, the mix of earnings from japan and the u.s., the results of tax audits, adjustments to the value of uncertain tax positions, changes to estimates and other factors. further, changes in u.s. or japan tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase the company's corporate taxes and reduce earnings.
in addition, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on the company's earnings both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions, including in connection with the current presidential administration's continuing interest in raising revenue from the corporate sector in the u.s. any of these factors could cause the company to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or the company's current estimates. if the company's effective tax rate were to increase, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if the company fails to comply with restrictions on customer privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that its third-party service providers and business associates who access, store, process or transmit sensitive customer information maintain its security, integrity, confidentiality and availability, the company's reputation and business operations could be materially adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by the company's businesses are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. these laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. with regard to personal information obtained from policyholders, the insured, or others, aflac japan is regulated in japan by the appi and guidelines issued by fsa and other governmental authorities.
item 1a. risk factors various state laws in the u.s. address the unauthorized access and acquisition of personal information and the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data. hipaa requires the company to impose privacy and security requirements on its business associates (as such term is defined in the hipaa regulations). several states including california and new york, in which aflac u.s. conducts significant portions of its business, have made changes to their privacy or cybersecurity laws or regulations in recent years. further, the u.s. congress and many states are considering new privacy and security requirements that would apply to the company's business. compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on the company's business models, the development of new administrative processes, and the effects of potential noncompliance by the company's business associates. they also may impose further restrictions on the company's collection, disclosure and use of customer identifiable data that are housed in one or more of the company's administrative databases. noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, theft or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information, whether by the company or by one of its third parties, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, reputation, brand and results of operations, including: material fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; consent orders regarding the company's privacy and security practices; adverse actions against the company's licenses to do business; and injunctive relief.
in addition, under japanese laws and regulations, including the appi, if a leak or loss of personal information by aflac japan or its business associates should occur, depending on factors such as the volume of personal data involved and the likelihood of other secondary damage, aflac japan may be required to file reports to the fsa; issue public releases explaining such incident to the public; or become subject to an fsa business improvement order, which could pose a risk to the company's reputation.
although the company provides for appropriate protections through its contracts and performs information security risk assessments of its third-party service providers and business associates, the company still has limited control over their actions and practices. in addition, despite the security measures the company has in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws and rules, the company's facilities and systems, and those of the company's third-party providers and participants in its distribution channels may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. from time to time, the company, its third-party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels have experienced and will likely continue to experience such events. in such cases, notification to affected individuals, state and federal regulators, state attorneys general and media may be required, depending upon the number of affected individuals and whether personal information including health or financial data was subject to unauthorized access.
extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth.
the company's insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of governmental authorities, that exercise a degree of interpretive latitude, including the fsa and ministry of finance (mof) in japan, state insurance regulators, the bma in bermuda, the sec, the naic, the fio, the u.s. department of justice, state attorneys general, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission, and the u.s. department of the treasury, including the internal revenue service (irs), in the u.s. the company is subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may result in non-compliance with another regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. further, regulatory authorities periodically re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
in july 2023, new regulations were proposed by the u.s. departments of labor, treasury and health and human services related to (i) short-term, limited-duration insurance, (ii) fixed indemnity and hospital indemnity excepted benefits, (iii) specified disease or illness excepted benefits, and (iv) tax treatments of fixed amounts received through employment-based accident or health insurance. the timing and substance of the final regulations, if any, is not known, but if passed in the proposed form, these regulations could materially affect sales of aflac u.s.
additionally, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of an issue changing, cause the company to change its views regarding the actions it needs to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective. this may necessitate changes to the company's practices that may, in some cases, limit its ability to grow or otherwise negatively impact the profitability of the company's business.
item 1a. risk factors if the company's subsidiaries fail to meet the minimum capital or operational requirements established by its respective regulators, they could be subject to examination or corrective action, or the company's financial strength ratings could be downgraded, or both. compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase the company's direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. for additional information, see the government regulation subsections of item 1. business.
general risk factors competition could adversely affect the company's ability to increase or maintain its market share or profitability.
the company operates in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. these factors require the company to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate the company's products and services from those of its competitors. the company also faces potential competition from existing or new companies in the u.s. and japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry, but some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than the company. further, some of these potential competitors could introduce new means of product development and delivery that disrupt the company's business model. failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate the company's products and services can affect the company's ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business. further, as employers and brokers are increasingly requesting a full suite of products from one insurance provider, a failure to react and adapt to these demands could result in decreased sales or market share.
the company's future success will depend, in part, on its ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes and to use technology to satisfy and grow customer demand for the company's products and services and to create additional efficiencies in its operations. the company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. a failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in the company's technology could adversely affect the company's operating results. further, the evolving fragmentation of media and marketing channels that has developed over recent years could weaken the impact of the company's advertising efforts over time. as a result, the company's ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and its business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
catastrophic events, including those as a result of climate change or major public health issues, could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations as well as the availability of the company's infrastructure and systems.
the company's insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, war or other military action, major public health issues and terrorism or other acts of violence. claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in the company's financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce its profitability or harm the company's financial condition, as well as affect its ability to write new business. in addition, such events may lead to periods of voluntary or required premium grace periods, which may lead to volatility in lapse rates and related premiums. any resulting or coincidental economic effects could impact the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, capital position, liquidity or prospects in a number of ways. these catastrophic events may cause changes to estimates of future earnings, capital deployment and other guidance the company has provided to the markets in the 2024 outlook section of item 7. md&a.
additionally, the company's operations, as well as those of its vendors, service providers and counterparties, may be adversely affected by such catastrophic events to the extent they disrupt the company's physical infrastructure, human resources or systems that support its businesses and customers. although the company has a global crisis management framework to minimize the business disruption from a catastrophic event, such framework may not be effective to avoid an adverse impact to the company from such an event. while the assessment of risks related to climate change are part of the company's credit review process, climate change-related risks may adversely impact the value of the securities that the company holds. climate change may increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods and forest fires. further, the company cannot predict the effects that any legal or regulatory changes made in response to climate change concerns or major public health issues would have on the company's business.
item 1a. risk factors events, including those external to the company's operations, could damage the company's reputation.
the company has made significant investments in the aflac brand over a long period of time. because insurance products are intangible, the company's ability to compete for and maintain policyholders relies to a large extent on consumer trust in the company's business, including its alliance partners, sales associates and other distribution partners. the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness with respect to the company, its alliance partners, sales associates or other distribution partners could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor the commitments it has made to its policyholders. such perceptions could also negatively impact the company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners, including its alliance partners in japan, and could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition. these effects could also result from a perception of a lack of commitment to sustainability efforts and attention to societal impacts, unfavorable positions on items of public policy, or from failure to make progress toward the company's sustainability goals. maintaining the company's stature as a trustworthy insurer and responsible corporate citizen, which helps support the strength of the company's brand, is critical to the company's reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect the company's brand value, financial condition and results of operations.
the company depends heavily on key management personnel, and the loss of services of one or more of its key executives could harm the company's business.
the company's success depends to a significant extent on the efforts and abilities of its key management personnel. the loss of the services of one or more of the company's senior executives could significantly undermine its management expertise, and the company's business could be adversely affected.
changes in accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standard boards (fasb) or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect the company's financial statements.
the company's financial statements are subject to the application of u.s. gaap, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time the company is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the fasb. changes to accounting standards could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. for additional information, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the company faces risks related to litigation, regulatory investigations and inquiry and other matters.
the company is a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. the final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and plaintiffs may seek very large amounts in class actions or other litigation. although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, the company believes the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. however, a substantial legal liability or a significant federal, state or other regulatory action against the company, as well as regulatory inquiries or investigations, could harm the company's reputation, result in changes in operations, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant costs due to legal fees, settlements or judgments against the company, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. without limiting the foregoing, the litigation and regulatory matters the company is, has been, or may become, subject to include matters related to sales agent recruiting, policy sales practices, claim payments and procedures including denial or delay of benefits, the low level of aflac u.s. benefit ratios in recent financial periods, material misstatements or omissions in the company's financial reports or other public statements, and/or corporate governance, corporate culture or business ethics matters. further, the company may be subject to claims of or litigation regarding sexual or other forms of misconduct or harassment, or discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, or other bases, notwithstanding that the company's code of business conduct and ethics prohibits such harassment and discrimination by its employees, the company has ongoing training programs and provides opportunities to report claims of noncompliant conduct, and it investigates and may take disciplinary action regarding alleged harassment or discrimination. any violations of or deviation from laws, regulations, internal or external codes or standards of normative behavior, or perceptions of such violations or deviations, by the company's employees or by independent sales agents could adversely impact the company's reputation and brand value, financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors allegations or determinations of agent misclassification could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
a majority of the company's u.s. sales force is, and has historically been, comprised of independent agents. while the company believes that it has properly classified such agents as independent contractors, the company may be subject to claims, regulatory action by state or federal departments of labor or tax authorities, changes in state or federal law, or litigation asserting that such agents are employees. the laws and regulations governing the classification of workers in the u.s. may be changed or interpreted differently compared to past interpretations, including in states where the company generates significant sales through independent agents. an allegation or determination that independent agents in the company's u.s. sales force have been misclassified as independent contractors could result in changes in the company's operations and u.s. business model, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant costs due to legal fees, settlements or judgments against the company, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations certain statements included in this section constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are made based on management's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon the company. the company's actual results may differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements. certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements can be found in the risk factors and forward-looking information sections herein.
md&a overview the following financial review provides a discussion of the company's results of operations and financial condition, as well as a summary of the company's critical accounting estimates. this section should be read in conjunction with part i, item 1. business and the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report. this md&a is divided into the following sections:
page executive summary                             33
industry trends outlook results of operations investments                                   54
hedging activities                            59
policy liabilities benefit plans policyholder protection                       63
liquidity and capital resources               63
critical accounting estimates                 71
all relevant prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting standards update (asu) 2018-12 financial services - insurance: targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts (ldti) on january 1, 2023. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. the company has elected to omit certain elements of discussion of the year ended december 31, 2021 in this md&a. readers should refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations located in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed on february 24, 2023, for reference to discussions of the year ended december 31, 2021, the earliest of the three years presented, that have not been adjusted for the adoption of ldti. amounts reported in this md&a may not foot due to rounding.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary performance highlights for the full year of 2023, total revenues were down 2.3% to $18.7 billion, compared with $19.1 billion for the full year of 2022. net earnings were $4.7 billion, or $7.78 per diluted share, for the full year of 2023, compared with $4.4 billion, or $6.93 per diluted share, for the full year of 2022. net earnings for 2023 included an after-tax loss of $119 million, or $.20 per diluted share, related to novation of a reinsurance treaty with a third party that had been ceded back to the company as of year end.
net earnings in 2023 included net investment gains of $590 million, compared with net investment gains of $363 million in 2022. net investment gains in 2023 included an increase in credit loss allowances of $139 million; $441 million of net gains from certain derivative and foreign currency gains or losses; $88 million of net gains on equity securities; and $200 million of net gains from sales and redemptions.
the average yen/dollar exchange rate(1) in 2023 was 140.57, or 7.4% weaker than the rate of 130.17 in 2022.
adjusted earnings(2) for the full year of 2023 were $3.7 billion, or $6.23 per diluted share, compared with $3.6 billion, or $5.67 per diluted share, in 2022. the weaker yen/dollar exchange rate negatively impacted adjusted earnings per diluted share by $.19. adjusted earnings for 2023 included an after-tax loss of $119 million, or $.20 per diluted share, related to novation of a reinsurance treaty with a third party that had been ceded back to the company as of year end.
in 2023, aflac incorporated repurchased $2.8 billion, or 38.9 million of its common shares. at december 31, 2023, the company had 77.7 million remaining shares authorized for repurchase.
shareholders' equity was $22.0 billion, or $38.00 per share, at december 31, 2023, compared with $20.1 billion, or $32.73 per share, at december 31, 2022. shareholders' equity at december 31, 2023 included a cumulative decrease of $2.6 billion from the effect of changes in discount rate assumptions on insurance contracts, compared with a corresponding cumulative decrease of $2.1 billion at december 31, 2022, and a net unrealized gain on investment securities and derivatives of $1.1 billion, compared with a net unrealized loss of $729 million at december 31, 2022. shareholders' equity at december 31, 2023 also included an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $4.1 billion, compared with an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $3.6 billion at december 31, 2022. the annualized return on average shareholders' equity in 2023 was 22.1%.
shareholders' equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci)(2) (adjusted book value) was $27.5 billion, or $47.55 per share at december 31, 2023, compared with $26.6 billion, or $43.18 per share, at december 31, 2022. the annualized adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact(2) in 2023 was 14.2%.
(1) yen/u.s. dollar exchange rates are based on the published mufg bank, ltd. telegraphic transfer middle rate (ttm).
(2) see the results of operations section of this md&a for a definition of this non-u.s. gaap financial measure.
industry trends the company is impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight and a variety of trends that affect the industries where it competes.
financial and economic environment the company's business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on the company, in part because the company has a large investment portfolio and its insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. see item 1a. risk factors for the risk factor entitled, "difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business."
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations demographics aflac japan segment with japan's aging population and the rise in healthcare costs, supplemental health care insurance products remain attractive. however, due to the aging population and decline in birthrate, new opportunities for customer demographics are not as readily available. japan's existing customers and potential customers seek products that are easily understood, cost-effective and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices.
aflac u.s. segment customer demographics continue to evolve and new opportunities present themselves in different customer segments such as the millennial and multicultural markets. customer expectations and preferences are changing. trends indicate existing customers and potential customers seek cost-effective solutions that are easily understood and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices. additionally, income protection and the health needs of retiring baby boomers are continuing to shape the insurance industry.
regulatory environment see item 1. business - aflac japan government regulation and aflac u.s. government regulation for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the company and the associated risks.
competitive environment see item 1. business - aflac japan competitive markets and aflac u.s. competitive markets for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which the company competes in each of its segments.
2024 outlook the company's strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development and distribution expansion and to achieve efficiencies by modernizing its technology and streamlining its operations.
the company's objectives in 2024 are to maintain strong pretax margins with increased sales production through product refreshment in its aflac japan segment and to begin realizing benefits from its buy to build initiatives and other platform investments, manage expenses and strengthen the number of career agents for aflac u.s. the company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition and diverse distribution in japan and the u.s. will provide support toward these objectives.
in november 2023, the board of directors announced a 19.0% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, effective with the first quarter of 2024. the company intends to maintain strong capital ratios in aflac japan and aflac u.s. in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital in the form of share repurchases and opportunistic investments. the company intends to maintain a minimum smr of 500% for aflac japan and a target combined rbc over time of approximately 400% for aflac u.s., consistent with the company's risk management practices.
aflac japan segment for aflac japan, the company anticipates that favorable morbidity experience and the shift in premiums over the last several years from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products and first sector protection products will result in stable benefit ratios in the aflac japan segment, while expense reduction efforts are expected to reduce expense ratios. the company expects that benefit and expense ratios will continue to experience some level of revenue pressure due to the impact of paid up policies and internal reinsurance transactions. for 2024, the company expects aflac japan to generate a benefit ratio in the range of 66% to 68% and an expense ratio in the range of 19% to 21%.
aflac u.s. segment for aflac u.s., the company expects growth in life and disability as well as dental and vision to increase benefit ratios and decrease expense ratios over time. for 2024, the company expects aflac u.s. to generate a benefit ratio in the range of 45% to 47% and an expense ratio in the range of 38% to 40%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate and other the company expects corporate and other results to reflect stable net investment income in 2024, as compared with 2023, assuming that u.s. interest rates remain stable and excluding the impact of tax credit investments, as tax benefits are recognized in a corresponding lower income tax expense.
for important disclosures applicable to statements made in this 2024 outlook, please see the statement on forward-looking information at the beginning of item 1. business, the risk factors identified in item 1a. and this item 7. md&a.
results of operations the company earns its revenues principally from insurance premiums and investments. the company's operating expenses primarily consist of insurance benefits provided and reserves established for anticipated future insurance benefits, general business expenses, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing its products. profitability for the company depends principally on its ability to price its insurance products at a level that enables the company to earn a margin over the costs associated with providing benefits and administering those products. profitability also depends on, among other items, actuarial and policyholder behavior experience on insurance products, and the company's ability to attract and retain customer assets, generate and maintain favorable investment results, effectively deploy capital and utilize tax capacity, and manage expenses.
this document includes references to the company's financial performance measures which are not calculated in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) (non-u.s. gaap). the financial measures exclude items that the company believes may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with insurance operations.
due to the size of aflac japan, where the functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on reported results. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. a significant portion of the company's business is conducted in yen and never converted into dollars but translated into dollars for u.s. gaap reporting purposes, which results in foreign currency impact to earnings, cash flows and book value on a u.s. gaap basis. management evaluates the company's financial performance both including and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation to monitor, respectively, cumulative currency impacts and the currency-neutral operating performance over time. the average yen/dollar exchange rate is based on the published mufg bank, ltd. telegraphic transfer middle rate (ttm).
the company defines the non-u.s. gaap financial measures included in this document as follows:
adjusted earnings are adjusted revenues less benefits and adjusted expenses. adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are the adjusted earnings for the period divided by the weighted average outstanding shares (basic or diluted) for the period presented. the adjustments to both revenues and expenses account for certain items that cannot be predicted or that are outside management's control. adjusted revenues are u.s. gaap total revenues excluding adjusted net investment gains and losses. adjusted expenses are u.s. gaap total acquisition and operating expenses including the impact of interest cash flows from derivatives associated with notes payable but excluding any nonrecurring or other items not associated with the normal course of the company's insurance operations and that do not reflect the company's underlying business performance. management uses adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of the company's insurance operations on a consolidated basis and believes that a presentation of these financial measures is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of the company's insurance business. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively.
adjusted net investment gains and losses are net investment gains and losses adjusted for i) amortized hedge cost/income related to foreign currency exposure management strategies and certain derivative activity, ii) net interest cash flows from foreign currency and interest rate derivatives associated with certain investment strategies, which are both reclassified to net investment income, and iii) the impact of interest cash flows from item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations derivatives associated with notes payable, which is reclassified to interest expense as a component of total adjusted expenses. the company considers adjusted net investment gains and losses important as it represents the remainder amount that is considered outside management's control, while excluding the components that are within management's control and are accordingly reclassified to net investment income and interest expense. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for adjusted net investment gains and losses is net investment gains and losses.
amortized hedge costs/income represent costs/income incurred or recognized as a result of using foreign currency derivatives to hedge certain foreign exchange risks in the company's japan segment or in corporate and other. these amortized hedge costs/ income are estimated at the inception of the derivatives based on the specific terms of each contract and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the hedge. the company believes that amortized hedge costs/income measure the periodic currency risk management costs/income related to hedging certain foreign currency exchange risks and are an important component of net investment income. there is no comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for amortized hedge costs/ income.
adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior-year period, which eliminates fluctuations driven solely by foreign currency exchange rate changes. adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact divided by the weighted average outstanding diluted shares for the period presented. the company considers adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact important because a significant portion of the company's business is conducted in japan and foreign exchange rates are outside management's control; therefore, the company believes it is important to understand the impact of translating foreign currency (primarily japanese yen) into u.s. dollars. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively.
adjusted book value is the u.s. gaap book value (representing total shareholders' equity), less aoci as recorded on the u.s. gaap balance sheet. adjusted book value per common share is adjusted book value at the period end divided by the ending outstanding common shares for the period presented. the company considers adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share important as they exclude aoci, which fluctuates due to market movements that are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share are total book value and total book value per common share, respectively.
adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding the current period foreign currency impact divided by average shareholders' equity, excluding aoci. the company considers adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact important as it excludes changes in foreign currency and components of aoci, which fluctuate due to market movements that are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is return on average equity (roe) as determined using net earnings and average total shareholders' equity.
u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact represents amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. the company considers u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact important as it eliminates the impact of foreign currency changes on the aflac japan segment results, which are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact is the corresponding net investment income amount from the u.s. dollar denominated investments translated to yen.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures of net earnings and net earnings per diluted share, respectively, for the years ended december 31.
reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted earnings in millions                                                            per diluted share
2023                                                                                            2022                                       2021   2023                     2022                      2021
net earnings                                                                        $4,659                  $4,418                   $4,231                    $7.78                   $6.93                     $6.25
items impacting net earnings:
adjusted net investment (gains) losses (1)                                           (914)                   (447)                    (462)                   (1.53)                   (.70)                     (.68)
other and non-recurring (income) loss                                                 (39)                     (1)                       73                    (.07)       .00                       .11
income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded from adjusted earnings (2)               26                   (357)                       83       .04                                  (.56)         .12
adjusted earnings                                                                    3,733                   3,614                    3,925       6.23                     5.67                      5.80
current period foreign currency impact (3)                                             113                         n/a                      n/a   .19                                  n/a                       n/a adjusted earnings excluding current period                                          $3,847                  $3,614                   $3,925                    $6.43                   $5.67                     $5.80
foreign currency impact
(1) see reconciliation of net investment (gains) losses to adjusted net investment (gains) losses below.
(2) includes release of $452 in deferred taxes in 2022.
(3) prior period foreign currency impact reflected as "n/a" to isolate change for current period only.
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
reconciling items net investment gains and losses the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted net investment (gains) losses to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures of net investment (gains) losses for the years ended december 31.
reconciliation of net investment (gains) losses to adjusted net investment (gains) losses
(in millions)                                                                                2023                    2022                    2021
net investment (gains) losses                                                          $(590)                   $(363)                  $(468)
items impacting net investment (gains) losses:
amortized hedge costs                                                                   (157)                    (112)                    (76)
amortized hedge income                                                                    121                       68                      57
net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment             (328)                     (90)                    (30)
strategies interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps              41                       50                      55
on notes payable adjusted net investment (gains) losses                                                 $(914)                   $(447)                  $(462)
the company's investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's profitability. this investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (alm) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. the company does not purchase securities with the intent of generating investment gains or losses. however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. the realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of the company's insurance products.
net investment gains and losses excluded from adjusted earnings include the following:
securities transactions
credit losses
changes in the fair value of equity securities
certain derivative and foreign currency activities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations securities transactions, credit losses and changes in the fair value of equity securities securities transactions include gains and losses from sales and redemptions of investments where the amount received is different from the amortized cost of the investment. credit losses include losses for held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, loan receivables, loan commitments and reinsurance recoverables. changes in the fair value of equity securities are the result of gains or losses driven by fluctuations in market prices.
certain derivative and foreign currency activities the company's derivative activities include:
foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk on u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan's portfolio, with options used on a standalone basis and/or in a collar strategy;
foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen and hedge the company's long term exposure to a weakening yen;
cross-currency interest rate swaps, also referred to as foreign currency swaps, associated with certain senior notes and subordinated debentures;
foreign currency swaps that are associated with variable interest entity (vie) bond purchase commitments, and investments in special-purpose entities, including vies where the company is the primary beneficiary;
interest rate swaps used to economically hedge interest rate fluctuations in certain variable-rate investments;
interest rate swaptions used to hedge changes in the fair value associated with interest rate fluctuations for certain u.s. dollar-denominated available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities; and
bond purchase commitments at the inception of investments in consolidated vies.
gains and losses are recognized as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. the company also excludes from adjusted earnings the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the foreign currency exchange rate.
for additional information regarding net investment gains and losses, including details of reported amounts for the periods presented, see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other and non-recurring items the u.s. insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. the system can result in periodic charges to the company as a result of insolvencies/bankruptcies that occur with other companies in the life insurance industry. some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. these charges neither relate to the ordinary course of the company's business nor reflect the company's underlying business performance, but result from external situations not controlled by the company. the company excludes any charges associated with u.s. guaranty fund assessments and the corresponding tax benefit or expense from adjusted earnings.
in japan, the government also requires the insurance industry to contribute to a policyholder protection corporation that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers; however, these costs are calculated and administered differently than in the u.s. in japan, these costs are not directly related to specific insolvencies or bankruptcies, but are rather a regular operational cost for an insurance company. based on this structure, the company does not remove the japan policyholder protection expenses from adjusted earnings.
the company considers the costs associated with the early redemption of its debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in its insurance operations. additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and the company considers these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with its insurance operations. in may 2021, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from its april 2021 issuance of various series of senior notes to redeem $700 million of its 3.625% senior notes due june 2023. the pretax expense due to the early redemption of these notes was $48 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in june 2023, the company amended the u.s. defined benefit plan to freeze future benefits under the plan for all participants effective january 1, 2024, which resulted in the company recognizing a curtailment gain of approximately $49 million in 2023. the curtailment gain is both unusual and non-recurring and is unrelated to other recurring benefit costs associated with the plan; therefore, the company has excluded the curtailment gain from adjusted earnings.
in 2023, other items excluded from adjusted earnings included an impairment for certain finite-lived intangible assets of approximately $11 million as a result of the company exiting the third-party administration business acquired in connection with the purchase of aflac benefit solutions, inc. in 2019. the impairment of these intangible assets are not related to the ongoing operations of the business and occur infrequently; therefore, the company has excluded the impairment from adjusted earnings.
in 2021, other items excluded from adjusted earnings included integration costs related to the company's acquisition of zurich north america's u.s. corporate life and pensions business; these costs primarily consisted of expenditures for legal, accounting, consulting, integration of systems and processes and other similar services. these integration costs were excluded from adjusted earnings for one year following the acquisition and amounted to $26 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
income taxes the company's combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 11.5% in 2023, 9.3% in 2022 and 18.7% in 2021. in 2023, the combined effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to historic and solar tax credits and the exclusion of foreign currency translation gains and losses held in the delaware statutory trust. in 2022, the combined effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the impact of the tax accounting method change discussed below, as well as historic and solar tax credits. in 2021, the combined effective tax rate differed from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to historic and solar tax credits. total income taxes were $603 million in 2023, $451 million in 2022 and $977 million in 2021. japanese income taxes on aflac japan's results account for most of the company's consolidated income tax expense.
aflac japan holds certain u.s. dollar-denominated assets in a delaware statutory trust (dst). these assets are mostly comprised of various u.s. dollar-denominated commercial mortgage loans. the functional currency of the dst for u.s. tax purposes was historically the japanese yen. in 2022, the company requested a change in tax accounting method through the internal revenue service's automatic consent procedures to change the functional currency of the dst for u.s. tax purposes to the u.s. dollar. as a result, foreign currency translation gains or losses on assets held in the dst are no longer recognized for u.s. tax purposes. the company historically recorded a deferred tax liability for foreign currency translation gains on the dst assets, which was released in the third quarter of 2022 as a result of the functional currency change. the release of the deferred tax liability resulted in the company recognizing an income tax benefit of $174 million in 2023 and $452 million in 2022.
in august 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 (ira) was signed into u.s. law, which among other things, imposed a 1% excise tax on the company's repurchases of its common stock. effective january 1, 2023, charges associated with the excise tax are recognized in equity consistent with other costs related to treasury stock.
for additional information, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the critical accounting estimates - income taxes section of this md&a.
the company expects that its effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for future periods will be approximately 20%. the effective tax rate continues to be subject to future tax law changes both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. see the item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk factor entitled "tax rates applicable to the company may change" in part i, item 1a. risk factors for additional information.
foreign currency translation aflac japan's premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and most expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. yen-denominated income statement accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using the weighted average japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate for the reporting period, except realized gains and losses on securities transactions which are translated at the exchange rate on the trade date of each transaction. yen-denominated balance sheet accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using the spot japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.
reconciliation of book value to adjusted book value the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted book value and adjusted book value per diluted share to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures of book value and book value per diluted share, respectively, for the years ended december 31.
(in millions, except for share and per-share amounts)                                                         2023   2022
u.s. gaap book value                                                                           $21,985                                      $20,140
items impacting u.s. gaap book value:
unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                         (4,069)                                      (3,564)
unrealized gains (losses) on securities and derivatives                                          1,117                                        (729)
effect of changes in discount rate assumptions                                                 (2,560)                                      (2,100)
pension liability adjustment                                                                       (8)                                         (36)
total accumulated other comprehensive income                                                   (5,520)                                      (6,429)
adjusted book value                                                                             27,505                                       26,569
number of shares outstanding at end of period                                                  578,479                                      615,256
u.s. gaap book value per common share                                                           $38.00                                       $32.73
items impacting u.s. gaap book value per common share:
unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) per common share                         (7.03)                                       (5.79)
unrealized gains (losses) on securities and derivatives per common share                          1.93                                       (1.18)
effect of changes in discount rate assumptions per common share                                 (4.43)                                       (3.41)
pension liability adjustment per common share                                                    (.01)                                        (.06)
total accumulated other comprehensive income per common share                                   (9.54)                                      (10.45)
adjusted book value per common share                                                             47.55                                        43.18
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation of return on equity to adjusted return on equity
(excluding the impact of foreign currency)
the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted return on equity excluding the impact of foreign currency to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure of return on equity for the years ended december 31.
2023                                                                                                              2022
u.s. gaap return on equity - net earnings (1)                                          22.1   %               23.8   %
impact of excluding unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses)            (3.1)                  (2.5)
impact of excluding unrealized gains (losses) on securities and derivatives              .2                    4.1
impact of excluding effect of changes in discount rate assumptions                    (1.9)                  (8.2)
impact of excluding pension liability adjustment                                         .0                   (.1)
impact of excluding accumulated other comprehensive income                            (4.9)                  (6.8)
u.s. gaap return on equity less accumulated other comprehensive income                 17.2                   17.0
differences between adjusted earnings and net earnings (2)                            (3.4)                  (3.1)
adjusted return on equity - reported                                                   13.8                   13.9
impact of foreign currency (3)                                                         (.4)                        n/a adjusted return on equity, excluding impact of foreign currency                        14.2                   13.9
(1) u.s. gaap return on equity is calculated by dividing net earnings (annualized) by average shareholders' equity.
(2) see separate reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted earnings above.
(3) impact of foreign currency is calculated by restating all foreign currency components of the income statement to the weighted average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. the impact is the difference of the restated adjusted earnings compared to reported adjusted earnings. for comparative purposes, only current period income is restated using the weighted average prior period exchange rate, which eliminates the foreign currency impact for the current period. this allows for equal comparison of this financial measure.
results of operations by segment u.s. gaap financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. furthermore, the company is required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets. the company's insurance business consists of two segments: aflac japan and aflac u.s. aflac japan is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. in addition, the parent company, other business units that are not individually reportable, and business activities, including reinsurance activities, not included in aflac japan or aflac u.s. are included in corporate and other. see item 1. business for a summary of each segment's products and distribution channels.
consistent with u.s. gaap guidance for segment reporting, pretax adjusted earnings is the company's u.s. gaap measure of segment performance. the company believes that a presentation of this measure is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of its business. additional performance measures used to evaluate the financial condition and performance of the company's segments are listed below.
operating ratios
new annualized premium sales
new money yield
return on average invested assets
average weekly producer
premium persistency for additional information on the company's performance measures included in this md&a, see the glossary of selected terms found directly following part iv. see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation of segment results to the company's consolidated u.s. gaap results and additional information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aflac japan segment aflac japan pretax adjusted earnings changes in aflac japan's pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac japan for the years ended december 31 followed by a discussion of the significant drivers of changes in yen operating results compared to the previous year.
aflac japan summary of operating results in dollars                                                                    in yen
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)                       2023                         2022                         2021                    2023                    2022                      2021
net earned premiums (1)                                          $8,047                       $9,186                      $11,301                  1,128                  1,198                    1,240
net investment income: (2)
yen-denominated investment income                                   985                        1,140                        1,262                     138                     149                       139
u.s. dollar-denominated investment income                         1,755                        1,641                        1,845                     247                     215                       203
net investment income                                             2,739                        2,782                        3,107                     385                     365                       341
amortized hedge costs related to certain foreign                    157                          112                           76                      20                      13                         8
currency exposure management strategies adjusted net investment income                                    2,582                        2,669                        3,031                     366                     351                       333
other income (loss)                                                  35                           35                           41                       5
total adjusted revenues                                          10,664                       11,890                       14,373                   1,498                   1,554                     1,577
benefits and claims:
benefits and claims, excluding reserve                            5,409                        6,282                        7,738                     757                     820                       849
remeasurement reserve remeasurement (gains) losses                               (96)                         (91)                         (62)                    (13)                    (13)                       (7)
total benefits and claims, net                                    5,313                        6,191                        7,675                     744                     807                       842
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition                         326                          338                          393                      46                      44                        43
costs insurance commissions                                               491                          563                          706                      69                      73                        77
insurance and other expenses                                      1,299                        1,517                        1,843                     182                     198                       203
total adjusted expenses                                           2,117                        2,417                        2,942                     297                     316                       323
total benefits and adjusted expenses                              7,430                        8,609                       10,618                   1,041                   1,123                     1,165
pretax adjusted earnings                                         $3,234                       $3,281                       $3,756                    457                    431                      412
weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate                        140.57                       130.17                       109.07                       -                       -                         -
percentage change over previous period:
net earned premiums                                         (12.4)    %                  (18.7)    %                  (10.8)    %              (5.9)    %              (3.4)    %                (8.4)    %
adjusted net investment income                               (3.3)                       (11.9)                         14.0                     4.0                     5.5                      17.6
total adjusted revenues                                     (10.3)                       (17.3)                        (6.5)                   (3.6)                   (1.5)                     (3.9)
total benefits and claims, net                              (14.2)                       (19.3)                       (13.3)                   (7.8)                   (4.2)                    (10.9)
total adjusted expenses                                     (12.4)                       (17.8)                        (9.7)                   (6.1)                   (2.2)                     (7.0)
pretax adjusted earnings                                     (1.4)                       (12.6)                         15.1                     6.0                     4.6                      18.4
(1) includes a gain (loss) of $20, $(42) and $(11) in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to remeasurement of the deferred profit liability for limited-payment contracts.
(2) net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of $(294), $(86) and $(33) in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income.
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in 2023, net earned premiums decreased primarily due to approximately 37 billion related to internal reinsurance transactions with aflac re and approximately 32 billion in limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status. adjusted net investment income increased in 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to an increase in floating rate income earned from u.s. dollar-denominated investments, which was driven by higher yields, partially offset by lower income from make whole payments and an increase in amortized hedge cost. in 2023, total adjusted revenues decreased primarily due to the decrease in net earned premiums and partially offset by an increase in adjusted net investment income. in 2023, total benefits and claims decreased primarily due to lower third sector incurred claims and annual assumption updates as well as an approximately 26 billion decrease due to internal reinsurance transactions with aflac re. total adjusted expenses decreased in 2023 primarily due to approximately 9 billion of impacts related to internal reinsurance transactions with aflac re and decreases related to expense control efforts. in 2023, pretax adjusted earnings increased primarily due to the decrease in total benefits and claims and total adjusted expenses, partially offset by the decrease in total adjusted revenues.
in 2022, net earned premiums decreased primarily due to limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status and terminations net of new issues. adjusted net investment income increased in 2022 primarily due to higher floating rate income earned from u.s. dollar-denominated investments that were driven by stronger dollar exchange rates, increasing interest rates, and higher income from make whole payments received on called securities, which were partially offset by lower income from alternative assets and higher hedge costs. in 2022, total adjusted revenues decreased primarily due to the decrease in net earned premiums. in 2022, total benefits and claims decreased primarily due to a larger reserve release related to "deemed hospitalization" benefits. total adjusted expenses decreased primarily due to lower general operating expenses. in 2022, pretax adjusted earnings increased primarily due to the decrease in total benefits and claims and total adjusted expenses, partially offset by the decrease in total adjusted revenues.
when comparing 2021 results prior to and subsequent to adoption of ldti, net earned premiums decreased primarily due to approximately a 60 billion increase in the deferred profit liability on limited-pay products as a result of the reclassification of the change in deferred profit liability from the benefits and claims, net line item to the net earned premiums line item. total benefits and claims decreased approximately 31 billion, which included a 7 billion reserve remeasurement gain. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the adoption of ldti.
annualized premiums in force at december 31, 2023, were 1.25 trillion, compared with 1.30 trillion in 2022 and 1.36 trillion in 2021. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of 4.2% in 2023 was driven primarily by limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of 4.4% in 2022 and 4.7% in 2021 was driven primarily by limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status and lower sales as a result of pandemic conditions. annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $8.8 billion in 2023, $9.8 billion in 2022 and $11.8 billion in 2021. as of december 31, 2023, aflac japan exceeded 22 million individual policies in force in japan, with more than 14 million cancer policies in force in japan.
aflac japan's investment portfolios include u.s. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). in years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms. in years when the yen weakens, translating u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table illustrates the effect of translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had foreign currency exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year. amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income were determined using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. see non-u.s. gaap financial measures defined above.
aflac japan percentage changes over prior year
(yen operating results)
for the years ended december 31, including foreign                                                          excluding foreign currency changes                                                           currency changes
2023                                                                    2022                      2021                   2023                      2022                      2021
adjusted net investment income             4.0   %                   5.5   %                  17.6   %              (1.4)   %                 (5.0)   %                  15.6   %
total adjusted revenues                  (3.6)                     (1.5)                     (3.9)                  (4.8)                     (3.7)                     (4.2)
pretax adjusted earnings                   6.0                       4.6                      18.4                    1.8                     (3.5)                      16.8
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios in yen terms for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total adjusted revenues:                              2023               2022               2021
total benefits and claims, net                              49.7   %           51.9   %           53.4   %
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            3.1                2.8                2.7
insurance commissions                                        4.6                4.7                4.9
insurance and other expenses                                12.2               12.8               12.8
total adjusted expenses                                     19.8               20.3               20.5
pretax adjusted earnings                                    30.5               27.7               26.1
ratios to total premiums:
total benefits and claims, net                              66.0   %           67.4   %           67.9   %
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            4.1                3.7                3.5
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
in 2023, the total benefits and claims to total premiums ratio decreased primarily due to a decrease in the third sector benefit ratio from annual updates to reserve assumptions, internal reinsurance activity, and the continued change in the mix of first and third sector business. the total adjusted expense ratio decreased in 2023, primarily due to the decrease in total adjusted revenues and an offsetting decrease in total adjusted expenses due to the internal reinsurance transactions with aflac re and expense control efforts. in total, the pretax adjusted profit margin increased in 2023, primarily due to the lower benefit ratio, the lower expense ratio and an offsetting decrease in total adjusted revenues.
in 2022, the total benefits and claims to total premiums ratio decreased slightly primarily due to a larger reserve release related to "deemed hospitalization" benefits. the total adjusted expense ratio was essentially flat in 2022. in total, the pretax adjusted profit margin increased in 2022 primarily due to the lower benefit ratio, the lower expense ratio and an offsetting decrease in total adjusted revenues.
the following table presents aflac japan's premium persistency on a 12-month rolling basis as of december 31.
2023                                                 2022               2021
premium persistency           93.4   %           94.1   %           94.3   %
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aflac japan sales the following table presents aflac japan's new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
in dollars                                                            in yen
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)              2023   2022                                     2021                    2023                   2022               2021
new annualized premium sales                          $432                     $416                   $499                   60.7                   54.8              54.8
increase (decrease) over prior period                  3.8   %               (16.7)   %                4.6   %                10.9   %                .0   %             7.7   %
in 2023, the increase in new annualized premium sales on a yen basis was primarily driven by sales of aflac japan's new cancer insurance product and updated first sector products, all of which were launched in the second half of 2022 and at japan post, dai-ichi life and other financial institutions in the first half of 2023, and sales of aflac japan's new medical insurance product launched in september 2023.
in 2022, new annualized premium sales on a yen basis were essentially flat, compared with 2021, reflecting constrained sales in the first half of the year due to ongoing pandemic conditions offset by a new cancer product launch in certain distribution channels and first sector product updates in the second half of the year.
the following table details the contributions to aflac japan's new annualized premium sales by major insurance product for the years ended december 31.
2023                                                            2022                    2021
cancer                              64.1   %                56.5   %                49.2   %
medical and other health:
medical                             20.2                    26.6                    37.2
income support                        .4                     1.3                     0.5
life insurance:
traditional life (1)                 6.5                     8.1                     9.0
ways                                 6.8                     3.5                      .8
child endowment                       .4                      .3                      .3
other                                1.6                     3.7                     3.0
total                              100.0   %               100.0   %               100.0   %
(1) includes term and whole life the foundation of aflac japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, third sector products, which include cancer, medical, income support, and other products such as nursing care and work leave insurance. with continued cost pressure on japan's health care system, the company expects the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future and that the medical and cancer insurance products aflac japan provides will continue to be an important part of its product portfolio. moreover, in november 2022, aflac japan refreshed its first sector savings-type products ways and child endowment and began to actively promote sales of these products after having curtailed sales of both products beginning in 2013. the refreshment of these first sector products position aflac japan for potential future long-term sales opportunities by marketing these products to a younger demographic as well as potential cross-selling opportunities of aflac japan's third sector products.
sales of aflac japan cancer insurance products in the japan post group channel experienced a material decline beginning in august 2019. japan post group resumed proactive sales of cancer insurance policies in april 2021 and aflac japan continues to strengthen the strategic alliance. in april 2023, japan post group began selling aflac japan's new cancer insurance product that was first launched in other channels in august 2022. in april 2022, approximately 10,000 employees of japan post co. were transferred to japan post insurance. japan post group has informed aflac japan that the transferred employees' responsibilities will include sales of japan post insurance products and aflac japan cancer products but will not include sales of other financial products. for additional information, see the risk factor entitled "sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan," in part i, item 1a. risk factors.
aflac japan continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance application by allowing the customer and an aflac japan operator to see the same screen through their item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations smart devices. further, aflac japan continues to utilize its virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online.
the following table details the contributions to aflac japan's new annualized premium sales by agency type for the years ended december 31.
2023                                                                        2022                    2021
independent corporate and individual            46.7   %                49.5   %                51.1   %
affiliated corporate (1)                        50.0                    46.5                    43.7
bank                                             3.3                     4.0                     5.2
total                                          100.0   %               100.0   %               100.0   %
(1) includes japan post group, dai-ichi life and daido life in 2023, aflac japan recruited 24 new sales agencies. at december 31, 2023, aflac japan was represented by approximately 7,000 sales agencies, with approximately 113,000 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies. the number of sales agencies has declined in recent years due to aflac japan's focus on supporting agencies with strong management frameworks, high productivity and more producing agents.
at december 31, 2023, aflac japan had agreements to sell its products at 360 banks, approximately 90% of the total number of banks in japan.
strategic alliance with japan post holdings as previously reported, on december 19, 2018, the parent company and aflac japan entered into a basic agreement with japan post holdings co., ltd., a japanese corporation (japan post holdings). pursuant to the terms of the basic agreement, among other items, japan post holdings and aflac japan agreed to reconfirm existing initiatives regarding cancer insurance and to consider new joint initiatives. in june 2021, the parent company, aflac japan and japan post group agreed to pursue several specific initiatives toward building a "'co-creation platform' to support customers and local communities," consistent with japan post group's medium-term management plan announced in may 2021. the initiatives are directed at, among other items, the promotion of aflac japan cancer insurance, digital transformation within the japan post group, and certain diversity efforts.
as previously reported, on february 28, 2019, the parent company entered into a shareholders agreement with japan post holdings, j&a alliance holdings corporation, a delaware corporation, solely in its capacity as trustee of j&a alliance trust, a new york voting trust (trust), and general incorporated association j&a alliance, a japanese general incorporated association (the shareholders agreement). according to a form 13f filed by japan post holdings with the sec on january 5, 2024, japan post holdings owned 52.3 million aflac incorporated common shares as of december 31, 2023.
on may 1, 2023, the parent company filed a registration statement on form s-3 that registered the sale of its common stock from time to time by j&a alliance holdings corporation in its capacity as trustee of the trust. the filing was made strictly pursuant to a contractual requirement contained in the shareholders agreement. the trust has agreed not to own more than the greater of 10% of the parent company's outstanding shares or such shares representing 22.5% of the voting rights in the parent company.
in light of the fact that the shares acquired by the trust, like all aflac incorporated common shares, will be eligible for 10-for-1 voting rights after being held for 48 consecutive months, the shareholders agreement further provides for voting restrictions that effectively limit the trustee's voting rights to no more than 20% of the voting rights in the parent company and further restrict the trustee's voting rights with respect to certain change in control transactions. japan post holdings will not have a board seat on the parent company's board of directors and will not have rights to control, manage or intervene in the management of the parent company.
the foregoing is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the basic agreement, a copy of which is attached as exhibit 10.1 to the company's current report on form 8-k filed december 19, 2018, and the shareholders agreement, a copy of which is attached as exhibit 10.50 to the company's quarterly report on form 10-q filed april 26, 2019, the terms of which exhibits are incorporated herein by reference.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aflac japan investments the level of investment income in yen is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, the effect of yen/dollar exchange rates on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income, and other factors.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac japan invests in yen and u.s. dollar-denominated investments. yen-denominated investments primarily consist of jgbs, public and private fixed maturity securities and public equity securities. aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments include fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including alternative investments in limited partnerships or similar investment vehicles. aflac japan has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the u.s. dollar investments.
the following table details the investment purchases for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                         2023                    2022                    2021
yen-denominated:
fixed maturity securities:
japan government and agencies                     $357                       $0                  $1,208
private placements                                 510                      854                     695
other fixed maturity securities                    102                      113                     171
equity securities                                  346                      398                     216
commercial mortgage and other loans:
other loans                                         77                        0                       0
other investments                                   16                       22                      10
total yen-denominated                           $1,408                   $1,387                  $2,300
u.s. dollar-denominated:
fixed maturity securities:
other fixed maturity securities                   $606                     $559                  $1,963
infrastructure debt                                 50                      215                      52
collateralized loan obligations                      0                      498                     216
equity securities                                    0                       22                       8
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans                     247                    1,645                   1,768
commercial mortgage loans                            0                        0                      31
middle market loans                                446                    1,203                   2,428
other loans                                          0                      132                       0
other investments                                  393                      391                     404
total u.s. dollar-denominated                   $1,742                   $4,666                  $6,870
total aflac japan purchases                     $3,150                   $6,053                  $9,170
see the investments section of this md&a for further discussion of these investment programs, and see notes 1, 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding loans and loan receivables.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the results of aflac japan's investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31
2023                                                                                                                                 2022                     2021
total purchases for the period (in millions) (1)                                                      $2,741                   $5,640                   $8,756
new money yield (1),(2)                                                                                 5.18   %                 4.48   %                 3.50   %
return on average invested assets (3)                                                                   2.90                     2.78                     2.72
portfolio book yield, including u.s. dollar-denominated investments, end of period (1),(2)              3.18   %                 3.06   %                 2.60   %
(1) includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
(2) reported on a gross yield basis; excludes investment expenses, external management fees, and amortized hedge costs
(3) net of investment expenses and amortized hedge costs, year-to-date number reflected on a quarterly average basis the increase in the aflac japan new money yield in 2023 was primarily due to increases in u.s. and japan interest rates. the increase in the aflac japan new money yield in 2022 was primarily due to increases in u.s. interest rates.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the investments and hedging activities sections of this md&a for additional information on the company's investments and hedging strategies.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aflac u.s. segment aflac u.s. pretax adjusted earnings changes in aflac u.s. pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31 followed by a discussion of the significant drivers of changes in operating results compared to the previous year.
aflac u.s. summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                        2023                     2022                     2021
net earned premiums                                            $5,675                   $5,570                   $5,614
adjusted net investment income (1)                                820                      755                      754
other income                                                      128                      161                      121
total adjusted revenues                                         6,623                    6,486                    6,489
benefits and claims:
benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement            2,715                    2,679                    2,724
reserve remeasurement (gains) losses                            (283)                    (124)                     (85)
total benefits and claims, net                                  2,431                    2,555                    2,639
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                 490                      455                      442
insurance commissions                                             561                      553                      550
insurance and other expenses                                    1,640                    1,564                    1,502
total adjusted expenses                                         2,691                    2,573                    2,494
total benefits and adjusted expenses                            5,122                    5,127                    5,132
pretax adjusted earnings                                       $1,501                   $1,359                   $1,356
percentage change over previous period:
net earned premiums                                               1.9   %                 (.8)   %                (2.5)   %
adjusted net investment income                                    8.6                       .1                      7.0
total adjusted revenues                                           2.1                       .0                    (1.2)
total benefits and claims, net                                  (4.9)                    (3.2)                    (4.6)
total adjusted expenses                                           4.6                      3.2                    (1.5)
pretax adjusted earnings                                         10.4                       .2                      6.9
(1) net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of $(34), $(4) and $2 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income.
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
in 2023, aflac u.s. net earned premiums increased primarily due to higher net earned premiums from growth initiatives, including group life and disability, network dental and vision, and consumer markets businesses. adjusted net investment income increased in 2023 primarily due to increases in u.s. interest rates which increased yields on the company's floating rate and short term investment portfolios. in 2023, total adjusted revenues increased primarily due to the increase in net earned premiums and adjusted net investment income. total benefits and claims decreased in 2023 primarily due to a reserve remeasurement gain related to assumption updates and favorable experience. in 2023, total adjusted expenses increased due to an increase in employee-related expenses, a $31 million write-off of certain capitalized software development costs, as well as a slight increase in expenses related to ongoing investments in the u.s. platform. pretax adjusted earnings increased in 2023, driven primarily by lower benefits and claims and the increase in adjusted revenues, partially offset by higher adjusted expenses.
in 2022, aflac u.s. net earned premiums decreased, primarily due to lower persistency. adjusted net investment income in 2022 was basically flat. in 2022, total adjusted revenues were flat. in 2022, total benefits and claims decreased primarily due to a reserve remeasurement gain related to assumption updates and favorable experience. in 2022, total adjusted expenses increased due to ongoing investments in the u.s. platform. the increase in pretax adjusted earnings in 2022 was driven primarily by lower benefits and claims offset by higher adjusted expenses and slightly lower revenue.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations when comparing 2021 results prior to and subsequent to adoption of ldti, total benefits and claims increased approximately $192 million due to a change in lfpb. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the adoption of ldti.
annualized premiums in force increased 3.3% in 2023, were essentially flat in 2022 and decreased 1.6% in 2021. annualized premiums in force at december 31 were $6.2 billion in 2023, compared with $6.0 billion in both 2022 and 2021.
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total adjusted revenues:                              2023               2022               2021
total benefits and claims                                   36.7   %           39.4   %           40.7   %
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            7.4                7.0                6.8
insurance commissions                                        8.5                8.5                8.5
insurance and other expenses                                24.8               24.1               23.1
total adjusted expenses                                     40.6               39.7               38.4
pretax adjusted earnings                                    22.7               21.0               20.9
ratios to total premiums:
total benefits and claims                                   42.8   %           45.9   %           47.0
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            8.6                8.2                7.9
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
in 2023, the total benefits and claims to total premiums ratio decreased primarily due to reserve remeasurement gains related to assumption updates and favorable experience. the total adjusted expense ratio increased in 2023, primarily due to an increase in employee-related expenses, the $31 million write-off of certain capitalized software development costs, as well as a slight increase in expenses related to ongoing investments in the u.s. platform. in total, the pretax adjusted profit margin increased in 2023, primarily due to the lower benefit ratio.
in 2022, the total benefits and claims to total premiums ratio decreased primarily due to reserve remeasurement gains. the adjusted expense ratio increased in 2022, primarily due to higher planned spending reflecting ongoing investments in the u.s. platform. in total, the pretax adjusted profit margin was essentially flat in 2022.
the following table presents premium persistency for aflac u.s. on a 12-month rolling basis as of december 31.
2023                                                 2022               2021
premium persistency           78.6   %           77.3   %           79.7   %
aflac u.s. sales the following table presents aflac's u.s. new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                         2023                     2022                     2021
new annualized premium sales                    $1,558                   $1,483                   $1,278
increase (decrease) over prior period              5.0   %                 16.1   %                 16.9   %
new annualized premium sales for accident insurance decreased 3.6%; disability sales increased 4.8%; critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance) increased 7.6%; hospital indemnity insurance sales decreased .6%; dental/vision sales increased 15.4%; and life sales increased 22.2% in 2023, compared with 2022. the increase in sales for aflac u.s. in 2023 and 2022 reflects continued improvement from investment in growth initiatives as well as productivity gains.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table details the contributions to aflac's u.s. new annualized premium sales by major insurance product category for the years ended december 31.
2023                                                      2022                    2021
accident                      20.9   %                22.8   %                25.1   %
disability                    25.6                    25.5                    23.1
critical care (1)             20.7                    20.1                    21.3
hospital indemnity            14.5                    15.3                    16.4
dental/vision                  6.3                     5.8                     5.1
life                          12.0                    10.5                     9.0
total                        100.0   %               100.0   %               100.0   %
(1) includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products in 2023, the aflac u.s. sales force included an average of approximately 6,200 u.s. agents, including brokers, who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. the company believes that this average weekly producer equivalent metric allows sales management to monitor progress and needs, as well as serve as a leading indicator of future production capacity.
in july 2023, the u.s. department of labor, u.s. department of the treasury and u.s. department of health and human services issued a proposed joint rule that, as written, would impose significant limitations on the structure of benefits for hospital indemnity and other fixed indemnity plans, including those sold by aflac u.s. the current benefit structure for these products allows the company to vary the amount of benefits by the services or items received, severity of illness or injury, or any other characteristics particular to a course of treatment. if finalized in its current form, the proposed rule would eliminate aflac u.s.'s ability to vary the amount of benefits provided by these products. in addition, the proposed rule also proposes to change the tax treatment of all fixed indemnity products. under the proposal, if premiums are paid on a pretax basis (either by the employer or by employee pretax salary reduction), then the entire amount of the benefit would be taxable income regardless of the amount of the employee's unreimbursed medical expenses. currently, only the benefits received in excess of unreimbursed medical or medical-related costs are subject to tax. the comment period for the proposed rule closed on september 11, 2023. aflac u.s. has filed comments opposing the proposed rule. the timing and substance of the final regulations, if any, is not known, and any such final rule could be the subject of litigation.
aflac u.s. investments the level of investment income is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, and other factors.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table details the investment purchases for aflac u.s. as of december 31.
(in millions)                                       2023                    2022                    2021
fixed maturity securities:
other fixed maturity securities                 $587                     $579                    $756
infrastructure debt                               83                      137                      91
collateralized loan obligations                    0                      199                      65
equity securities                                 11                       33                     213
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans                    78                      342                     525
commercial mortgage loans                         33                        0                     276
middle market loans                               85                      301                     190
other loans                                       30                      110                      14
other investments                                 44                       44                      45
total aflac u.s. purchases                      $951                   $1,745                  $2,175
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
the following table presents the results of aflac's u.s. investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
2023                                                                               2022                     2021
total purchases for period (in millions) (1)          $907                   $1,701                   $2,130
new money yield (1),(2)                               7.56   %                 5.16   %                 3.41   %
return on average invested assets (3)                 4.88                     4.72                     4.87
portfolio book yield, end of period (1),(2)           5.53   %                 5.39   %                 4.94   %
(1) includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
(2) reported on a gross yield basis; excludes investment expenses and external management fees
(3) net of investment expenses, year-to-date number reflected on a quarterly average basis the increase in the aflac u.s. new money yield in 2023 and 2022 was primarily due to increases in u.s. interest rates. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of item 7a. for additional information regarding the sector concentrations of the company's investments.
52
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate and other changes in the pretax adjusted earnings of corporate and other are primarily affected by internal reinsurance activity and net investment income. the following table presents a summary operating results for corporate and other for the years ended december 31 followed by a discussion of the significant drivers of changes in operating results compared to the previous year.
corporate and other summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                              2023                        2022                     2021
net earned premiums                                                    $400                        $145                     $180
net investment income (loss) (1)                                       (77)                          30                     (73)
amortized hedge income related to certain foreign currency              121                          68                       57
management strategies adjusted net investment income                                           44                          98                     (16)
other income                                                             15                          24                       11
total adjusted revenues                                                 460                         267                      175
benefits and claims:
benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement                    470                         141                      161
reserve remeasurement (gains) losses                                    (3)                           0                        0
total benefits and claims, net                                          467                         141                      161
adjusted expenses:
interest expense                                                        144                         162                      165
other adjusted expenses                                                 273                         181                      142
total adjusted expenses                                                 417                         343                      307
total benefits and adjusted expenses                                    885                         485                      469
pretax adjusted earnings                                             $(425)                      $(218)                   $(293)
percentage change over previous period:
net earned premiums                                                   175.9   %                  (19.4)   %                (7.2)   %
adjusted net investment income                                       (55.1)                       712.5                  (109.0)
total adjusted revenues                                                72.3                        52.6                   (54.4)
total benefits and claims, net                                        231.2                      (12.4)                   (10.6)
total adjusted expenses                                                50.0                        11.7                    (3.8)
pretax adjusted earnings                                             (95.0)                        25.6                  (154.8)
(1) the change in value of federal historic rehabilitation and solar investments in partnerships of $343, $91 and $138 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included as a reduction to net investment income. tax credits on these investments of $334, $83 and $115 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of earnings. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these investments.
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
in 2023, net earned premiums increased due to the internal reinsurance transactions between aflac japan and aflac re. adjusted net investment income decreased in 2023 primarily due to $252 million related to a higher volume of tax credit investments, as tax benefits are recognized in a corresponding lower income tax expense, partially offset by an increase driven by higher investment returns, $74 million related to internal reinsurance transactions between aflac japan and aflac re, and a $53 million increase in amortized hedge income. total adjusted revenues increased in 2023 primarily due to higher total premiums offset by lower adjusted net investment income. in 2023, total benefits and claims increased primarily due to $181 million related to the internal reinsurance transactions between aflac japan and aflac re and $163 million related to a novation agreement under which aflac re assumed the duties, obligations and liabilities through a reinsurance of business alij previously ceded to an external reinsurer, and partially offset by lower incurred claims. total adjusted expenses increased in 2023 primarily due to higher expenses associated with the internal reinsurance transactions between aflac japan and aflac re. pretax adjusted earnings decreased in 2023 primarily due to the increase in total adjusted revenue, which was offset by higher benefits and claims and the increase in total adjusted expenses.
in 2022, net earned premiums decreased primarily due to significant yen weakening. adjusted net investment income increased primarily driven by higher investment returns, $47 million from a lower volume of tax credit investments, and an $11 million increase in amortized hedge income. total adjusted revenues increased primarily due to higher adjusted net
53
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment income. in 2022, total benefits and claims decreased due to lower incurred claims. total adjusted expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to higher employee-related expenses. pretax adjusted earnings increased in 2022 primarily due to the increase in total adjusted revenue, the decrease in total benefits and claims, and was partially offset by the increase in total adjusted expenses.
the parent company invests in partnerships that specialize in rehabilitating historic structures or the installation of solar equipment in order to receive federal historic rehabilitation and solar tax credits. these investments are classified as limited partnerships and included in other investments in the consolidated balance sheets. the change in value of each investment is recorded as a reduction to net investment income. tax credits generated by these investments are recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of earnings.
investments the company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives, and preserving shareholder value. in attempting to optimally balance these objectives, the company seeks to maintain on behalf of aflac japan a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, a u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen and a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated assets. as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. invests in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loans.
for additional information concerning the company's investments, see notes 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the following tables detail investments by segment as of december 31.
investment securities by segment
2023
(in millions)                                                                  aflac japan                 aflac u.s.                 corporate and other                      total available-for-sale, fixed maturity securities,                               $54,983                    $12,884                           $5,423                         $73,290
at fair value held-to-maturity, fixed maturity securities, at amortized cost (1)            17,819                          0                                0                          17,819
equity securities                                                                720                          2                              366                           1,088
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans (1)                                             4,795                      1,011                              192                           5,998
commercial mortgage loans (1)                                                  1,075                        622                                0                           1,697
middle market loans (1)                                                        4,095                        436                                0                           4,531
other loans (1)                                                                  185                        101                               15                             301
other investments:
policy loans                                                                     186                         28                                0                             214
short-term investments (2)                                                       347                        204                              753                           1,304
limited partnerships                                                           2,360                        258                              132                           2,750
real estate owned                                                                180                         47                                0                             227
other                                                                              0                         35                                0                              35
investment in affiliate (3)                                                        0                        439                            (439)                               0
total investments                                                             86,745                     16,067                            6,442                         109,254
cash and cash equivalents                                                      1,861                        651                            1,794                           4,306
total investments and cash                                                   $88,606                    $16,718                           $8,236                        $113,560
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) includes securities lending collateral
(3) for consolidated reporting, aflac u.s.'s investment in aflac re is eliminated in corporate and other item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2022
(in millions)                                                                  aflac japan                 aflac u.s.                 corporate and other                      total available-for-sale, fixed maturity securities,                               $61,615                    $12,231                           $1,895                         $75,741
at fair value held-to-maturity, fixed maturity securities, at amortized cost (1)            19,056                          0                                0                          19,056
equity securities                                                                650                         51                              390                           1,091
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans (1)                                             5,133                      1,140                              182                           6,455
commercial mortgage loans (1)                                                  1,142                        633                                0                           1,775
middle market loans (1)                                                        4,557                        471                                0                           5,028
other loans (1)                                                                  127                         96                               15                             238
other investments:
policy loans                                                                     190                         24                                0                             214
short-term investments (2)                                                       319                        184                            1,029                           1,532
limited partnerships                                                           1,900                        208                              182                           2,290
other                                                                              0                         34                                0                              34
investment in affiliate (3)                                                        0                        195                            (195)                               0
total investments                                                             94,689                     15,267                            3,498                         113,454
cash and cash equivalents                                                      1,601                        720                            1,622                           3,943
total investments and cash                                                   $96,290                    $15,987                           $5,120                        $117,397
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) includes securities lending collateral
(3) for consolidated reporting, aflac u.s.'s investment in aflac re is eliminated in corporate and other in recent quarters, the company has noted a trend indicating a gradual strain in the valuations of the commercial real estate market in the united states, with specific concerns regarding office space. the company monitors this trend and its impact on the valuations of the company's transitional real estate loans (tres), commercial mortgage loans (cmls) and related underlying commercial properties.
within the commercial mortgage and other loans category, the company has invested in a variety of loans including tres and cmls that are collateralized by commercial real estate, including some that are designed as office space. the company considers these investments to be well diversified by geography and among property types. further, the company believes that the portfolio is generally well positioned with exposures concentrated in high quality underlying properties with institutional investors who are positioned to manage their assets during periods of market volatility.
the company has invested in certain tres that are currently in default of interest or maturity payments. the company continues to work with the borrowers to resolve these specific situations through loan continuance with potential modifications, or through the process of foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. during 2023, the company took possession of certain commercial real estate properties securing defaulted loans through foreclosure and deed in lieu of foreclosure. properties acquired by the company through foreclosure and deed in lieu of foreclosure are reported as real estate owned (reo) in other investments in the consolidated balance sheet.
the company utilizes third-party asset managers to source, underwrite and manage each loan. the company closely monitors the activities of these managers. in the event that a loan workout is necessary, the company believes these external managers have the experience and resources to manage the process to maximize recovery.
the company also monitors its commercial mortgage and other loan investments internally on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans' credit quality indicators and payment status as current, past due, restructured or under foreclosure. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information concerning credit quality indicators, information on loans that are on nonaccrual status, and reo obtained through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. see also part i, item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of risk factors associated with the company's investments.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the ratings of the company's securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major rating organizations such as moody's, standard & poor's and fitch or, if not rated, are determined based on the company's internal analysis of such securities. when the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, the company utilizes the second lowest rating when three or more rating agency ratings are available or the lowest rating when only two rating agency ratings are available.
the distributions of fixed maturity securities the company owns, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of fixed maturity securities by credit rating
2023                                                                          2022
amortized                                      fair                           amortized                                      fair cost                                     value                                cost                                     value aaa                             1.6   %                                      1.6   %                          1.6   %                                      1.5   %
aa                              5.7                                          5.9                              5.2                                          5.3
a                              68.1                                         67.2                             68.0                                         68.1
bbb                            22.9                                         23.5                             23.0                                         22.9
bb or lower                     1.7                                          1.8                              2.2                                          2.2
total                         100.0   %                                    100.0   %                        100.0   %                                    100.0   %
as of december 31, 2023, the company's direct and indirect exposure to securities in its investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
the following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in the company's portfolio as of december 31, 2023.
(in millions)                    credit                                                  amortized                           fair   unrealized loss rating                                                       cost                          value autostrade per litalia spa                bbb                                 $140                               $109                             $(31)
klm royal dutch airlines                  b                                    135                                105                              (30)
urban renaissance agency                  a                                    172                                144                              (28)
jp morgan chase and co.                   a                                    195                                168                              (27)
prologis lp                               a                                    161                                137                              (24)
banco de chile                            a                                    141                                120                              (21)
citigroup inc                             a                                    165                                147                              (18)
vasakronan ab                             a                                    120                                102                              (18)
credit suisse group ag                    a                                     71                                 53                              (18)
nippon prologis reit inc.                 a                                     71                                 54                              (17)
generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. the company believes these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest. see the unrealized investment gains and losses section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions and other corporate investments.
below-investment-grade securities the company's portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. the following is the company's below-investment-grade exposure at december 31.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations below-investment-grade investments
2023
(in millions)                                          par                amortizedcost (1)                     fair                 unrealized value                                                     value                       gain
(loss)
investcorp capital limited                        $240                         $240                         $227                    $(13)
commerzbank                                        176                          142                          202                       60
telecom italia spa                                 141                          141                          182                       41
klm royal dutch airlines                           141                          135                          105                     (30)
ikb deutsche industriebank ag                       92                           46                           75                       29
generalitat de catalunya                            56                           24                           55                       31
national gas co. trinidad &amp; tobago              52                           50                           47                      (3)
commonwealth of the bahamas                         43                           42                           35                      (7)
hawaiian electric industries inc                                                                                                      (8)
walgreens boots alliance inc.                                                    27                           27                        0
other issuers                                       24                           26                           25                      (1)
subtotal (2)                                     1,029                          909                        1,008                       99
high yield corporate bonds                         710                          571                          662                       91
middle market loans                              4,244                        4,065                        4,037                     (28)
grand total                                     $5,983                       $5,545                       $5,707                     $162
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade the company invests in middle market loans primarily to u.s. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. the objectives of this program include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets.
the company maintains an allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the aflac japan and aflac u.s. portfolios. most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but the company also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. the objective of this allocation was to enhance the company's yield on invested assets and further diversify credit risk. all investments in this program must have a minimum rating at purchase of low bb using the company's above described rating methodology and are managed by the company's internal credit portfolio management team.
57
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations fixed maturity securities by sector the company maintains diversification in investments by sector to avoid concentrations to any one sector, thus managing exposure risk. the following table shows the distribution of fixed maturities by sector classification as of december 31.
2023
(in millions)                                                        amortized cost (1)                 gross unrealized gains                gross unrealized losses                 fair value                        % of total government and agencies                                                   $40,341                             $2,788                               $(1,700)                        $41,429                          45.6   %
municipalities                                                              2,480                                221                                   (96)                          2,605                           2.8
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                                       2,963                                190                                   (67)                          3,086                           3.3
public utilities                                                            7,137                                689                                  (196)                          7,630                           8.1
electric                                                                    5,888                                567                                  (123)                          6,332                           6.7
natural gas                                                                   698                                 78                                   (38)                            738                            .8
other                                                                         551                                 44                                   (35)                            560                            .6
sovereign and supranational                                                   913                                101                                   (15)                            999                           1.1
banks/financial institutions                                                8,572                                679                                  (416)                          8,835                           9.6
banking                                                                     5,127                                448                                  (227)                          5,348                           5.8
insurance                                                                   1,723                                156                                   (63)                          1,816                           1.9
other                                                                       1,722                                 75                                  (126)                          1,671                           1.9
other corporate                                                            26,102                              3,220                                  (959)                         28,363                          29.5
basic industry                                                              2,241                                338                                   (83)                          2,496                           2.5
capital goods                                                               3,259                                334                                  (127)                          3,466                           3.7
communications                                                              2,823                                466                                   (46)                          3,243                           3.2
consumer cyclical                                                           2,010                                246                                   (36)                          2,220                           2.3
consumer non-cyclical                                                       5,963                                693                                  (227)                          6,429                           6.7
energy                                                                      2,177                                410                                   (38)                          2,550                           2.5
other                                                                       1,163                                 90                                   (87)                          1,166                           1.3
technology                                                                  3,496                                271                                  (143)                          3,623                           3.9
transportation                                                              2,970                                372                                  (172)                          3,170                           3.4
total fixed maturity securities                                           $88,508                             $7,888                               $(3,449)                        $92,947                         100.0   %
(1) net of allowance for credit losses securities by type of issuance the company has investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. the company's ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer.
58
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of december 31.
investment securities by type of issuance
2023                                                                              2022
(in millions)                                              amortizedcost (1)                                      fair                       amortizedcost (1)                                      fair value                                                                             value publicly issued securities:
fixed maturity securities                            $72,218                                       $75,622                             $77,176                                       $79,090
equity securities                                        838                                           838                                 882                                           882
total publicly issued                                 73,056                                        76,460                              78,058                                        79,972
privately issued securities: (2)
fixed maturity securities (3)                         16,290                                        17,325                              17,349                                        17,861
equity securities                                        250                                           250                                 209                                           209
total privately issued                                16,540                                        17,575                              17,558                                        18,070
total investment securities                          $89,596                                       $94,035                             $95,616                                       $98,042
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) primarily consists of securities owned by aflac japan
(3) excludes rule 144a securities the following table details the company's reverse-dual currency securities as of december 31.
reverse-dual currency securities(1)
(amortized cost, in millions)                                                             2023                     2022
privately issued reverse-dual currency securities                                   $3,740                   $4,049
publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities            1,232                    1,383
total reverse-dual currency securities                                              $4,972                   $5,432
reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment                   5.5   %                  5.7   %
securities
(1)principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars aflac japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds. aflac japan's investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing the company to improve asset/liability matching and overall investment returns. these securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. many of these investments have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. these may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of the company's notes.
hedging activities the company uses derivative contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk. the company uses various strategies, including derivatives, to manage these risks. see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information about market risk and the company's use of derivatives.
derivatives are designed to reduce risk on an economic basis while minimizing the impact on financial results. the company's derivatives programs vary depending on the type of risk being hedged. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for:
a description of the company's derivatives, hedging strategies and underlying risk exposure.
information about the notional amount and fair market value of the company's derivatives.
the unrealized and realized gains and losses impact on adjusted earnings of derivatives in cash flow, fair value, net investments in foreign operations, or non-qualifying hedging relationships.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations foreign currency exchange rate risk hedge program the company has deployed the following hedging strategies to mitigate exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk:
aflac japan hedges u.s. dollar-denominated investments back to yen (see aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program below).
aflac japan maintains certain unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan (see aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program below).
the parent company designates yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and loans) as non-derivative hedging instruments and designates certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of the company's net investment in aflac japan (see enterprise corporate hedging program below).
the parent company enters into forward and option contracts to accomplish a dual objective of hedging foreign currency exchange rate risk related to dividend payments by its subsidiary, alij, and reducing enterprise-wide hedge costs (see enterprise corporate hedging program below).
the following table presents metrics related to aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program and the parent company's enterprise corporate hedging program, including associated amortized hedge costs/income, for the years ended december 31. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of amortized hedge costs/income.
2023                                                                                                       2022                 2021
aflac japan:
fx forwards fx forward (sell usd, buy yen) notional at end of period (in billions) (1)            $0.0                 $4.1                 $6.4
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                               $(88)                $(44)                $(55)
fx options fx option notional at the end of period (in billions) (1)                            $24.7                $13.5                $11.6
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                               $(69)                $(68)                $(22)
corporate and other (parent company):
fx forwards fx forward (buy usd, sell yen) notional at end of period (in billions)(1)             $2.6                 $5.0                 $5.0
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                                $126                  $71                  $62
fx options fx option notional at the end of period (in billions) (1)                             $0.5                 $2.6                 $1.9
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                                $(5)                 $(3)                 $(5)
(1) notional is reported net of any offsetting positions within aflac japan or the parent company, respectively.
amortized hedge costs/income can fluctuate based upon many factors, including the derivative notional amount, the length of time of the derivative contract, changes in both u.s. and japan interest rates, and supply and demand for dollar funding. amortized hedge costs/income have fluctuated in recent periods due to changes in the previously mentioned factors.
aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program (u.s. dollar program)
aflac japan buys u.s. dollar-denominated investments, typically corporate bonds, and hedges them back to yen with foreign currency forwards and options to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk. this economically creates yen assets that match yen liabilities during the life of the derivative and provides favorable capital treatment under the japan smr calculations. the currency risk being hedged is generally based on fair value of hedged investments. the following table summarizes the u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan as of december 31.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2023                                                                                                                                                      2022
(in millions)                                                           amortized cost (1)            fair                  amortized cost (1)            fair value                                               value available-for-sale securities:
fixed maturity securities                                                 $10,924              $12,918                        $14,321              $15,191
equity securities                                                              22                   22                             33                   33
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans (floating rate)                              4,795                4,829                          5,133                5,088
commercial mortgage and other loans                                         1,075                  948                          1,031                  896
middle market loans (floating rate)                                         4,095                4,065                          4,557                4,545
other loans                                                                   112                  111                            238                  233
other investments                                                           2,361                2,361                          1,899                1,899
total u.s. dollar program                                                  23,384               25,254                         27,212               27,885
available-for-sale securities:
fixed maturity securities - economically converted to yen                   2,081                2,902                          2,209                2,795
total u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan                  $25,465              $28,156                        $29,421              $30,680
(1) net of allowance for credit losses the u.s. dollar program includes all u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan other than the investments in certain consolidated vies where the instrument is economically converted to yen as a result of a derivative in the consolidated vie. the company uses one-sided foreign currency put options to mitigate the settlement risk on u.s. dollar-denominated assets related to extreme foreign currency rate changes. from time to time, aflac japan also maintains a collar program on a portion of its u.s. dollar program to mitigate against more extreme moves in foreign exchange and therefore support smr. as of december 31, 2023, there were no collars in aflac japan, and none of the company's foreign currency options hedging aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated assets were in-the-money.
as of december 31, 2023, the fair value of aflac japan's unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated portfolio was $484 million (excluding certain u.s. dollar-denominated assets shown in the table above as a result of consolidation that have been economically converted to yen using derivatives).
foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. the following table presents the settlements associated with the company's currency derivatives used for hedging aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                       2023            2022                    2021
net cash inflows (outflows)         $(598)                   $(757)                    $66
enterprise corporate hedging program the company has designated certain yen-denominated liabilities and foreign currency forwards and options of the parent company as accounting hedges of its net investment in aflac japan. the company's consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at $6.8 billion as of december 31, 2023, with hedging instruments comprised of $3.7 billion of yen-denominated debt and $3.1 billion of foreign currency forwards and options, compared with $11.6 billion as of december 31, 2022, with hedging instruments comprised of $4.0 billion of yen-denominated debt and $7.6 billion of foreign currency forwards and options.
the company makes its accounting designation of net investment hedge at the beginning of each quarter. if the total of the designated parent company non-derivative and derivative notional is equal to or less than the company's net investment in aflac japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the currency exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. the company's net investment hedge was effective during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. for additional information on the company's net investment hedging strategy, see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
in order to economically mitigate risks associated with the enterprise-wide exposure to the yen and the level and volatility of hedge costs, the parent company enters into foreign currency forward and option contracts. by buying u.s. dollars and
61
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations selling yen, the parent company is effectively lowering its overall economic exposure to the yen, while aflac japan's u.s. dollar exposure remains reduced as a result of aflac japan's u.s. dollar program that economically creates yen assets. among other objectives, this strategy is intended to offset the enterprise-wide amortized hedge costs by generating amortized hedge income. this activity is reported in corporate and other. the company continually evaluates the program's efficacy.
as part of the company's internal reinsurance platform, aflac re enters into foreign currency forwards with the parent company, and may enter into such forwards with third parties, to economically manage the currency mismatch between aflac re's assets, which are mostly denominated in u.s. dollars, and liabilities, which are mostly denominated in yen, in order to support and optimize bma capital requirements. for additional information on the company's internal reinsurance platform, see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the liquidity and capital resources section of this md&a.
interest rate risk hedge program aflac japan and aflac u.s. use interest rate swaps from time to time to mitigate the risk of investment income volatility for certain variable-rate investments. in 2022, the company expanded the use of interest rate swaps for this hedging strategy. additionally, to manage interest rate risk associated with its u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan, from time to time the company utilizes interest rate swaptions.
for additional discussion of the risks associated with the foreign currency exposure refer to the currency risk section in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, and item 1a. specifically to the risk factors titled "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity."
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's hedging activities.
policy liabilities the following table presents policy liabilities by segment and in total for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                            2023                    2022
japan segment:
future policy benefits                            $73,638                  $77,733
other policy liabilities                            7,529                    8,355
total japan policy liabilities                     81,167                   86,088
u.s. segment:
future policy benefits                             11,234                   10,870
other policy liabilities                              365                      317
total u.s. policy liabilities                      11,600                   11,187
consolidated:
future policy benefits                             83,718                   88,241
other policy liabilities                            7,881                    8,669
total consolidated policy liabilities (1)         $91,599                  $96,910
(1) the sum of the japan and u.s. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.
prior-year amounts have been adjusted for the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2023 related to accounting for long-duration insurance contracts.
see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's policy liabilities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations benefit plans aflac japan and aflac u.s. have various benefit plans. for additional information on the company's japanese and u.s. plans, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder protection policyholder protection corporation the japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. legislation enacted regarding the framework of the life insurance policyholder protection corporation (lippc) included government fiscal measures supporting the lippc. in march 2022, japan's diet passed legislation that extended the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2027. in march 2022, the lippc reached the required balance for the total life industry of 400 billion as specified by its articles of incorporation. as a result, additional contributions are not expected to be required unless the balance is reduced due to payments made by the lippc to the policyholders of insolvent insurers. accordingly, aflac japan did not recognize an expense for lippc assessments for the year ended december 31, 2023. aflac japan recognized an expense of .9 billion and 1.8 billion for lippc assessments for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
guaranty fund assessments under u.s. state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. the amount of the guaranty fund assessment that an insurer is assessed is based on its proportionate share of premiums in that state. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on guaranty fund assessments. guaranty fund assessments for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the payment obligations of the company. capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operations of the businesses, fund business growth and provide for an ability to withstand adverse circumstances. financial leverage (leverage) refers to an investment strategy of using debt to increase the potential roe. the company targets and actively manages liquidity, capital and leverage in the context of a number of considerations, including:
business investment and growth needs
strategic growth objectives
financial flexibility and obligations
capital support for hedging activity
a constantly evolving business and economic environment
a balanced approach to capital allocation and shareholder deployment.
the governance framework supporting liquidity, capital and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve all significant capital related decisions.
the company's cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which have minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure. the target minimum amount for the parent company's cash and cash equivalents is approximately $1.8 billion to provide a capital buffer and liquidity support at the holding company. the company remains committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. at december 31, 2023, the company held $4.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents for stress conditions, which includes the parent company's target minimum amount of $1.8 billion.
aflac japan and aflac u.s. generate cash flows from their operations and provide the primary sources of liquidity to the parent company through management fees and dividends, with aflac japan being the largest contributor. the primary uses of cash by the parent company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock, interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the amounts provided to the parent company for the years ended december 31.
liquidity provided by subsidiaries to parent company
(in millions)                                             2023   2022                  2021
management fees paid by subsidiaries                  $151                   $136                  $130
dividends declared or paid by subsidiaries           3,516                  3,006                 2,791
the following table details aflac japan remittances, which are included in the totals above, for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan remittances
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)                                            2023   2022                     2021
aflac japan management fees paid to parent company                                   $67                       $61                      $59
aflac japan dividends declared or paid to parent company (in dollars)              2,623                     2,412                    2,138
aflac japan dividends declared or paid to parent company (in yen)                 374.7                    324.2                   236.7
the company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the parent company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the company's hedge costs and related potential need for collateral and mitigating against long-term weakening of the japanese yen. further, the company plans to continue to maintain a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments at aflac japan and to consider whether the amount of such investments should be increased or decreased relative to the company's view of economic equity surplus in aflac japan in light of potentially rising hedge costs and other factors. see the hedging activities subsection of this md&a for additional information.
the company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
in addition to cash and cash equivalents, the company also maintains credit facilities, both intercompany and with external partners, and a number of other available tools to support liquidity needs on a global basis. in september 2021, the parent company filed a shelf registration statement with the sec that allows the company to issue an indefinite amount of debt securities, in one or more series, from time to time until september 2024. the company believes outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. the company was in compliance with all of the covenants of its notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2023. for additional information, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
as part of enterprise-wide capital management and optimization, the company also utilizes the newly-created intercompany reinsurance platform to execute internal reinsurance transactions with aflac re. for additional information, see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the estimated payments of the company's material cash requirements from known contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023. the company translated its yen-denominated obligations using the december 31, 2023, exchange rate. actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
(in millions)                                             totalliability(1)                       total                 short-term payments                  long-term payments payments future policy benefits liability (note 7)(2)                $83,718                       $193,058                          $8,740                            $184,318
other policyholders' funds (note 7)(3)                        6,169                          6,652                             375                               6,277
long-term debt - principal (note 9)                           7,240                          7,293                               0                               7,293
long-term debt - interest (note 9)                               44                          2,516                             169                               2,347
cash collateral on loaned securities (note 3)                 1,503                          1,503                           1,503                                   0
operating service agreements (note 15)                                  n/a                    284                             159                                 125
operating lease obligations (note 9)                            118                            123                              39                                  84
finance lease obligations (note 9)                                6                              6                               3                                   3
total contractual obligations                               $98,798                       $211,435                         $10,988                            $200,447
(1) liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2023.
(2) the estimated payments reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits and certain related expenses using assumptions aligned with the company's experience on policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions. these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest, and future premium payments received from policyholders are not included. therefore, the sum of the cash outflows exceeds the corresponding liability amount. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(3) these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows exceeds the corresponding liability amount.
for additional information on the company's major contractual obligations, see the applicable note in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as indicated in the line items in the table above.
the company's consolidated financial statements convey its financing arrangements during the periods presented. the company has not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in its balance sheet or disclosed therein. as of december 31, 2023, the company had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. the company has not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. see notes 1, 3, and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's securities lending and derivative activities. with the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes and the risk factors entitled, "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity," the company is not aware of any trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in its liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount.
consolidated cash flows the company consistently generates positive cash flows from operations, and has the ability to adjust cash flow management from other sources of liquidity including reinvestment cash flows and selling investments in order to meet short-term cash needs.
the company translates cash flows for aflac japan's yen-denominated items into u.s. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. in years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                               2023                      2022   2021
operating activities                                  $3,190                     $3,879                  $5,051
investing activities                                     817                    (1,540)                 (2,378)
financing activities                                 (3,723)                    (3,551)                 (2,739)
exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents              79                        104                    (24)
net change in cash and cash equivalents                 $363                   $(1,108)                   $(90)
operating activities the principal cash inflows for the company's insurance activities come from insurance premiums and investment income. the principal cash outflows are the result of policy claims, operating expenses, income tax, as well as interest expense. as a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments.
the company expects its future cash flows from premiums and investment portfolios to be sufficient to meet its cash needs for benefits and expenses. consolidated cash flow from operations decreased 17.8% in 2023, compared with 2022, and decreased 23.2% in 2022, compared with 2021.
investing activities the company's investment objectives provide for liquidity primarily through the purchase of publicly traded investment-grade debt securities. prudent portfolio management dictates that the company attempts to match the duration of its assets with the duration of its liabilities. currently, when the company's fixed maturity securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, the long-term nature of the company's business and its strong cash flows provide the company with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. from time to time or when market opportunities arise, the company disposes of selected fixed maturity securities that are available-for-sale to improve the duration matching of assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance its portfolio. as a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year.
as part of its overall corporate strategy, the company has committed $400 million to aflac ventures, llc (aflac ventures), as opportunities emerge. as of december 31, 2023, of the $400 million committed, approximately $281 million has been deployed. aflac ventures is a subsidiary of aflac global ventures, llc (aflac global ventures) which is reported in corporate and other. the central mission of aflac global ventures is to support the organic growth and business development needs of aflac japan and aflac u.s. with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve the customer experience, gain efficiencies, and develop new markets in an effort to enhance and defend long-term shareholder value. investments are included in equity securities or the other investments line in the consolidated balance sheets.
as part of an arrangement with federal home loan bank of atlanta (fhlb), aflac u.s. obtains low-cost funding from fhlb supported by acceptable forms of collateral pledged by aflac u.s. in 2023, aflac u.s. borrowed and repaid $223 million under this program. as of december 31, 2023, aflac u.s. had outstanding borrowings of $505 million reported in its balance sheet.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for details on certain investment commitments.
financing activities cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of share repurchases, dividends to shareholders and from time to time debt issuances and redemptions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in december 2023, alij issued 30.0 billion (par value) of subordinated bonds that will mature in december 2053. the bonds bear interest at an initial rate of 1.958% per annum until december 5, 2028. thereafter, the rate of interest of the bonds will be reset every five years to a rate of interest equal to the then-current five-year jgb rate plus (i) 1.650% per annum on and after the day immediately following december 5, 2028 to december 5, 2033, and (ii) 2.650% per annum on and after the day immediately following december 5, 2033 to december 5, 2053. the bonds are redeemable, in whole but not in part, (i) at any time upon the occurrence of certain regulatory or tax events, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the bonds or (ii) on each interest rate reset date on or after december 5, 2028.
in october 2022, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from its september 2022 issuance of various series of senior notes to redeem $450 million of its 3.25% senior notes due march 2025.
in september 2022, the parent company issued four series of senior notes totaling 73.0 billion through a public debt offering under its u.s. shelf registration statement. the first series, which totaled 33.4 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.075% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in september 2029. the second series, which totaled 21.1 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.320% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in december 2032. the third series, which totaled 6.5 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.594% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in september 2037. the fourth series, which totaled 12.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.144% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in september 2052. these notes are redeemable at the parent company's option at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance. in addition, the notes maturing in september 2029, december 2032 and september 2037 are redeemable at the parent company's option, in whole or in part from time to time, on or after june 14, 2029, june 14, 2032 and march 14, 2037, respectively, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount of the applicable series to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
in september 2022, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from its september 2022 issuance of various series of senior notes and the august 2022 senior term loan facility to redeem $750 million of its 3.625% senior notes due november 2024.
in august 2022, the parent company renewed a senior term loan facility with a commitment amount totaling 107.0 billion. the first tranche of the facility, which totaled 11.7 billion, bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the tokyo interbank market rate (tibor), or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin and will mature in august 2027. the applicable margin ranges between .225% and .625%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the second tranche, which totaled 25.3 billion, bears interest at a rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin and will mature in august 2029. the applicable margin ranges between .325% and .725%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the third tranche, which totaled 70.0 billion, bears interest at a rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin and will mature in august 2032. the applicable margin ranges between .475% and 1.025%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.
in may 2021, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from the april 2021 issuance of its various series of senior notes to redeem $700 million of its 3.625% senior notes due june 2023.
in april 2021, the parent company issued five series of senior notes totaling 82.0 billion through a public debt offering under its then existing u.s. shelf registration statement. the first series, which totaled 30.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .633% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2031. the second series, which totaled 12.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .844% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2033. the third series, which totaled 10.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.039% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2036. the fourth series, which totaled 10.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.264% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2041. the fifth series, which totaled 20.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.560% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2051. the notes are redeemable at the parent company's option (i) at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance or (ii) on or after the date that is six months prior to the stated maturity date of the series, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
in march 2021, the parent company issued $400 million of senior sustainability notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 1.125% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in march 2026. the company intends, but is not contractually committed, to allocate an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds from item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this issuance exclusively to existing or future investments in, or financing of, assets, businesses or projects that meet the eligibility criteria of the company's sustainability bond framework described in the offering documentation in connection with such notes. these notes are redeemable at the parent company's option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or (ii) the amount equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments for principal of and interest on the notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of the payments of interest accrued as of such redemption date, discounted to such redemption date on a semiannual basis at the yield to maturity for a u.s. treasury security with a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes, plus 10 basis points, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, such redemption date.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the debt issuances discussed above.
cash returned to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends was $3.8 billion in 2023, compared with $3.4 billion in 2022 and $3.2 billion in 2021.
the following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended december 31.
treasury stock purchased
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)                  2023                    2022                    2021
treasury stock purchases                                    $2,801                   $2,401                  $2,301
number of shares purchased:
share repurchase program                                    38,896                   39,187                  43,327
other                                                          364                      370                     437
total shares purchased                                      39,260                   39,557                  43,764
treasury stock issued
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)                2023                  2022                  2021
stock issued from treasury:
cash financing                                               $17                    $17                   $26
noncash financing                                             59                     57                    55
total stock issued from treasury                             $76                    $74                   $81
number of shares issued                                    1,164                  1,341                 1,721
in november 2022, the company's board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 100 million shares of its common stock. as of december 31, 2023, a remaining balance of 77.7 million shares of the company's common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by its board of directors. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
cash dividends paid to shareholders in 2023 of $1.68 per share increased 5.0% over 2022. the 2022 dividend paid of $1.60 per share increased 21.2% over 2021. the following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended december 31.
dividends paid to shareholders
(in millions)                                                  2023                    2022                  2021
dividends paid in cash                                     $966                     $979                  $855
dividends through issuance of treasury shares                37                       37                    32
total dividends to shareholders                          $1,003                   $1,016                  $887
in november 2023, the board of directors announced a 19.0% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, effective with the first quarter of 2024. the first quarter 2024 cash dividend of $.50 per share is payable on march 1, 2024, to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 21, 2024.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations regulatory restrictions aflac japan aflac japan is required to meet certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law in order to provide dividends to the parent company. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary is basically defined as total equity excluding common stock and capital reserves (representing statutorily required amounts in japan) but reduced for net after-tax unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities. these dividend capacity requirements are generally aligned with the smr. japan's fsa maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the smr. aflac japan's smr is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes; therefore, the company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity, including the reduction of subsidiary dividends paid to the parent company and parent company capital contributions. in the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing smr to decline, the company has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the amount of 100 billion as a capital contingency plan. additionally, subject to market conditions, the company expects that it could take action to enter into derivatives on unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments with foreign currency options or forwards or execute additional internal reinsurance transactions with aflac re. see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the company has already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. for example, the company employs policy reserve matching (prm) investment strategies, which is a japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces smr interest rate sensitivity since prm-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. in order for a prm-designated asset to be held at amortized cost, there are certain criteria that must be maintained. the primary criterion relates to maintaining the duration of designated assets and liabilities within a specified tolerance range. if the duration difference is not maintained within the specified range without rebalancing, then a certain portion of the assets must be reclassified as available-for-sale and held at fair value with any associated unrealized gain or loss recorded in surplus. to rebalance, assets may need to be sold in order to maintain the duration with the specified range, resulting in realizing a gain or loss from the sale. for u.s. gaap, prm investments are categorized as available-for-sale. the company also uses foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of its u.s. dollar-denominated investments. see notes 3, 4 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.
aflac japan's smr remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. as of december 31, 2023, aflac japan's smr was 1,219%, compared with 878% at december 31, 2022. the company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings.
the fsa is considering the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime based on the insurance capital standards (ics) for insurance companies in japan. the fsa continues to conduct field testing with insurance companies in japan for the purpose of investigating the impact of the introduction of such regulations. final specifications are expected to be decided in 2024, and a new capital regime to replace the current solvency regime is expected to be introduced in aflac japan's 2025 fiscal year.
aflac u.s.
a life insurance company's statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the naic, as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company's state of domicile. statutory accounting rules are different from u.s. gaap and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. the continued long-term growth of the company's business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of its insurance operations. the company's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, reduced dividends paid to the parent company, capital contributions by the parent company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. the naic's rbc formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. the rbc formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer's operations.
the combined rbc ratio for aflac u.s. as of december 31, 2023 was 710%, compared with 732% as of december 31, 2022. the company calculates its combined rbc ratio to include all u.s. regulated life insurance entities as if a single combined u.s. rbc entity net of intercompany items related to capital resources and risk. the company intends to maintain a target combined rbc over time of approximately 400% for aflac u.s., consistent with the company's risk management practices.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below presents rbc ratios for the company's u.s. life insurance subsidiaries as of december 31, the most recently statutory fiscal year-end for the subsidiaries for which rbc was filed.
2023                                               2022
aflac                    699   %                692   %
caic                     651                  1,056
toic                   2,270                  4,321
aflac new york           836                    859
the naic completed its solvency modernization initiative (smi) process relating to updating the u.s. insurance solvency regulation framework. the smi focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. the naic still has some ongoing initiatives related to smi, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements as well as rbc. the naic utilizes a group capital calculation (gcc) that conceptually uses an rbc aggregation methodology for all entities within the insurance company holding system. the gcc is intended to be a regulatory tool used by regulators as a means to standardize group capital requirements.
aflac, caic and toic are domiciled in nebraska and are subject to its regulations. the ndoi imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances to the parent company. under nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the ndoi is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. dividends declared by aflac during 2024 in excess of $1.1 billion would be considered extraordinary and require such approval. similar laws apply in new york, the domiciliary jurisdiction of aflac new york.
corporate and other aflac re is licensed by the bma as a long-term insurer and is subject to the bermuda insurance act of 1978 (bermuda insurance act). aflac re is required to file an annual return for its bermuda solvency capital requirement (bscr) which utilizes an economic balance sheet (ebs) framework to determine aflac re's enhanced capital requirement (ecr). aflac re is also subject to a minimum margin of solvency (mms) related to its statutory financial statements. the mms is equal to the greater of $500,000, 1.5% of the total statutory assets, or 25% of ecr.
under the ebs framework, aflac re is required to value assets equal to u.s. gaap fair values, and insurance reserves are valued using technical provisions which consist of a best estimate liability plus a risk margin. the best estimate liability can be calculated by applying the standard approach or, with regulatory approval, the scenario-based approach. the standard approach uses discount rates for insurance reserves as prescribed by the bma. the scenario-based approach uses a discount rate based on the yield of eligible assets owned by the insurer as determined using a series of prescribed stress scenarios. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, aflac re was in compliance with the ecr and mms requirements.
under the bermuda insurance act, aflac re is prohibited from paying dividends in an amount that exceeds 25% of the prior year's statutory capital and surplus without an affidavit stating that aflac re will continue to meet its solvency margin. further, aflac re may not reduce its total statutory capital by 15% or more without prior regulatory approval. additionally, aflac re is not permitted to pay any dividends that would cause aflac re to fail to meet its minimum capital requirements.
other for information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
additional information investors should note that the company announces material financial information in its sec filings, press releases and public conference calls. in accordance with sec guidance, the company may also use the investor relations section of the company's website (http://investors.aflac.com) to communicate with investors about the company. it is possible that the financial and other information the company posts there could be deemed to be material information. the information on the company's website is not part of this document. further, the company's references to website urls are intended to be inactive textual references only.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting estimates the company prepares its financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. these principles are established primarily by the fasb. in this md&a, references to u.s. gaap issued by the fasb are derived from the fasb accounting standards codificationtm (asc). the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the company to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. the estimates that the company deems to be most critical to an understanding of its results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, dac, liabilities for future policy benefits, and income taxes. the preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. calculations of dac and the lfpb require the use of estimates based on actuarial valuation techniques. the application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 93% of the company's assets and 80% of its liabilities are reported as of december 31, 2023, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results.
on january 1, 2023, the company adopted accounting standards update (asu) 2018-12, financial services - insurance: targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts (ldti). the update significantly changes how insurers account for long-duration contracts and amends existing recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure requirements applicable to the company related to liabilities for future policy benefits and dac. as part of this adoption, the company measures together all payments under an insurance contract including future expected claims and unpaid policy claims and related expenses, as an integrated reserve. this resulted in unpaid policy claims on long-duration insurance contracts and accrued claim adjustment expenses that were presented separately in the company's consolidated balance sheets pre-adoption to now be presented as part of liabilities for future policy benefits.
valuation of investments, including derivatives the company's investments, primarily consisting of debt and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. for publicly issued securities, the company determines the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third-party pricing vendors. for the majority of privately issued securities and derivatives associated with vies within the company's investment portfolio, a third-party pricing vendor has developed valuation models that the company utilizes to determine fair values. these models and associated processes and controls are executed by company personnel. for the remaining privately issued securities, the company uses non-binding price quotes from outside brokers. the company's valuation model for private placements explicitly incorporates currency basis swap adjustments (market observable data) to assumed interest rate curves where appropriate.
the company estimates the fair values of its securities on a monthly basis. the company monitors the estimated fair values obtained from its pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. the company also periodically discusses with its pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. if a fair value appears unreasonable, the company will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. additionally, the company may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. based on management's analysis, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. the company has performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value. inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility.
the company estimates an expected lifetime credit loss on investments measured at amortized cost including held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, loan receivables and loan commitments on a quarterly basis. for the company's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, the company evaluates estimated credit losses only when the fair value of the available-for-sale fixed maturity security is below its amortized cost basis the company's approach to estimating credit losses is complex and incorporates significant judgments. in addition to a security, or an asset class, or an issuer-specific credit fundamentals, it considers past events, current economic conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. the company's estimates are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations see the tabular disclosure entitled "sensitivity of fair values of financial instruments to interest rate change" in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deferred policy acquisition costs and liability for future policy benefits substantially all of the supplemental health and life insurance policies the company issues are classified as long-duration contracts. the contract provisions generally cannot be changed or canceled during the contract period; however, the company may adjust premiums for supplemental health policies issued in the u.s. within prescribed guidelines and with the approval of state insurance regulatory authorities.
insurance premiums for most of the company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, supplemental dental and vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as earned premiums over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. when earned premiums are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues. this association is accomplished by means of annual increases or decreases to the lfpb and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs.
premiums from the company's products with limited-pay features, including cancer, medical and nursing care, term life, whole life, ways, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the contract term (i.e., the period during which benefits are provided). premiums for these products are recognized as earned premiums over the premium-paying periods when due from policyholders. any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded as a deferred profit liability, a component of the lfpb, which is subsequently amortized in net earned premiums such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. an lfpb is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method.
deferred policy acquisition costs amortization of dac is computed using the same contract groupings (also referred to as cohorts) and mortality and termination assumptions that are used in computing the lfpb and these assumptions are reviewed and updated at least annually. the effects of changes in assumptions are recognized prospectively over the remaining contract term as a revision of the future amortization pattern, while current period amortization is calculated based on the actual experience during the quarter. for additional information, see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
liability for future policy benefits the company's lfpb is determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under u.s. gaap and actuarial standards of practice and represent claims that are expected to occur in the future and already incurred claims (which represent claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to the company) and are measured using the net level premium method. future policy benefits are calculated using assumptions and estimates including mortality, morbidity, termination (also referred to as lapses), expense, and discount rates. the assumptions and estimates that the company uses depend on its judgment regarding the likelihood of future events and are inherently uncertain.
cash flow assumptions (mortality, morbidity, and termination) are established at policy inception and are evaluated each quarter to determine if an update is needed. to facilitate a more detailed review of cash flow assumptions, experience studies are performed annually during the third quarter. changes in cash flow assumptions are recognized in reserve remeasurement (gains) losses in the consolidated statements of earnings. expense assumptions are established at policy inception and are not updated. actual experience is reflected in the calculation of future policy benefits each quarter, and changes in the liability due to actual experience are recognized in reserve remeasurement (gains) losses in the consolidated statements of earnings.
discount rates used to calculate net premiums are locked in at policy inception and represent the basis to recognize interest expense in the consolidated statements of earnings. discount rates used to measure the carrying value of lfpb in the consolidated balance sheets are updated each reporting period, and the differences between the liability balances calculated using the locked-in discount rates and the updated discount rates are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (aoci). the discount rate methodology is designed to prioritize observable inputs based on market data available in the local debt markets where the respective policies were issued in the currency in which the policies are denominated. for the discount rates applicable to tenors for which the single-a debt market is not liquid or there is little or no observable market data, the company uses various estimation techniques consistent with the fair value item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations guidance in asc 820 - fair value measurement, which include, but are not limited to: (i) for tenors where there is less observable market data and/or the observable market data is available for similar instruments, estimating tenor-specific single-a credit spreads and applying them to risk-free government rates; (ii) for tenors where there is very limited or no observable single-a or similar market data, interpolation and extrapolation techniques.
if interest rates decreased by 100 basis points, the company's lfpb balance as of december 31, 2023 would increase by $12.7 billion, and if interest rates increased by 100 basis points the company's lfpb balance as of december 31, 2023 would decrease by $9.9 billion.
for additional information on future policy benefits, see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing the company's income tax returns. deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the company expects the temporary differences to reverse. the evaluation of a tax position in accordance with u.s. gaap is a two-step process. under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. the determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.
in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the company's management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event the company determines it is not more likely than not that it will be able to realize all or part of its deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the company's tax planning strategies and in particular the company's ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. the company's judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
aflac japan holds certain u.s. dollar-denominated assets in a dst. these assets are mostly comprised of various u.s. dollar-denominated commercial mortgage loans. the functional currency of the dst for u.s. tax purposes was historically the japanese yen. in 2022, the company requested a change in tax accounting method through the internal revenue service's automatic consent procedures to change the functional currency of the dst for u.s. tax purposes to the u.s. dollar. as a result, foreign currency translation gains or losses on assets held in the dst are no longer recognized for u.s. tax purposes. the company historically recorded a deferred tax liability for foreign currency translation gains on the dst assets, which was released in the third quarter of 2022 as a result of the functional currency change. the release of the deferred tax liability resulted in the company recognizing an income tax benefit of $174 million in 2023 and $452 million in 2022.
an increase or decrease in the company's effective tax rate by one percentage point would have resulted in an increase or decrease in the company's 2023 income tax expense of $43 million.
for additional information on income taxes, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in this report.
new accounting pronouncements on january 1, 2023, the company adopted ldti employing a modified retrospective transition method, which required the amended guidance be applied as of the beginning of the earliest period presented beginning on the january 1, 2021 transition date (transition date). the transition date impact from adoption resulted in a decrease in aoci of approximately $18.6 billion and a decrease in retained earnings of approximately $0.3 billion.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on the company's financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
