item 1a. risk factors the following are important factors that could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k or presented elsewhere by management from time to time.
financial and operational risks slowing revenue growth has in the past and may continue to negatively impact our profitability and stock price.
the overall revenue growth we have enjoyed in recent years may not continue in future periods and could decline, which could negatively impact our profitability and stock price. our ability to generate revenue depends on the amount of services we deliver, continued growth in demand for our security, delivery and compute solutions and our ability to maintain the prices we charge for them.
revenue we generate from our delivery solutions is impacted by pricing pressure due to competition and fluctuations in content traffic as a result of, among other factors, changes in the popularity of our customers' content including video delivery and gaming. for example, revenue from our delivery solutions increased significantly in 2020 due in large part to greater consumption of online media and games during the onset of the covid-19 pandemic and the associated stay-at-home orders across the globe. however, as these orders were lifted and more return-to-work policies were adopted, our revenue from delivery solutions declined. we have continued to experience revenue declines in our delivery solutions and expect this trend to continue in the near future.
our security solutions currently generate the largest portion of our revenue. our ability to generate revenue in our security business depends on our ability to increase our industry recognition as a provider of security solutions, develop or acquire new solutions in a rapidly-changing environment where security threats are constantly evolving and ensure that our solutions operate effectively and are competitive with products offered by others.
in addition, an increasing proportion of our revenue has been generated by our compute solutions. our ability to generate revenue in our compute business is dependent on our ability to successfully continue building our compute infrastructure, attract a customer base that has traditionally partnered with more established companies in the compute industry and develop effective, price competitive and attractive solutions.
if we are unable to increase revenues, our profitability and stock price could suffer. see the risk factor titled, "global conditions have in the past and may in the future harm our industry, business and results of operations" below.
global conditions have in the past and may in the future harm our industry, business and results of operations.
we operate globally and as a result, our business, revenues and profitability are impacted by global macroeconomic conditions. the success of our activities is affected by general economic and market conditions, including, among others, inflation, interest rates, tax rates, economic uncertainty, political instability, warfare, changes in laws, trade barriers, the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of financial institutions, reduced consumer confidence and spending and economic and trade sanctions. for example, approximately 1% of our 2021 revenue had been generated from traffic into russia, belarus and ukraine, and we experienced a decline in revenue in 2022 and 2023 related to the war in ukraine due to a decrease in traffic in these countries. in addition, due to changes in international tax laws, we expect our effective income tax rate will increase in 2024. the u.s. capital markets have experienced and may continue to experience extreme volatility and disruption in the recent past. furthermore, inflation rates in the u.s. have recently increased to levels not seen in decades. such economic volatility has in the past and could in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and future market disruptions could negatively impact us. for example, these unfavorable economic conditions could increase our operating costs, which could negatively impact our profitability. geopolitical destabilization and warfare have impacted and could continue to impact global currency exchange rates, resources from our suppliers, and our ability to operate or grow our business. in addition, we have recently experienced rising energy costs in areas in which we operate, particularly in europe.
additionally, we have offices and employees located in regions that historically have and may again experience periods of political instability, warfare, changes in laws, trade barriers and economic and trade sanctions. adverse conditions in these countries have in the past and may in the future affect our operations, including disruptions to our workforce, supply chains, networks, financial systems and other critical infrastructure, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. for example, approximately five percent of our global employees are located in tel aviv, table of contents israel and some of our employees have been mobilized as members of the israeli military reserves. the ongoing war could cause harm to our employees or otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time.
failure to control expenses could reduce our profitability, which would negatively impact our stock price.
maintaining or improving our profitability depends both on our ability to increase our revenue and limit our expenses. we base our decisions about expense levels and investments on estimates of our future revenue and future anticipated rates of growth and may incur varying levels of expense based on strategic initiatives, including acquisitions and the build out of our network to support our compute solutions. in addition, many of our expenses are fixed costs for a certain amount of time which may impact our ability to reduce costs in a timely manner or without incurring additional costs. if we are unable to increase revenue and limit expenses, our results of operations will suffer. we have in the past and may in the future take certain steps to reduce expenses, however, there are no assurances that we will be able to effectively reduce our expenses and such actions may negatively affect our ability to invest in our business for innovation, systems improvements and other initiatives.
if we do not develop or acquire new solutions that are attractive to our customers, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected.
innovation is important to our future success. in particular, as security and compute solutions have become, and are expected to continue to be, an important part of our business, we must be particularly adept at developing new security solutions that meet the constantly-changing threat landscape and compute and compute-to-edge solutions that meet the needs of professional users and enterprises looking to increase the utility of the internet for their business.
the process of developing new solutions and product enhancements is complex, lengthy and uncertain and has become increasingly complex due to the sophistication of our customers' needs. the development timetable is uncertain and we may commit significant resources to developing solutions for which a viable market may not ultimately develop. for example, with the acquisition of linode, we are investing significant resources in our compute solutions and platform, working on expanding the capacity of these facilities, adding additional sites and developing increased compute features and functionality. success in these efforts is not guaranteed and will largely depend on our ability to create products that are competitive in the enterprise market, source additional co-location facilities and manage an uncertain supply chain for server related hardware. in addition, we have also experienced, and may in the future experience, delays in developing and releasing new products and product enhancements. this could cause our expenses to grow more rapidly than our revenue.
trying to innovate through acquisition can be costly and with uncertain prospects for success; we may find that attractive acquisition targets are too expensive for us to pursue which could cause us to pursue more time-consuming internal development.
failure to develop, on a cost-effective basis, innovative or enhanced solutions that are attractive to customers and profitable to us could have a material detrimental effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
if we are unable to compete effectively and adapt to changing market conditions, our business will be adversely affected.
we compete in markets that are intensely competitive and rapidly changing. our current and potential competitors vary by size, product offerings and geographic region, and range from start-ups that offer solutions competing with a discrete part of our business to large technology or telecommunications companies that offer, or may be planning to introduce, products and services that are broadly competitive with what we do. the primary competitive factors in our market are differentiation of technology, global presence, quality of solutions, long-term product roadmap, customer service, technical expertise, security, ease-of-use, breadth of services offered, price and financial strength.
many of our current and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, broader product portfolios, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition and more established relationships in the industry than we do. this is particularly true with respect to our compute solutions, as a small number of very large competitors have established themselves as leaders in the compute business. as a result, some competitors may be able to: develop superior products or services; leverage better name recognition, particularly in the security and compute markets; enter new markets more easily or better manage the impact of changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions and industry pressures; gain greater market acceptance for their products and services; enter into long-term contracts with our potential customers; increase their points of presence and proximity to enterprise data centers and end users faster than us; expand their offerings more efficiently and more rapidly; bundle their products that are competitive with ours with other solutions they offer in a way that makes our offerings less appealing to, or more costly for, current and potential customers; more quickly adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements; take advantage of acquisition, table of contents investment and other opportunities more readily; offer lower prices than ours, including at levels that may not be profitable for us to match; spend more money on the promotion, marketing and sales of their products and services; offer higher salaries to talented professionals which may impact our ability to hire or retain engineering and other personnel; and implement shorter sales cycles with customers and prospects.
smaller and more nimble competitors may be able to: attract customers by offering less sophisticated versions of products and services than we provide at lower prices than those we charge; develop new business models that are disruptive to us; and respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies, changes in customer requirements and market and industry developments, resulting in superior offerings.
ultimately, any type of increased competition could result in price and revenue reductions, loss of customers and loss of market share or inability to penetrate new markets, each of which could materially impact our business, profitability, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we and other companies that compete in this industry and these markets experience continually shifting business relationships, reputations, commercial focuses and business priorities, all of which occur in reaction to industry and market forces and the emergence of new opportunities. these shifts have led or could lead to our customers or partners becoming our competitors; network suppliers no longer seeking to work with us; and technology companies that previously did not appear to show interest in the markets we seek to address entering into those markets as our competitors. with this constantly changing environment, we may face operational difficulties in adjusting to the changes or our core strategies could become obsolete. any of these or other developments could harm our business.
defects or disruptions in our products and it systems could require us to increase spending on upgrading systems, diminish demand for our solutions or subject us to substantial liability.
our solutions are highly complex and are designed to be deployed in and across numerous large and complex networks that we do not control. from time to time, we have needed to correct errors and defects in the proprietary and open-source software that underlies our platform that have given rise to service incidents, outages and disruptions or otherwise impacted our operations. we could face the loss of customers from these incidents as they seek alternative or supplemental providers. we have also periodically experienced customer dissatisfaction with the quality of some of our delivery, security, compute and other services, which has led to a loss of business and could lead to a loss of customers in the future. furthermore, most of our customer agreements contain service level commitments. if we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide credits for future service, or face contract termination with refunds of prepaid amounts, which could harm our business.
we may not have in place adequate quality assurance procedures to ensure that we detect errors in our hardware, software and open-source components we use in a timely manner, and we may have insufficient resources to efficiently address multiple service incidents happening simultaneously or in rapid succession. if we are unable to efficiently and cost-effectively fix errors or other problems that we identify and improve the quality of our solutions or systems, or if there are unidentified errors that allow persons to improperly access our services or systems, we could experience litigation, the need to issue credits to customers, loss of revenue and market share, damage to our reputation, diversion of management attention, increased expenses, reduced profitability and other negative consequences which could harm our business.
defects in our security solutions could lead to negative publicity, loss of business, damages payments to customers, diminishing customer appeal and other negative consequences which could harm our business. as our solutions are adopted by an increasing number of enterprises and governments, it is possible that the adversaries behind advanced malicious actions will specifically focus on finding ways to defeat our products and services. if they are successful, we could experience a serious impact on our reputation and financial condition as a provider of security solutions.
we are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our own competing cloud computing offering. the rapid development and deployment of new compute infrastructure bears the risk of bugs and unforeseen failures that could affect our reputation and ability to execute our strategies. the risks of such bugs and unforeseen failures introduced to our compute infrastructure by our customers who control many aspects of their use of our compute services and experimental technologies could affect our reputation and ability to execute our strategies. it is also uncertain whether our strategies to develop and deploy our own competing cloud computing offering will attract the customers or generate the revenue required to be successful. these costs may reduce the gross and operating margins we have previously achieved. failure to adequately and rapidly deploy additional points of presence, increased proximity to enterprise data centers and end users and develop competitive offerings table of contents could result in negative publicity, loss of business, diminishing customer appeal and other negative consequences which could harm our business.
our business relies on our data systems, traffic measurement systems, billing systems, ordering processes and other operational and financial reporting and control systems. we also rely on third-party software for certain essential operational services and a failure or disruption in these services could materially and adversely affect our ability to manage our business effectively. all of these systems have become increasingly complex due to the complexity of our business, use of third-party software and services, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems, and increased regulation over controls and procedures. as a result, these systems have in the past and could in the future generate errors that impact traffic measurement or invoicing, revenue recognition and financial forecasting or other parts of our business. we will need to continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, traffic measurement systems, billing systems, ordering processes and other operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. these upgrades and improvements may be difficult and costly. if we are unable to adapt our systems and organization in a timely, efficient and cost-effective manner to accommodate changing circumstances, our business may be adversely affected.
cybersecurity breaches and attacks on us, our contractors or our third-party vendors, as well as steps we need to take in an effort to prevent them, can lead to significant costs and disruptions that would harm our business, financial results and reputation.
we regularly face attempts to gain unauthorized access or deliver malicious software to akamai connected cloud and our internal it systems, with the goal of stealing proprietary information related to our business, products, employees and customers; disrupting our systems and services or those of our customers or others; or demanding ransom to return control of such systems and services. these attempts take a variety of forms, including distributed denial of service (ddos) attacks, infrastructure attacks, botnets, malicious file uploads, application abuse, credential abuse, social engineering, ransomware, bugs, viruses, worms and malicious software programs. additionally, the use of artificial intelligence by bad actors has heightened the sophistication and effectiveness of these types of attacks. there have in the past and could in the future be attempts to infiltrate our systems through our supply chain and contractors. malicious actors are known to attempt to fraudulently induce employees and suppliers to disclose sensitive information through illegal electronic spamming, phishing or other tactics. other parties may attempt to gain unauthorized physical access to our facilities in order to infiltrate our internal-use information systems. furthermore, nation state and hacktivist attacks against us or our customers may intensify during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions or armed conflict, such as the ongoing war in ukraine and the israel-hamas war. we may not be able to anticipate the techniques used in such attacks, as they change frequently and may not be recognized until launched. while we have, from time to time, experienced threats to and breaches of our and our third-party vendors' data and systems, to date, to our knowledge, cyber threats and other attacks have not resulted in any material adverse effect to our business or operations, but such threats are constantly evolving, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them.
the complexities in managing the security profile of a distributed network with vast scale and geographic reach that evolves to incorporate new capabilities expose us to both known and unknown vulnerabilities. we have discovered vulnerabilities in software used in our technology, such as the vulnerability in apache log4j 2 referred to as "log4shell" identified in late 2021 that impacted a large portion of the internet ecosystem, and may have other undiscovered vulnerabilities. vulnerabilities, resident in either software or configurations, may require significant operational efforts to mitigate and may persist for extended periods of time and the effects of any such vulnerability could be exacerbated. similar security risks exist with respect to acquired companies, our business partners and the third-party vendors that we rely on for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions. as a result, we are subject to risks that the activities of our business partners and third-party vendors may adversely affect our business even if an attack or breach does not directly target our systems.
to protect our corporate and deployed networks, we aim to continuously engineer more secure solutions, enhance security and reliability features, improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities, develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network and services. for example, our ongoing efforts to continually enhance the security and reliability of akamai connected cloud, customer applications and corporate systems comprise various initiatives and mitigation efforts, including, but not limited to, upgrading access and configuration controls; improving security instrumentation, monitoring, detection and prevention tools; enhancing software inventory and tracking and patching systems; upgrading encryption processes and protections; enhancing authorization methods in applications; enhancing data loss prevention and endpoint security management capabilities; upgrading vulnerability identification, assessment and remediation processes and technologies; and enhancing the security of passwords and other credentials, as applicable and appropriate. our efforts to engineer more secure table of contents solutions are frequently costly, with a negative impact on near-term profitability, and may be unsuccessful in preventing security incidents that may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
for example, with the acquisition of linode, we are adapting procedures for mitigating risks that have in the past or may in the future materialize, including any harms that may arise from abuse of our compute products. if we fail to mitigate these harms or if there is a significant cybersecurity event using our compute products or our compute products are perceived to be less reliable than our competitors, it could result in loss of customers and reputational damage.
any actual, alleged or perceived breach of network security in our systems or networks, or any other actual, alleged or perceived compromise or data security incident we, our customers or our third-party suppliers suffer, can result in damage to our reputation; negative publicity; loss of channel partners, customers and sales; loss of revenue; loss of competitive advantages; increased costs to remedy any problems and otherwise respond to any incident; regulatory investigations and enforcement actions and fines; costly litigation; and other liabilities.
if we cannot maintain compatibility with our customers' it infrastructure, including their chosen third-party applications, our business will be harmed.
our products interoperate with our customers' it infrastructures that often have different specifications, utilize diverse technology and require compatibility with multiple communication protocols. therefore, the functionality of our technology often needs to have, and maintain, compatibility with our customers' technology environment, including their chosen third-party technology. aspects of our technology's compatibility with our customers' technology is dependent on our customers because our customers, and in particular those who implement third-party applications within their environments, may change features, restrict our access to, or alter their applications within their discretion and in a manner that causes incompatibilities or causes us significant costs to maintain compatibility. such changes could functionally limit or prevent the compatibility of our products with our customers' it infrastructure, which would negatively affect adoption of our products and harm our business. if we fail to update our products to achieve compatibility with new third-party applications that our customers use, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our customers need, which would harm our business.
we face risks associated with global operations that could harm our business.
a significant portion of our hiring, new customers and revenue growth in recent quarters has been attributable to our business outside the u.s. our operations in international countries subject us to risks that may increase our costs, impact our financial results, disrupt our operations or make our operations less efficient and require significant management attention. these risks include: foreign exchange rate risks; uncertainty regarding liability for content or services, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent; loss of revenues if the u.s. or international governments impose limitations on doing business with significant current or potential customers; difficulty in staffing, training, developing and managing international operations as a result of distance, language, cultural differences, differences in employee/employer relationships or regulations; theft of intellectual property in high-risk countries where we operate; difficulties in enforcing contracts, collecting accounts and longer payment cycles in certain countries; difficulties in transferring funds from, or converting currencies in, certain countries; managing the costs and processes necessary to comply with export control, sanctions, such as the sanctions imposed in connection with the russian invasion of ukraine, anti-corruption, data protection, cybersecurity and competition laws and regulations or other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products and services in certain international markets; macroeconomic developments and changes in the labor markets in which we operate; geopolitical developments, including any that impact our or our customers' ability to operate in or deliver content to a country; other circumstances outside of our control such as trade disputes, political unrest, warfare, military or armed conflict, such as the russian invasion of ukraine and the ongoing israel-hamas war, terrorist attacks, public health emergencies, energy crises and natural disasters that could disrupt our ability to provide services or limit customer purchases of them.
for example, approximately five percent of our global employees are located in tel aviv, israel and have been and may continue to be impacted by the israel-hamas war. a number of our employees have been, and more may be, required to report for military duty which could impact our ability to operate and successfully complete ongoing initiatives particularly with respect to our security offerings and our efforts to move our internal applications from third-party clouds to akamai connected cloud. in addition, further attacks by hamas or other groups on israel could further impact our workforce, our operations and our offices located in tel aviv. furthermore, a widening of the conflict in the middle east or further escalation could lead to broader geopolitical destabilization and macro-economic impacts.
in addition, we are subject to laws and regulations worldwide that differ among jurisdictions, affecting our operations in areas such as intellectual property ownership and infringement; tax; anti-corruption; internet and technology regulations; so-
table of contents called "fair share" or internet content taxes; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation; data privacy; cyber security; competition; consumer protection; and employment. compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive and may otherwise impact our business operations negatively. although we have policies, controls and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers or agents will not violate such laws or our policies. violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines; additional costs related to governmental investigations; criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation.
our business strategy depends on the ability to source adequate transmission capacity, co-location facilities and the equipment we need to operate our network; failure to have access to those resources could lead to loss of revenue and service disruptions.
to operate and grow our network, we are dependent in part upon transmission capacity provided by third-party telecommunications network providers, the availability of co-location facilities to house our servers and equipment to support our operations. we may be unable to purchase the bandwidth and space we need from these providers due to limitations on their resources, increasing energy costs or other reasons outside of our control. in particular, following our acquisition of linode, our efforts to increase the size and scale of our compute solutions have required and may continue to require procuring significant additional space in co-location facilities. inability to access facilities where we would like to install servers, or perform maintenance on existing servers for any reason, impedes our ability to expand or maintain capacity. as a result, there can be no assurance that we are adequately prepared for unexpected increases in capacity demands by our customers, particularly those under cyber-attack or impacted by geopolitical conditions, such as the ongoing war in ukraine or the israel-hamas war. failure to put in place the capacity we require to operate our business effectively could result in a reduction in, or disruption of, service to our customers and ultimately a loss of those customers.
akamai connected cloud relies on hardware equipment, including hundreds of thousands of servers deployed around the world. disruptions in our supply chain have occurred in the past and could prevent us from purchasing needed equipment at attractive prices or at all. for example, from time to time, it has been, and may continue to be, more difficult to purchase equipment that is manufactured in areas that face disruptions to operations due to unrest, trade sanctions or other political activity, public health issues, safety issues, natural disasters or general economic conditions. failure to have adequate equipment, including server equipment, could harm the quality of our services, which could lead to the loss of customers and revenue.
acquisitions and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties, dilution, diversion of management attention and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
we expect to continue to pursue acquisitions and other types of strategic relationships that involve technology sharing or close cooperation with other companies. acquisitions and other complex transactions are accompanied by a number of risks, including the following: difficulty integrating technologies, operations and personnel while maintaining the quality standards that are consistent with our reputation; potential disruptions of our ongoing business and distraction of management attention; diversion of financial and business resources from core operations or other attractive investments; financial consequences, such as increased operating expenses, incurrence of material post-closing liabilities, incurrence of additional debt and other dilutive effects on our earnings, particularly in the current environment where we have seen relatively high valuations of, and valuation expectations for, many technology companies and increasing allocation of risk to acquirors; failure to realize synergies or other expected benefits; lawsuits resulting from an acquisition or disposition; the inability to retain the acquired company's key talent; exposure to cybersecurity risks and the cost associated with remediating those risks in connection with the acquisition of it systems; increased accounting charges such as impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, amortization of intangible assets acquired and a reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets acquired; the need to use substantial portions of available cash or dilutive issuances of securities to finance large transactions; and potential unknown liabilities and regulatory requirements associated with an acquired business.
the data practices and technology systems of businesses that we have acquired, or may acquire, and our efforts to integrate our acquisitions with our existing technologies have in the past and may in the future pose risks, such as cybersecurity vulnerabilities or past cybersecurity or privacy incidents. following an acquisition, we work to enhance the security and reliability of our systems. as such, there is a period of increased cybersecurity risk during the period between closing an acquisition and the completion of our security upgrades and integration. for example, as part of the integration of the linode compute platform into akamai connected cloud and the migration of certain applications and products from third party cloud providers onto akamai connected cloud, we have been working to enhance the security and reliability of the integrated systems. while we continue to make progress on these efforts, the mitigation of a number of risks is ongoing and thus certain table of contents underlying vulnerabilities remain that, if exploited, could negatively impact akamai connected cloud and our customers. despite our efforts to enhance the security and reliability of our systems, our information technology systems and those of third parties with whom we do business or communicate may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by unauthorized access, malicious software, computer viruses, undetected intrusion, hardware failures, or other events. in addition, our disaster recovery plans may be ineffective or inadequate.
any inability to integrate completed acquisitions or combinations in an efficient and timely manner could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
if current and potential large customers shift to hardware-based or other diy internal solutions for content and application delivery or security protection, our business will be negatively impacted.
we are reliant on some of our larger customers to direct traffic to our network for a significant part of our revenues. in the past, some of our customers have determined that it is better for them to employ a "do-it-yourself" or "diy" strategy by putting in place equipment, software and other technology solutions for content and application delivery and security protection within their internal systems instead of using our solutions for some or all of their needs. as the amount of money a customer spends with us increases, the risk that they will seek alternative solutions such as diy or a multi-vendor policy likewise increases. while the number of customers implementing a diy strategy has decreased in recent years, if multiple large customers shift to this model, traffic on our network and our contracted revenue commitments would decrease, which would negatively impact our business, profitability, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if we are unable to recruit and retain key employees and qualified sales, research and development, technical, marketing and support personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.
our future success depends upon the services of our executive officers and other key technology, sales, research and development, marketing and support personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships. like other companies in our industry, we have experienced difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications, and, if we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel or effectively train our current employees to support our business needs, our business and future growth prospects could suffer. for example, none of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term, and members of our senior management have left our company over the years for a variety of reasons. in addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success and our failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving our officers and other key personnel could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
in addition, our future success will depend upon our ability to attract, train and retain employees, particularly in our expected areas of growth such as security and cloud computing. such efforts will require time, expense and attention by our employees as there is significant competition for talented individuals. this competition results in increased costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation and can have a dilutive impact on our stock. in addition, our ability to hire and retain employees may be adversely affected by volatility in the price of our stock or our ability to obtain shareholder approval to offer additional stock to our employees, because a significant portion of our compensation is in the form of equity grants. in addition, we are retasking certain employees to work on our compute solutions which will require the use of our resources and if we are unable to successfully retrain our employees, our compute business may suffer. furthermore, geopolitical events may impact our retention efforts. for example, the ongoing israel-hamas war has and could continue to impact our workforce in tel aviv, israel as employees have been and may continue to be required to report for military service or have other competing priorities. the loss of the services of a significant number of our employees or any of our key employees or our inability to attract and retain new talent in a timely fashion may be disruptive to our operations and overall business.
our failure to maintain our company culture and manage new risks as our business evolves and our work practices change could harm us.
we believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to date. as a result of the diversification of our business, personnel growth, the deployment of our flexbase program, acquisitions and international expansion in recent years, many of our employees are now based outside of our cambridge, massachusetts headquarters.
if we are unable to appropriately increase management depth, enhance succession planning and decentralize our decision-making at a pace commensurate with our actual or desired growth rates, we may not be able to achieve our financial or operational goals. it is also important to our continued success that we hire qualified personnel, properly train them and manage table of contents poorly-performing personnel, all while maintaining our corporate culture and spirit of innovation. if we are not successful in these efforts, our growth and operations could be adversely affected.
we rolled out our flexbase program in may 2022, which allows the more than 95% of our workforce designated as flexible to choose to work from an akamai office, their home office or a combination of both. this program could, among other things, negatively impact employee morale and productivity, inhibit our ability to effectively train new employees and impede our ability to support customers at the levels they expect. in addition, certain security systems in homes or other remote workplaces may be less secure than those used in our offices, which may subject us to increased security risks, including cybersecurity-related events, and expose us to risks of data or financial loss and associated disruptions to our business operations. members of our workforce who access company data and systems remotely may not have access to technology that is as robust as that in our offices, which could cause the networks, information systems, applications and other tools available to those remote workers to be more limited or less reliable than in our offices. we may also be exposed to risks associated with the locations of remote workers, including compliance with local laws and regulations or exposure to compromised internet infrastructure. further, if employees fail to inform us of changes in their work location, we may be exposed to additional risks without our knowledge. if we are unable to effectively maintain a hybrid workforce, manage the cybersecurity and other risks of remote work and maintain our corporate culture and workforce morale, our business could be harmed or otherwise negatively impacted.
our restructuring and reorganization activities may be disruptive to our operations and harm our business.
over the past several years, we have implemented internal restructurings and reorganizations designed to reduce the size and cost of our operations, improve operational efficiencies and reprioritize investments, enhance our ability to pursue market opportunities and accelerate our technology development initiatives. in february 2021, we announced a significant reorganization to create two new business groups linked to our security and edge delivery technologies as well as establishing a unified global sales force. during the first quarter of 2023, management committed to an action to restructure certain parts of the company, including reducing headcount, to enable it to prioritize investments in the fastest growing areas of the business. we may take similar steps in the future as we seek to realize operating synergies, optimize our operations to achieve our target operating model and profitability objectives, respond to market forces or better reflect changes in the strategic direction of our business. disruptions in operations may occur as a result of taking these actions. taking these actions may also result in significant expense for us, including with respect to workforce reductions, as well as decreased productivity due to employee distraction and unanticipated employee turnover. substantial expense or business disruptions resulting from restructuring and reorganization activities could adversely affect our operating results.
we may have exposure to greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities.
our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, or changes in tax laws, regulations or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items such as equity-related compensation. in particular, the organisation for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") and participating oecd member countries continue to work toward the enactment of a 15% global minimum corporate tax rate for companies with revenue above €750 million, calculated on a country-by-country basis. european union member states have begun to enact global minimum tax rate rules into domestic law. in particular, on december 16, 2022, the swiss parliament approved a constitutional amendment to implement the global minimum tax rate rules and the amendment was approved by public vote on june 18, 2023. on december 22, 2023, the swiss federal council declared some of the rules to be in effect beginning in 2024. the global minimum tax is a significant structural change to the international tax framework, which is expected to affect the tax position of multinational or large scale domestic enterprise groups that fall under its scope, including us, beginning in 2024. although enactment of the global minimum tax has begun, the oecd and participating oecd member countries continue to work towards defining the underlying rules and administrative procedures. we will continue to monitor these developments and evaluate the impact of the global minimum tax, which we anticipate will increase our liability for corporate taxes and our effective income tax rate. we have recorded certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving our income tax and indirect tax positions. these potential tax liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by different jurisdictions. we are currently subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. if the ultimate outcome of any tax audits are adverse to us, our reserves may not be adequate to cover our total actual liability, and we would need to take a financial charge. although we believe our estimates, our reserves and the positions we have taken in all jurisdictions are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.
table of contents the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") includes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax for companies with modified gaap net income in excess of $1 billion, a 1% excise tax on certain stock repurchases, and numerous environmental and green energy tax credits. currently, we are not subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax. the impact of the excise tax on our stock repurchase program was immaterial for the year ended december 31, 2023.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates affect our reported operating results in u.s. dollar terms.
because we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the united states, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change.
the fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease our overall revenue and expenses for any given period. this exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, headcount in foreign locations and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. revenue generated and expenses incurred by our international subsidiaries are often denominated in their local currencies, but many of our expenses related to our operations in foreign jurisdictions are denominated in u.s. dollars. as a result, our consolidated u.s. dollar financial statements are subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our international subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into u.s. dollars. for example, in 2023, the strength of the u.s. dollar had a negative impact on our revenue and a positive impact on our operating expenses. in addition, our financial results are subject to changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-functional currencies.
in addition, we have recently experienced increased volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, due to a number of factors, including geopolitical and economic developments. we may not be able to effectively manage such volatility, and our financial results have in the past and could in the future be adversely impacted as a result of such volatility. in addition, such volatility, even when it increases our revenues or decreases our expenses, impacts our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings.
our sales to government clients subject us to risks, including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties.
we have customer contracts with the u.s. government, as well as international, state and local governments and their respective agencies, and we may in the future increase sales to government entities. sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks. selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. such government entities often have the right to terminate these contracts at any time, without cause. there is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending and demand and payment for our services may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations. these factors may combine to potentially limit the revenue we derive from government contracts in the future. additionally, government contracts generally have requirements that are more complex than those found in commercial enterprise agreements and therefore are more costly to comply with. such contracts are also subject to audits and investigations that could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fee refunds, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business.
we utilize third-party technology in our business, and failures or vulnerabilities, and/or litigation, related to these technologies may adversely affect our business.
we utilize third-party technology software, services, and other technology to operate critical functions of our business, including the integration of certain of these technologies into our network, products and services. if these software, services, or other technology become unavailable or contain vulnerabilities, our expenses could increase and our ability to operate our network, provide our products, and our results of operations could be impaired until equivalent software, technology, or services are purchased or developed or any identified vulnerabilities are remedied. if we are unable to procure the necessary third-party technology we may need to acquire or develop alternative technology, or we may have to resort to utilizing alternative technology of lower quality. this could limit and delay our ability to offer new or competitive products and increase our costs of production. as a result, our business could be significantly harmed. in addition, the use of third-party technology may expose us to third-party claims of intellectual property infringement which could cause us to incur significant costs in defense or alternative sourcing.
table of contents we rely on certain "open-source" software, which may contain security flaws or other deficiencies, and the use of which could result in our having to distribute our proprietary software, including source code, to third parties on unfavorable terms, either of which could materially affect our business.
certain of our offerings use software that is subject to open-source licenses. open-source code is software that is freely accessible, usable and modifiable; however, certain open-source code is governed by license agreements, the terms of which could require users of such software to make any derivative works of the software available to others on unfavorable terms or at no cost. because we use open-source code, we may be required to take remedial action in order to protect our proprietary software. such action could include replacing certain source code used in our software, discontinuing certain of our products or taking other actions that could be expensive and divert resources away from our development efforts. in addition, the terms relating to disclosure of derivative works in many open-source licenses are unclear and have not been interpreted by u.s. courts. if a court interprets one or more such open-source licenses in a manner that is unfavorable to us, we could be required to make certain of our key software generally available at no cost. we could also be subject to similar conditions or restrictions should there be any changes in the licensing terms of the open-source software incorporated into our products. in either event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely or successful basis, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. furthermore, open-source software may have security flaws and other deficiencies that could make our solutions less reliable and damage our business.
legal and regulatory risks evolving privacy regulations could negatively impact our profitability and business operations.
the nature and breadth of laws and regulations, or expanded interpretation of these laws and regulations, that relate to privacy on the internet and international data transfer restrictions may increase in the future. accordingly, we are unable to assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements or whether our compliance efforts will materially impact our business, results of operations or financial condition, as well as increase expenses or create other disadvantages to our business.
privacy laws are rapidly proliferating, changing and evolving globally. governments, private citizens and privacy advocates with class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. numerous laws, such as the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), and the california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa"), and industry self-regulatory codes have been enacted, and more laws are being considered that may affect how we use data generated from our network as well as our ability to reach current and prospective customers, understand how our solutions are being used and respond to customer requests allowed under the laws. any perception that our business practices, our data collection activities or how our solutions operate represent an invasion of privacy or improper practice, whether or not consistent with current regulations and industry practices, may subject us to public criticism or boycotts, class action lawsuits, reputational harm, or actions by regulators, or claims by industry groups or other third parties, all of which could disrupt our business and expose us to liability.
engineering efforts to build new capabilities to facilitate compliance with increasing international data transfer restrictions and new and changing privacy laws and related customer demands could require us to take on substantial expenses and divert engineering resources from other projects. we might experience reduced demand for our offerings if we are unable to engineer products that meet our legal duties or help our customers meet their obligations under the gdpr, the ccpa or other applicable data regulations, or if the changes we implement to comply with such laws and regulations make our offerings less attractive.
our ability to leverage the data generated by our global networks is important to the value of many of the solutions we offer, our operational efficiency and future product development opportunities. our ability to use data in this way may be constrained by regulatory developments. compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency or greater difficulty in competing with other companies. compliance with data regulations might limit our ability to innovate or offer certain features and functionality in some jurisdictions where we operate. failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged non-compliant activity, as well as negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort.
our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and third parties on privacy, data security and other ethical data use practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or misuse of customer or end-user data we process. improper disclosure or misuse of personal data could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers or end users, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue.
table of contents other regulatory developments could negatively impact our business.
u.s. and international laws and regulations that apply to the internet related to, among other things, content liability, security requirements, law enforcement access to information, critical infrastructure, net neutrality, so-called "fair share" or internet content taxes, international data transfer restrictions, sanctions, export controls and restrictions on social media or other content could pose risks to our revenues, intellectual property and customer relationships as well as increase expenses or create other disadvantages to our business. section 230 of the u.s. communications decency act, often referred to as section 230, gives websites that host user-generated content broad protection from legal liability for content posted on their sites. proposals to repeal or amend section 230 could expose us to greater legal liability in the conduct of our business. our acceptable use policy prohibits customers from using our network to deliver illegal or inappropriate content; if customers violate that policy, we may nonetheless face reputational damage, enforcement actions or lawsuits related to their content. regulations have been enacted or proposed in a number of countries that limit the delivery of certain types of content into those countries. enactment and expansion of such laws and regulations would negatively impact our revenues. for example, restrictions were adopted in india in 2020 prohibiting access to identified chinese applications, which caused a reduction in revenue to us. in addition, such laws and regulations could cause internet service providers, or others, to block our products in order to enforce content-blocking efforts. in addition, efforts to block a single product or domain name may end up blocking a number of other products or domain names in an overbroad manner that could affect our business. in addition to regulations related to content, enactment and expansion of laws related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in our operations and increased regulation of cloud services providers also could increase costs of doing business, subject us to potential liability or regulatory risk and introduce other disadvantages to our business, including brand or reputational harm. interpretations of laws or regulations that would subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, supervision or, in the alternative, require us to exit a line of business or a country, could lead to the loss of significant revenues and have a negative impact on the quality of our solutions. engineering efforts to build new capabilities to facilitate compliance with law enforcement access requirements, content access restrictions or other regulations could require us to take on substantial expenses and divert engineering resources from other projects. these circumstances could harm our profitability.
we may need to defend against patent or copyright infringement claims, which would cause us to incur substantial costs or limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.
as we expand our business and develop new technologies, products and services, we have become increasingly subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims and related litigation. we have also agreed to indemnify our customers and channel and strategic partners if our solutions infringe or misappropriate specified intellectual property rights. as a result, we have been and could again become involved in litigation or claims brought against customers or channel or strategic partners if our solutions or technology are the subject of such allegations. any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, brought against us or pursuant to which we indemnify our customers or partners could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and require us to do one or more of the following: cease selling, incorporating or using features, functionalities, products or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; pay substantial damages and incur significant litigation expenses; obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; or redesign products or services. if we are forced to take any of these actions, our business may be seriously harmed.
our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use or infringement by third parties.
we rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. these legal protections afford only limited protection, particularly in some regions outside the u.s. we have previously brought lawsuits against entities that we believed were infringing our intellectual property rights but have not always prevailed. such lawsuits can be expensive and require a significant amount of attention from our management and technical personnel, and the outcomes are unpredictable. monitoring unauthorized use of our solutions is difficult, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken or will take will prevent unauthorized use of our technology. furthermore, we cannot be certain that any pending or future patent applications will be granted, that any future patent will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that rights granted under any patent that may be issued will provide competitive advantages to us. if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of our intellectual property assets may be reduced. although we have licensed from other parties proprietary technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. such licenses may also be non-exclusive, meaning our competition may also be able to access such technology.
table of contents litigation may adversely impact our business.
from time to time, we are or may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including patent, commercial, product liability, breach of contract, employment, class action, whistleblower and other litigation and claims and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. in addition, under our charter, we could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers in connection with their involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. such matters can be time-consuming, divert management's attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable and may not be covered by insurance, there can be no assurance that the results of any litigation matters will not have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
global climate change, other disruptions and related natural resource conservation regulations could adversely impact our business.
the long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and our industry in particular remain unknown. for example, changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud-based services. in addition, catastrophic natural disasters, such as an earthquake, fire, flood or other act of god and any similar disruption, as well as any derivative disruption, such as those to services provided through localized physical infrastructure, including utility or telecommunication outages, or any to the continuity of our, our partners', suppliers' and our customers' workforce, could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. in addition, pandemics or other public health crises, as well as any derivative disruptions such as those experienced during the covid-19 pandemic, in places where we operate may adversely affect our results of operations. our global operations are dependent on our network infrastructure, technology systems and website, including the supply of servers from our third-party partners, as well as our intellectual property and personnel and any disruption to these dependencies may negatively impact our ability to respond to customers, provide services and maintain local and global business continuity. furthermore, some of our products and business functions are hosted or carried out by third parties that may be vulnerable to these same types of disruptions, the response to or resolution of which may be beyond our control. any disruption to our business could cause us to incur significant costs to repair damages to our facilities, equipment, infrastructure and business relationships.
in addition, in response to concerns about global climate change, governments may adopt new regulations affecting the use of fossil fuels or requiring the use of alternative fuel sources which could adversely impact our business. our deployed network of servers consumes significant energy resources, including those generated by the burning of fossil fuels. while we have invested in projects to support renewable energy development, our customers, investors and other stakeholders may require us to take more steps to demonstrate that we are taking ecologically responsible measures in operating our business. the costs and any expenses we may incur to make our network more energy-efficient and comply with any new regulations could make us less profitable in future periods. failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other requirements imposed on us could lead to fines, lost revenue and damage to our reputation.
investment-related risks our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value.
the market price of our common stock has historically been volatile. trading prices for our common stock may continue to fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, including the following: quarterly variations in operating results; announcements by our customers related to their businesses that could be viewed as impacting their usage of our solutions; market speculation about whether we are a takeover target or considering a strategic transaction; announcements by us regarding acquisitions; announcements by competitors; activism by any single large stockholder or combination of stockholders or rumors about such activity; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; failure to meet the expectations of securities analysts; purchases or sales of our stock by our officers and directors; general economic conditions and other macroeconomic factors, such as inflationary pressures, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, energy prices, reduced consumer spending, elevated interest rates, recessionary economic cycles, protracted economic slowdowns and overall market volatility; repurchases of shares of our common stock; the issuance of additional shares or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock, including under our equity compensation plans; entry into, or termination of, relationships with material customers and partners; and performance by other companies in our industry.
furthermore, our revenue, particularly that portion attributable to usage of our solutions beyond customer commitments, can be difficult to forecast, and, as a result, our quarterly operating results can fluctuate substantially. this concern is particularly acute with respect to our media and commerce customers. in the future, our customer contracting models may change to move away from a committed revenue structure to a "pay-as-you-go" approach, which could make it easier for table of contents customers to reduce the amount of business they do with us or leave altogether. changes in billing models and committed revenue requirements could, therefore, create challenges with our forecasting processes. because a significant portion of our cost structure is largely fixed in the short-term, revenue shortfalls tend to have a disproportionately negative impact on our profitability. if we announce revenue or profitability results that do not meet or exceed our guidance or make changes in our guidance with respect to future operating results, our stock price may decrease significantly as a result.
any of these events, as well as other circumstances discussed in these risk factors, may cause the price of our common stock to fall. in addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices of stock of publicly-traded technology companies in particular, have experienced significant volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies. these broad stock market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
any failure to meet our debt obligations or obtain financing would damage our business.
as of the date of this report, we had total principal amount of $1,150.0 million of convertible senior notes outstanding due in 2025, total principal amount of $1,150.0 million of convertible senior notes outstanding due in 2027 and total principal amount of $1,265 million of convertible senior notes outstanding due in 2029. we also entered into a credit facility in november 2022 that provides for an initial $500.0 million revolving credit facility, and under specified circumstances, the credit facility can be increased to up to $1 billion in aggregate principal amount. as of december 31, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. our ability to repay any amounts we borrow under our credit facility, refinance the notes, make cash payments in connection with conversions of the notes or repurchase the notes in the event of a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the notes) will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. we also may not use the cash we have raised through future borrowing under the credit facility or the issuance of the convertible senior notes in an optimally productive and profitable manner. if we are unable to remain profitable or if we use more cash than we generate in the future, our level of indebtedness at such time could adversely affect our operations by increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions and by limiting or prohibiting our ability to obtain additional financing for additional capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes. if we do not have sufficient cash upon conversion of the notes or to repurchase the notes following a fundamental change, we would be in default under the terms of the notes, which could seriously harm our business. although the terms of our credit facility include certain financial ratios that potentially limit our future indebtedness, the terms of the notes do not. if we incur significantly more debt, this could intensify the risks described above. in addition, if we are unable to obtain financing to fund additional capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes on reasonable terms, or at all, then our business, operations and financial condition may be harmed.
because we currently do not intend to pay dividends, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value.
we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. as a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value. there is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares, and our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value. see the risk factor titled "our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value" above.
provisions of our charter, by-laws and delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders.
provisions of our charter, by-laws and delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to control or acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. these provisions include: our board of directors having the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director; stockholders needing to provide advance notice, additional disclosures and representations and warranties to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting; and the ability of our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock.
further, as a delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain delaware anti-takeover provisions. under delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. our board of directors could rely on delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
table of contents if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. as a result, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and the trading price of our common stock.
the sarbanes-oxley act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. as previously disclosed for the year ended december 31, 2022, we identified a material weakness in the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022 related to income taxes. although this material weakness has been remediated, there can be no assurance that we will not identify additional material weaknesses in internal controls in the future or that the measures we may take to remediate any such future control deficiencies will be effective.
we need to continue to enhance and maintain our processes and systems and adapt them to changes as our business evolves and we rearrange management responsibilities and reorganize our business. this continuous process of maintaining and adapting our internal controls and complying with section 404 is expensive and time-consuming and requires significant management attention. furthermore, as our business changes, including by expanding our operations in different markets, increasing reliance on channel partners and completing acquisitions, our internal controls may become more complex and we may be required to expend significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify additional material weaknesses, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remediated, could reduce the market's confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price.
we cannot be certain that our internal control measures will provide adequate control over our financial processes and reporting and ensure compliance with section 404. any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results, may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, and could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in the periodic reports we will file with the securities and exchange commission.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a"), should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. see "risk factors" elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of certain risks associated with our business. the following discussion contains forward-looking statements. the forward-looking statements do not include the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures or other events that may be announced after the date hereof.
overview we provide solutions to power and protect life online through our massively distributed edge and cloud platform, which we refer to as akamai connected cloud. akamai connected cloud underpins our cloud computing, security and content delivery solutions, and is central to our financial success. the key factors that influence our financial success are our ability to build on recurring revenue commitments for our security and performance offerings, increase traffic on our network, continue to develop, scale and successfully bring to market our cloud computing platform and compute-to-edge solutions that meet the needs of professional users and enterprises, effectively manage the prices we charge for our solutions, develop new products and appropriately manage our capital spending and other expenses. the purpose of this discussion and analysis section is to provide material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations from management's perspective, including to describe and explain key trends, events and other factors that impacted our reported results and that are likely to impact our future performance.
revenue we primarily derive revenue from the sale of services to customers executing contracts having terms of one year or longer, which allows us to have a consistent and predictable base level of revenue. services included in our contracts consist of security solutions, the delivery of content, applications and software over the internet, cloud computing solutions and professional services. in addition to a base level of revenue, we are also dependent on our ability to increase our product offerings and to cross-sell additional services to our new and existing customers, particularly for our security and compute solution portfolios. our revenue is also impacted by customer renewals, the rate of adoption and timing of customer offerings, variability of one-time events, usage of cloud computing services and the amount of traffic we serve on our network. geopolitical, economic and other developments that impact our customers' businesses can also impact our ability to attract new customers or continue to cross-sell additional services to existing customers. over the longer term, our ability to expand our product portfolio and to effectively manage the prices we charge for our solutions are key factors impacting our revenue growth.
we have observed the following trends related to our revenue in recent years:
•increased sales of our security solutions, led by application security solutions and segmentation solutions from our acquisition of guardicore ltd., and increased sales of our compute solutions, primarily attributable to our acquisition of linode in early 2022, have made a significant contribution to revenue growth. during 2023, security represented the largest share of revenue with security and compute revenue representing over half of our total revenue. we plan to continue to invest in these areas with a focus on further advancing our product portfolios.
•traffic on our network continues to grow at a modest pace as compared to prior years, and is impacted by a number of external factors. most recently, as we and our customers manage through a time of economic headwinds and uncertainty, traffic growth rates have been impacted. conversely, our rate of traffic growth increased significantly during the onset of the covid-19 pandemic and the associated stay-at-home orders across the globe. however, as these orders were lifted and more return-to-work policies were adopted, our traffic growth rates declined. these traffic fluctuations may continue to impact our delivery revenue.
•the prices paid by some of our delivery and security customers have declined in recent years due to competition and contract renewals, which negatively impacts our revenue growth rates. we have been able to mitigate some of the negative impacts to our revenue growth rates by upselling incremental solutions to our existing delivery and security customers. we are taking steps upon contract renewals to optimize how we charge certain high-volume traffic delivery customers, including charging a premium for higher-cost destinations and continuing to maintain alignment between customer traffic volumes and unit pricing.
•revenue from our international operations has generally been growing at a faster pace in recent years than from our u.s. operations, particularly from new customer acquisition and cross-selling of incremental solutions. because we table of contents publicly report in u.s. dollars, our reported revenue results are negatively impacted when the dollar strengthens and benefit when the dollar weakens.
•we have experienced variations in certain types of revenue from quarter-to-quarter. in particular, we typically experience higher revenue in the fourth quarter of each year for some of our solutions as a result of holiday season activity. in addition, we experience quarterly variations in revenue attributable to, among other things, the timing of large customer contract renewals; the frequency and timing of purchases of custom solutions or licensed software; the nature and timing of software and gaming releases by our customers; and whether there are large live sporting or other events or situations that impact the amount of media traffic on our network.
expenses our level of profitability is impacted by our expenses, including direct costs to support our revenue such as bandwidth and co-location costs, which includes energy to power our network. we have observed the following trends related to our profitability in recent years:
•network bandwidth costs represent a significant portion of our cost of revenue. historically, we have been able to mitigate increases in these costs by reducing our network bandwidth costs per unit and investing in internal-use software development to improve the performance and efficiency of our network. we will need to continue to effectively manage our bandwidth costs to maintain or improve current levels of profitability.
•co-location costs are also a significant portion of our cost of revenue. as we continue to build out our new compute locations to provide us with the ability to scale our platform, we expect to enter into longer term leases that include certain financial commitments in order to achieve more favorable unit economics. the costs of the financial commitments are expensed ratably over the life of the lease, and, as a result, in some cases, we are incurring costs in advance of these compute locations being fully utilized. we continue to improve our internal-use software and remain disciplined in managing our hardware deployments, particularly for our delivery platform, which enables us to use servers more efficiently. with these efficiencies we have been able to moderate the impact of rising energy costs. we expect to continue to scale our network in the future, which we believe will allow us to effectively manage our co-location costs to maintain or improve current levels of profitability.
•network build-out and supporting service costs represent another significant portion of our cost of revenue. these costs include maintenance and supporting services incurred as we continue to build out our compute infrastructure and maintain our global network, and costs of third-party cloud providers used for some of our operations. we have seen these costs increase in recent years as a result of our network expansion, and particularly the build out of our compute infrastructure. we had also experienced increased costs from third-party cloud providers, but have recently begun to mitigate those costs by migrating to our own cloud solutions and optimizing third-party cloud spend. we will need to continue to effectively manage our network build-out and supporting service costs and continue to migrate third-party cloud services to akamai connected cloud to maintain or improve current levels of profitability.
•our employees are core to the operations of our business, and payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, is our largest expense. it is important to the success of operations that we offer competitive compensation packages. however, we remain disciplined in allocating our resources to support our faster growing security and compute solutions, including maintaining operational efficiencies to mitigate the rising cost of talent. in 2023, we redesigned one of our non-executive short-term incentive compensation programs by shifting certain employees from a cash-based to stock-based program. we also introduced a non-executive incentive program tied to our initiative to migrate certain third-party cloud services onto akamai connected cloud. these programs are designed to better align employee incentives with the interests of our stockholders.
•depreciation expense related to our network equipment also contributes to our overall expense levels. in recent years, we have invested in our network as traffic levels have increased and as part of building out our compute infrastructure, which increased our capital expenditures and resulting depreciation expense. we plan to continue to make investments in capital expenditures, however, the focus is to further invest in support of our faster growing compute solutions. due to the software and hardware initiatives we have undertaken to manage our global network more efficiently, the useful lives of our servers have been extended from five to six years effective january 1, 2023, which has offset increased depreciation expense from our network expansion and the build out of our compute infrastructure.

•growth in our international operations incrementally increases our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. because we publicly report in u.s. dollars, our expenses are positively impacted when the dollar strengthens and are negatively impacted when the dollar weakens.
recent acquisitions we acquired certain customer contracts from lumen technologies, inc. ("lumen") in october 2023 and from stackpath, llc ("stackpath") in august 2023. these acquisitions are intended to further strengthen our existing content delivery and other businesses as we transition the acquired customers to our akamai connected cloud and offer our portfolio of other services to these customers. revenue attributable to these asset acquisitions was $20.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2023. we also acquired neosec, inc ("neosec") in may 2023, which is intended to complement our application and api security portfolio by extending its visibility into the rapidly growing api threat landscape, and storageos, inc. ("storageos"), also known as ondat, in march 2023, which is intended to strengthen our cloud computing offerings. neither neosec or ondat included a significant number of employees when we completed the acquisitions.
in march 2022, we acquired linode, an infrastructure-as-a-service platform provider, which allows for developer-friendly cloud computing capabilities. the acquisition was intended to enhance our computing services by enabling us to create a unique cloud platform to build, run and secure applications from the cloud to the edge. linode had approximately 250 employees when we completed the acquisition.
in october 2021, we acquired guardicore whose micro-segmentation solution is designed to limit user access to only those applications that are authorized to communicate with each other, thereby limiting the spread of malware and protecting the flow of enterprise data across the network. guardicore had approximately 270 employees when we completed the acquisition.
global economic conditions global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions continue to impact our business and revenue growth rates. we, along with our customers, continue to manage through an uncertain period of fluctuating inflation, economic uncertainty, uncertain energy supplies, heightened geopolitical tensions, potential for supply chain disruptions, changes in international tax laws, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and elevated interest rates. to the extent these macroeconomic conditions continue, we expect that it may adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.
table of contents results of operations the following sets forth, as a percentage of revenue, consolidated statements of income data for the years indicated:
2023                                                                                                                          2022                      2021
revenue                                                                                        100.0   %                 100.0   %                 100.0   %
costs and operating expenses:
cost of revenue (exclusive of amortization of acquired intangible assets shown below)           39.6                      38.3                      36.7
research and development                                                                        10.7                      10.8                       9.7
sales and marketing                                                                             14.0                      13.9                      13.3
general and administrative                                                                      15.8                      16.2                      16.0
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                                       1.8                       1.8                       1.4
restructuring charge                                                                             1.5                       0.4                       0.3
total costs and operating expenses                                                              83.4                      81.4                      77.4
income from operations                                                                          16.6                      18.6                      22.6
interest and marketable securities income, net                                                   1.2                       0.1                       0.5
interest expense                                                                               (0.5)                     (0.3)                     (2.1)
other (expense) income, net                                                                    (0.3)                     (0.3)                       0.1
income before provision for income taxes                                                        17.0                      18.1                      21.1
provision for income taxes                                                                     (2.8)                     (3.5)                     (1.8)
gain (loss) from equity method investment                                                          -                     (0.2)                     (0.4)
net income                                                                                      14.2   %                  14.4   %                  18.9   %
revenue revenue by solution category during the periods presented was as follows (in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,                                                                                                          for the years ended december 31,
2023                                     2022                                            % change                   % change at constant currency                         2022   2021                                              % change                   % change at constant currency security                $1,765,267                      $1,541,941                      14.5    %                                14.7           %               $1,541,941                      $1,334,836                        15.5    %                                19.7           %
delivery                 1,542,434                       1,669,257                     (7.6)                                    (7.1)                            1,669,257                       1,873,243                      (10.9)                                    (7.8)
compute                    504,219                         405,456                      24.4                                     24.7                              405,456                         253,144                        60.2                                     64.0
total revenue           $3,811,920                      $3,616,654                       5.4    %                                 5.8           %               $3,616,654                      $3,461,223                         4.5    %                                 8.0           %
the increases in our revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022, and 2022 as compared to 2021, was primarily the result of continued growth in sales of our security solutions and the acquisition of linode in march 2022 which contributed to the growth in our compute solutions. the increase in 2023 as compared to 2022 was partially offset by a decline in revenue from our delivery solutions due to the pricing impact of renewals and moderated traffic growth. the increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was negatively impacted by the significant strengthening of the u.s. dollar and a decline in revenue from our delivery solutions due to a reduction in traffic growth and pricing impact of renewals.
the increase in security solutions revenue for 2023 as compared to 2022, and 2022 as compared to 2021, was due to growth in a number of key products in our security solutions portfolio, including our segmentation and web application firewall solutions, denial of service and bot management solutions. the increase in security solutions revenue for 2023 as compared to 2022 was also due to growth in certain products that combine elements of our security and delivery offerings to provide robust security solutions.
the decrease in delivery solutions revenue for 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to the pricing impact of renewals and moderated traffic growth. the decrease in delivery solutions revenue for 2022 as compared to 2021 was due to a reduction in traffic growth rates as our largest customers are not experiencing the same traffic growth rates as they once were.
table of contents the increase in compute solutions revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022, and 2022 as compared to 2021, was due to growth in compute products, including continued growth in cloud optimization solutions and through the acquisition of linode in the first quarter of 2022. the increase in compute solutions revenue in 2023 as compared to 2022 was also due to a price increase for some of our compute solutions in 2023.
revenue derived in the u.s. and internationally during the periods presented is as follows (in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,                                                                                                        for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                          2022                   % change                   % change at constant currency                         2022                            2021                   % change                   % change at constant currency u.s.                                $1,968,779                      $1,902,051                       3.5    %                                 3.5           %               $1,902,051                      $1,837,508                       3.5    %                                 3.5           %
as a percentage of revenue                51.6   %                        52.6   %                                                                                                52.6   %                        53.1   %
international                        1,843,141                       1,714,603                       7.5                                      8.3                            1,714,603                       1,623,715                       5.6    %                                13.2
as a percentage of revenue                48.4   %                        47.4   %                                                                                                47.4   %                        46.9   %
total revenue                       $3,811,920                      $3,616,654                       5.4    %                                 5.8           %               $3,616,654                      $3,461,223                       4.5    %                                 8.0           %
for each of the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, no single country outside of the u.s. accounted for 10% or more of revenue. changes in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted our revenue by $13.9 million in 2023 as compared to 2022, and negatively impacted our revenue by $122.1 million in 2022 as compared to 2021.
cost of revenue cost of revenue consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,                                                          for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                            2022                        % change                       2022                             2021                      % change bandwidth fees                                                                             $228,038                         $205,268                       11.1    %                   $205,268                         $209,288                    (1.9)    %
co-location fees                                                                            256,062                          197,375                       29.7                         197,375                          177,950                     10.9
network build-out and supporting services                                                   215,557                          195,669                       10.2                         195,669                          157,234                     24.4
payroll and related costs                                                                   325,851                          298,269                        9.2                         298,269                          276,544                      7.9
acquisition-related costs                                                                     3,190                            4,982                     (36.0)                           4,982                                -                    100.0
stock-based compensation, including amortization of prior capitalized amounts                73,786                           57,146                       29.1                          57,146                           57,390                    (0.4)
depreciation of network equipment                                                           231,500                          259,359                     (10.7)                         259,359                          226,384                     14.6
amortization of internal-use software                                                       177,079                          165,751                        6.8                         165,751                          164,166                      1.0
total cost of revenue                                                                    $1,511,063                       $1,383,819                        9.2    %                 $1,383,819                       $1,268,956                      9.1    %
as a percentage of revenue                                                               39.6     %                       38.3     %                                                 38.3     %                       36.7     %
the increase in cost of revenue for 2023 as compared to 2022 was primarily due to:
•co-location fees as a result of investment in akamai connected cloud, particularly as we build out our compute infrastructure to support future growth and scalability;
•bandwidth fees to support the increase in traffic served on our network and for traffic served from higher cost regions;

•network build-out and supporting services due to our infrastructure investment in akamai connected cloud and costs associated with the transition services agreements to support the migration of customer contracts acquired from lumen and stackpath; and
•payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, as a result of headcount growth to support our network, the increased expected achievement of our performance-based compensation plans and higher average equity awards to employees driven by the talent market; additionally, stock-based compensation increased due to the shift in one of our compensation programs from cash-based to stock-based.
the increase in cost of revenue for 2023 as compared to 2022 was partially offset by lower depreciation expense of network equipment due to software and hardware initiatives we have implemented to manage our global network more efficiently. as a result, we increased the expected average useful life of our servers from five to six years effective january 1, 2023, which resulted in a reduction to depreciation expense of $62.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2023.
additionally, due to our focus on third-party cloud application costs, including migrating third-party cloud services to our own cloud solutions and optimizing third-party cloud spending which are included in network build-out and supporting services, our third-party cloud costs decreased for 2023 as compared to 2022.
the increase in cost of revenue for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased network build-out and supporting services, particularly related to increased supporting services for third-party cloud applications, and increased investment in our network in prior years to support traffic growth, which resulted in higher depreciation costs of our network equipment and growth in expenses related to our co-location facilities including energy to power our network.
during 2024, we expect our cost of revenue to increase as compared to 2023, in particular our co-location costs, due to investments in our network to support the continued growth of our compute solutions. we plan to continue to focus our efforts on managing our operating margins, including our bandwidth and network build-out costs. specifically, we are continuing to take steps to migrate third-party cloud services onto akamai connected cloud, which we expect will continue to reduce third-party cloud services costs.
research and development expenses research and development expenses consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,                                                            for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                       2022                        % change                        2022                              2021                      % change payroll and related costs                       $494,803                          $468,928                             5.5    %               $468,928                          $456,138                           2.8    %
stock-based compensation                         123,896                            78,116                            58.6                      78,116                            65,951                          18.4
capitalized salaries and related costs         (239,928)                         (183,540)                            30.7                   (183,540)                         (200,530)                         (8.5)
acquisition-related costs                            721                             2,832                          (74.5)                       2,832                                 -                         100.0
other expenses                                    26,556                            25,098                             5.8                      25,098                            13,813                          81.7
total research and development                  $406,048                          $391,434                             3.7    %               $391,434                          $335,372                          16.7    %
as a percentage of revenue                          10.7    %                         10.8    %                                                   10.8    %                          9.7    %
the increase in research and development expenses for 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to higher payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, as a result of headcount growth from our strategic initiatives, annual merit increases, the increased expected achievement of our performance-based compensation plans, a new compensation program tied to our initiative to migrate third-party cloud services onto akamai connected cloud and higher average equity awards to employees driven by the talent market. additionally, stock-based compensation increased due to the shift in one of our compensation programs from cash-based to stock-based. these increases were partially offset by an increase in capitalized salaries and related costs as we focused resources to work on development activities related to our platform.
the increase in research and development expenses for 2022 as compared to 2021 was due to higher payroll and related costs and related stock-based compensation as a result of headcount growth from employees joining us through acquisitions, a reduction in capitalized salaries and related costs as a result of a shift in resources to work on core maintenance activities related to our platform and an increase in other expenses due to an increase in the use of third-party cloud services to support our research and development activities.
table of contents research and development costs are expensed as incurred, other than certain internal-use software development costs eligible for capitalization. capitalized development costs consist of payroll and related costs for personnel and external consulting expenses involved in the development of internal-use software used to deliver our services and operate our network. for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we capitalized $77.0 million, $30.0 million and $32.2 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation. these capitalized internal-use software development costs are amortized to cost of revenue over their estimated useful lives, ranging from two to ten years based on the software developed and its expected useful life.
we expect our research and development costs to increase in 2024, in particular payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, in support of our faster growing security and compute solutions. however, we plan to continue to focus our efforts on managing our operating margins.
sales and marketing expenses sales and marketing expenses consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,                                                            for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                       2022                        % change                        2022                              2021                      % change payroll and related costs                       $376,305                          $374,110                             0.6    %               $374,110                          $366,501                           2.1    %
stock-based compensation                          66,453                            47,789                            39.1                      47,789                            46,342                           3.1
marketing programs and related costs              59,151                            55,033                             7.5                      55,033                            40,553                          35.7
acquisition-related costs                          1,387                             2,166                          (36.0)                       2,166                                 -                         100.0
other expenses                                    29,930                            23,311                            28.4                      23,311                             8,571                         172.0
total sales and marketing                       $533,226                          $502,409                             6.1    %               $502,409                          $461,967                           8.8    %
as a percentage of revenue                          14.0    %                         13.9    %                                                   13.9    %                         13.3    %
the increase in sales and marketing expenses for 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to higher payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, as a result of annual merit increases, headcount growth and the increased expected achievement of our performance-based compensation plans and other expenses due to increased travel expenses associated with customer meetings and sales events. additionally, stock-based compensation increased due to the shift in one of our compensation programs from cash-based to stock-based.
the increase in sales and marketing expenses for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased marketing programs and related costs due to advertising and customer events held in 2022. other expenses also increased due to travel associated with customer events and meetings, as well as a sales recognition event during 2022 that did not occur in 2021. such events and travel costs were higher in 2022 than in 2021 due to the rollback of covid-19 pandemic-related restrictions that had been in place in the prior year.
we expect sales and marketing costs to increase in 2024 as compared to 2023, due to our continued investment in go-to-market efforts. however, we plan to continue to carefully manage costs in an effort to manage our operating margins.
table of contents general and administrative expenses general and administrative expenses consisted of the following for the periods presented (in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,                                                            for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                    2022                        % change                        2022                              2021                      % change payroll and related costs                    $218,272                          $213,772                             2.1    %               $213,772                          $223,238                         (4.2)    %
stock-based compensation                       94,316                            62,926                            49.9                      62,926                            63,324                         (0.6)
depreciation and amortization                  65,817                            74,225                          (11.3)                      74,225                            81,934                         (9.4)
facilities-related costs                       90,061                           103,473                          (13.0)                     103,473                           100,769                           2.7
provision for doubtful accounts                 1,649                             7,042                          (76.6)                       7,042                               763                         822.9
acquisition-related costs                       8,050                            19,071                          (57.8)                      19,071                            13,317                          43.2
software and related service costs             55,714                            50,320                            10.7                      50,320                            40,861                          23.1
other expenses                                 66,972                            53,377                            25.5                      53,377                            28,818                          85.2
total general and administrative             $600,851                          $584,206                             2.8    %               $584,206                          $553,024                           5.6    %
as a percentage of revenue                       15.8    %                         16.2    %                                                   16.2    %                         16.0    %
the increase in general and administrative expenses for 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to higher payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, as a result of annual merit increases, headcount growth, the increased expected achievement of our performance-based compensation plans and higher average equity awards to employees driven by the talent market and other expenses due to increased professional service fees to support our business. additionally, stock-based compensation increased due to the shift in one of our compensation programs from cash-based to stock-based. these increases were partially offset by decreases in facilities-related costs as a result of growth in sublease income from the execution of our flexbase program and acquisition-related costs in connection with our acquisition of linode in the first quarter of 2022.
the increase in general and administrative expenses for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased software and related service costs as we transition to and expand usage of cloud-based applications to support our operations, other expenses related to an increase in professional service fees to support our business and acquisition-related costs primarily related to our acquisition of linode. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in payroll and related costs due to a decline in performance-based compensation program achievement.
general and administrative expenses for 2023, 2022 and 2021 are broken out by category as follows (in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,                                                            for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                          2022                        % change                        2022                              2021                      % change global functions                                   $246,753                          $212,674                            16.0    %               $212,674                          $212,456                           0.1    %
as a percentage of revenue                              6.5    %                          5.9    %                                                    5.9    %                          6.1    %
infrastructure                                           344,399                      345,391                           (0.3)                     345,391                           326,480                           5.8
as a percentage of revenue                              9.0    %                          9.6    %                                                    9.6    %                          9.4    %
other                                                      9,699                       26,141                          (62.9)                      26,141                            14,088                          85.6
total general and administrative expenses          $600,851                          $584,206                             2.8    %               $584,206                          $553,024                           5.6    %
as a percentage of revenue                             15.8    %                         16.2    %                                                   16.2    %                         16.0    %
global functions expense includes payroll, stock-based compensation and other employee-related costs for administrative functions, including finance, purchasing, order entry, human resources, legal, information technology and executive personnel, as well as third-party professional service fees. infrastructure expense includes payroll, stock-based compensation and other employee-related costs for our network infrastructure functions, as well as facility rent expense, depreciation and amortization of facility- and it-related assets, software and related service costs, business insurance and taxes. our network infrastructure function is responsible for network planning, sourcing, architecture evaluation and platform security. other expense includes acquisition-related costs and provision for doubtful accounts.
table of contents during 2024, we expect our general and administrative expenses to increase as compared to 2023, in particular payroll and related costs, including stock-based compensation, due to the impact of mid-year merit increases and headcount growth to support the operations of the business. however, we plan to continue to control costs, including reducing our real estate expenses due to excess capacity created by our flexbase program, in an effort to manage our operating margins.
amortization of acquired intangible assets for the years ended december 31,                                                        for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                               2023                            2022                  % change                          2022                            2021                  % change amortization of acquired intangible assets           $66,751                         $64,983                           2.7   %               $64,983                         $48,019                          35.3   %
as a percentage of revenue                               1.8    %                        1.8    %                                                1.8    %                        1.4    %
the increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets for 2023 as compared to 2022, as well as 2022 as compared to 2021, was the result of amortization of acquired intangible assets related to our recent acquisitions. based on acquired intangible assets as of december 31, 2023, future amortization is expected to be $84.8 million, $80.5 million, $76.1 million, $62.0 million and $49.6 million for the years ending december 31, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.
restructuring charge for the years ended december 31,                                                        for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                             2023                            2022                  % change                          2022                            2021                  % change restructuring charge               $56,643                         $13,529                         318.7   %               $13,529                         $10,737                          26.0   %
as a percentage of revenue             1.5    %                        0.4    %                                                0.4    %                        0.3    %
the restructuring charge in 2023 was driven by our flexbase program as we exited certain facilities that were no longer needed, resulting in impairments of right-of-use-assets and leasehold improvements. additional charges related to this action may occur; however, we do not expect such charges will materially impact our financial condition or results of operations, and we expect to continue to evaluate our facility footprint going forward. additionally, the restructuring charge in 2023 included the result of certain actions initiated in the first quarter of 2023. management's commitment to an action to restructure certain parts of the company was to enable the prioritization of investments in the fastest growing areas of the business. the restructuring charge for this action includes severance and related expenses for certain headcount reductions.
the restructuring charge in 2022 was primarily related to software impairment charges related to our investment with mitsubishi ufj financial group ("mufg") in the joint venture global open network, inc. ("go-net"), and mufg's decision to suspend go-net's operations, and impairments of right-of-use-assets for facilities that are no longer needed as a result of our flexbase program.
the restructuring charge in 2021 was primarily the result of management's actions initiated in the fourth quarter of 2020 to better position us to become more agile in delivering our solutions. the restructuring charge for this action includes severance and related expenses for certain headcount reductions and software charges for software not yet placed into service that will not be implemented due to this action. in addition to the 2020 action, additional charges were incurred in 2021, related to management's launch of its new flexbase program in may 2022. the restructuring charge incurred for this program in 2021 includes impairments of lease-related assets for certain facilities that are no longer needed. these restructuring charges were partially offset by the release of a lease obligation for a facility previously exited as part of management actions initiated in late 2019.
table of contents non-operating income (expense)
for the years ended december 31,                                                              for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                                    2023                              2022                        % change                        2022                              2021                        % change interest and marketable securities income, net            $45,194                            $3,258                         1,287.2    %                 $3,258                           $15,620                          (79.1)    %
as a percentage of revenue                                    1.2    %                          0.1    %                                                    0.1    %                          0.5    %
interest expense                                        $(17,709)                         $(11,096)                            59.6    %              $(11,096)                         $(72,332)                          (84.7)    %
as a percentage of revenue                                  (0.5)    %                        (0.3)    %                                                  (0.3)    %                        (2.1)    %
other (expense) income, net                             $(12,296)                         $(10,433)                            17.9    %              $(10,433)                            $1,785                         (684.5)    %
as a percentage of revenue                                  (0.3)    %                        (0.3)    %                                                  (0.3)    %                          0.1    %
interest and marketable securities income, net primarily consists of interest earned on invested cash and marketable securities balances and income and losses on mutual funds that are associated with our employee non-qualified deferred compensation plan. the increase to interest and marketable securities income, net for 2023 as compared to 2022 was the result of increased marketable securities balances as a result of our august 2023 issuance of $1,265.0 million in par value of convertible senior notes due 2029 and higher interest rates, as well as increased gains associated with the non-qualified deferred compensation plan. the decrease to interest and marketable securities income, net for 2022 as compared to 2021 was due to increased losses associated with the non-qualified deferred compensation plan and lower interest earned on invested cash balances and marketable securities as a result of lower marketable securities balances in 2022 due to the funding of our acquisitions of linode and guardicore.
interest expense is related to our debt transactions, which are described in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the increase to interest expense for 2023 as compared to 2022 was primarily due to the august 2023 issuance of $1,265.0 million in par value of convertible senior notes due 2029. the decrease to interest expense for 2022 as compared to 2021 was the result of the adoption of the new guidance for accounting for convertible senior notes on january 1, 2022, which resulted in the elimination of the amortization of debt discounts.
other (expense) income, net primarily represents net foreign exchange gains and losses mainly due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations on intercompany transactions and other non-operating expense and income items as well as gains and losses on equity investments. other (expense) income, net for 2022 includes impairments of $8.9 million from equity investments, partially offset by a favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. other (expense) income, net for 2021 includes a $3.7 million gain from the sale of an equity investment. other income (expense), net may fluctuate in the future based on changes in foreign currency exchange rates or other events.
provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31,                                                          for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                               2023                              2022                  % change                              2022                            2021                  % change provision for income taxes          $106,373                          $126,696                       (16.0)      %                $126,696                         $62,571                         102.5   %
as a percentage of revenue               2.8    %                          3.5    %                                                    3.5    %                        1.8    %
effective income tax rate               16.3    %                         19.3    %                                                   19.3    %                        8.6    %
the decrease in the provision for income taxes for 2023 as compared to 2022 was mainly due to a reduction in intercompany sales of intellectual property and the tax on global intangible low-taxed income. these items were partially offset by a decrease in the excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation and the revaluation of certain foreign income tax liabilities due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
the increase in the provision for income taxes for 2022 as compared to 2021 was mainly due to an intercompany sale of intellectual property, an increase in the tax on global intangible low-taxed income, a decrease in foreign income taxed at lower rates and a decrease in the excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation. these amounts were partially offset by a decrease in profitability.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, our effective income tax rate was lower than the federal statutory tax rate due to foreign income taxed at lower rates and the benefit of u.s. federal, state and foreign research and development credits. these amounts were partially offset by non-deductible stock-based compensation and the tax on global intangible low-taxed income.
table of contents for the year ended december 31, 2022, our effective income tax rate was lower than the federal statutory tax rate due to foreign income taxed at lower rates and the benefit of u.s. federal, state and foreign research and development credits. these amounts were partially offset by non-deductible stock-based compensation, tax on global intangible low-taxed income and an intercompany sale of intellectual property.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, our effective income tax rate was lower than the federal statutory tax rate due to foreign income taxed at lower rates, the excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation and the benefit of u.s. federal, state and foreign research and development credits. these amounts were partially offset by non-deductible stock-based compensation and state income taxes.
our effective income tax rate may fluctuate between fiscal years and from quarter to quarter due to items arising from discrete events, such as tax benefits from the settlement of employee equity awards, tax law changes and settlements of tax audits and assessments. our effective income tax rate is also impacted by, and may fluctuate in any given period because of, the composition of income in foreign jurisdictions where tax rates differ depending on the local statutory rates. the organisation for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") and participating oecd member countries continue to work toward the enactment of a 15% global minimum corporate tax rate. the global minimum tax is a significant structural change to the international taxation framework, which is expected to affect us beginning in 2024. although global enactment has begun, the oecd and participating countries continue to work on defining the underlying rules and administrative procedures. we are currently monitoring these developments and evaluating the impact. while we anticipate that our effective income tax rate will increase as a result of these changes, we do not expect it to have a material impact to our results of operations or cash flows.
see "risk factors" and refer to note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective income tax rate in the next 12 months.
(gain) loss from equity method investment for the years ended december 31,                                                                                                          for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                  2023                                        2022                  % change                            2022                            2021                  % change
(gain) loss from equity method investment       $(1,475)                             $7,635                       (119.3)     %                $7,635                         $14,008                       (45.5)      %
as a percentage of revenue                      -             %                         0.2    %                                                  0.2    %                        0.4    %
the amounts reflected in (gain) loss from equity method investment relate to our investment with mufg in a joint venture, go-net. go-net intended to operate a blockchain-based online payment network. in february 2022, mufg, the majority owner of go-net, announced it was preparing to suspend the operations of go-net and to ultimately liquidate it. the gain from equity method investment in 2023 was related to the liquidation and disbursement of our portion of go-net's remaining assets, which were previously impaired. the loss from equity method investment in 2022 was the result of our impairment of our investment in go-net in the first quarter of 2022 since the operations will no longer generate future cash flows. we recorded a loss of $14.0 million in 2021, which reflects our share of the losses incurred by go-net during that year. we do not expect additional activity related to this investment.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to providing financial measurements based on generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap") we provide additional financial metrics that are not prepared in accordance with gaap ("non-gaap financial measures"). management uses non-gaap financial measures, in addition to gaap financial measures, to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, for financial and operational decision making, for planning and forecasting purposes, to measure executive compensation and to evaluate our financial performance. these non-gaap financial measures are non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin, non-gaap net income, non-gaap net income per diluted share, adjusted ebitda, adjusted ebitda margin, capital expenditures and impact of foreign currency exchange rates, as discussed below.
management believes that these non-gaap financial measures reflect our ongoing business in a manner that allows for meaningful comparisons and analysis of trends in the business, as they facilitate comparison of financial results across accounting periods and to those of our peer companies. management also believes that these non-gaap financial measures enable investors to evaluate our operating results and future prospects in the same manner as management. these non-gaap table of contents financial measures may exclude expenses and gains that may be unusual in nature, infrequent or not reflective of our ongoing operating results.
the non-gaap financial measures do not replace the presentation of our gaap financial measures and should only be used as a supplement to, not as a substitute for, our financial results presented in accordance with gaap.
the non-gaap adjustments, and our basis for excluding them from non-gaap financial measures, are outlined below:
•amortization of acquired intangible assets - we have incurred amortization of intangible assets, included in our gaap financial statements, related to various acquisitions we have made. the amount of an acquisition's purchase price allocated to intangible assets and term of its related amortization can vary significantly and is unique to each acquisition; therefore, we exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets from our non-gaap financial measures to provide investors with a consistent basis for comparing pre- and post-acquisition operating results.
•stock-based compensation and amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation - although stock-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation paid to our employees, the grant date fair value varies based on the stock price at the time of grant, varying valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types. this makes the comparison of our current financial results to previous and future periods difficult to interpret; therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation and amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation from our non-gaap financial measures in order to highlight the performance of our core business and to be consistent with the way many investors evaluate our performance and compare our operating results to peer companies.
•acquisition-related costs - acquisition-related costs include transaction fees, advisory fees, due diligence costs and other direct costs associated with strategic activities, as well as certain additional compensation costs payable to employees acquired from the linode acquisition if employed for a certain period of time. the additional compensation cost was initiated by and determined by the seller and is in addition to normal levels of compensation, including retention programs, offered by akamai. acquisition-related costs are impacted by the timing and size of the acquisitions, and we exclude acquisition-related costs from our non-gaap financial measures to provide a useful comparison of operating results to prior periods and to peer companies because such amounts vary significantly based on the magnitude of our acquisition transactions and do not reflect our core operations.
•restructuring charge - we have incurred restructuring charges from programs that have significantly changed either the scope of the business undertaken by us or the manner in which that business is conducted. these charges include severance and related expenses for workforce reductions, impairments of long-lived assets that will no longer be used in operations (including right-of-use assets, other facility-related property and equipment and internal-use software) and termination fees for any contracts cancelled as part of these programs. we exclude these items from our non-gaap financial measures when evaluating our continuing business performance as such items vary significantly based on the magnitude of the restructuring action and do not reflect expected future operating expenses. in addition, these charges do not necessarily provide meaningful insight into the fundamentals of current or past operations of our business.
•amortization of debt discount and issuance costs and amortization of capitalized interest expense - we have convertible senior notes outstanding that mature in 2029, 2027 and 2025. the issuance costs of the convertible senior notes are amortized to interest expense and are excluded from our non-gaap results because management believes the non-cash amortization expense is not representative of ongoing operating performance. the imputed interest rates of the 2027 and 2025 convertible senior notes were 3.10% and 4.26%, respectively. this is a result of the debt discounts recorded for the conversion features that, prior to january 1, 2022, were required to be separately accounted for as equity under gaap, thereby reducing the carrying values of the convertible debt instruments. the debt discounts were amortized as interest expense. on january 1, 2022, we adopted the new guidance for accounting for convertible instruments. this new guidance eliminated separate accounting for the equity portion, and thus the amortization of the debt discount that was recorded as interest expense. prior to january 1, 2022, we excluded this non-cash interest expense from our non-gaap results because it was not representative of ongoing operating performance. after january 1, 2022, this interest expense is no longer included in or excluded from gaap or non-gaap results.

•gains and losses on investments - we have recorded gains and losses from the disposition, changes to fair value and impairment of certain investments. we believe excluding these amounts from our non-gaap financial measures is useful to investors as the types of events giving rise to these gains and losses are not representative of our core business operations and ongoing operating performance.
•gains and losses from equity method investment - we record income or losses on our share of earnings and losses from our equity method investment, and any gains from returns of investments or impairments. we exclude such income and losses because we do not have direct control over the operations of the investment and the related income and losses are not representative of our core business operations.
•income tax effect of non-gaap adjustments and certain discrete tax items - the non-gaap adjustments described above are reported on a pre-tax basis. the income tax effect of non-gaap adjustments is the difference between gaap and non-gaap income tax expense. non-gaap income tax expense is computed on non-gaap pre-tax income (gaap pre-tax income adjusted for non-gaap adjustments) and excludes certain discrete tax items (such as the impact of intercompany sales of intellectual property related to our acquisitions), if any. we believe that applying the non-gaap adjustments and their related income tax effect allows us to highlight income attributable to our core operations.
the following table reconciles gaap income from operations to non-gaap income from operations and non-gaap operating margin for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands):
2023                                                                                                                                   2022                         2021
income from operations                                                                            $637,338                     $676,274                     $783,148
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                                          66,751                       64,983                       48,019
stock-based compensation                                                                           328,467                      217,185                      202,759
amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation and capitalized interest expense               32,981                       31,768                       35,894
restructuring charge                                                                                56,643                       13,529                       10,737
acquisition-related costs                                                                           13,345                       29,049                       13,317
non-gaap income from operations                                                                 $1,135,525                   $1,032,788                   $1,093,874
gaap operating margin                                                                                 16.7   %                     18.7   %                     22.6   %
non-gaap operating margin                                                                             29.8   %                     28.6   %                     31.6   %
the following table reconciles gaap net income to non-gaap net income for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands):
2023                                                                                                          2022                      2021
net income                                                                                      $547,629                  $523,672                  $651,642
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                                        66,751                    64,983                    48,019
stock-based compensation                                                                         328,467                   217,185                   202,759
amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation and capitalized interest expense             32,981                    31,768                    35,894
restructuring charge                                                                              56,643                    13,529                    10,737
acquisition-related costs                                                                         13,345                    29,049                    13,317
amortization of debt discount and issuance costs                                                   5,341                     4,395                    66,025
(gain) loss on investments                                                                         (311)                     8,260                   (3,680)
(gain) loss from equity method investment                                                        (1,475)                     7,635                    14,008
income tax effect of above non-gaap adjustments and certain discrete tax items                  (89,364)                  (42,768)                  (96,164)
non-gaap net income                                                                             $960,007                  $857,708                  $942,557
table of contents the following table reconciles gaap net income per diluted share to non-gaap net income per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands, except per share data):
2023                                                                                                                         2022                    2021
gaap net income per diluted share                                                                $3.52                   $3.26                   $3.93
adjustments to net income:
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                                        0.43                    0.40                    0.29
stock-based compensation                                                                          2.11                    1.35                    1.22
amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation and capitalized interest expense             0.21                    0.20                    0.22
restructuring charge                                                                              0.36                    0.08                    0.06
acquisition-related costs                                                                         0.09                    0.18                    0.08
amortization of debt discount and issuance costs                                                  0.03                    0.03                    0.40
(gain) loss on investments                                                                           -                    0.05                  (0.02)
(gain) loss from equity method investment                                                       (0.01)                    0.05                    0.08
income tax effect of above non-gaap adjustments and certain discrete tax items                  (0.58)                  (0.27)                  (0.58)
adjustment for shares (1)                                                                         0.02                    0.02                    0.06
non-gaap net income per diluted share (2)                                                        $6.20                   $5.37                   $5.74
shares used in gaap per diluted share calculations                                             155,397                 160,467                 165,804
impact of benefit from note hedge transactions (1)                                               (574)                   (720)                 (1,600)
shares used in non-gaap per diluted share calculations (1)                                     154,823                 159,747                 164,204
(1) shares used in non-gaap per diluted share calculations have been adjusted for the periods presented for the benefit of our note hedge transactions. during the periods presented, our average stock price was in excess of $95.10, which is the initial conversion price of our convertible senior notes due in 2025. see further discussion below.
(2) may not foot due to rounding.
non-gaap net income per diluted share is calculated as non-gaap net income divided by weighted average diluted common shares outstanding. diluted weighted average common shares outstanding are adjusted in non-gaap per share calculations for the shares that would be delivered to us pursuant to the note hedge transactions entered into in connection with the issuance of $1,265 million of convertible senior notes due 2029 and the issuances of $1,150 million of convertible senior notes due 2027 and 2025, respectively. under gaap, shares delivered under hedge transactions are not considered offsetting shares in the fully-diluted share calculation until they are delivered. however, we would receive a benefit from the note hedge transactions and would not allow the dilution to occur, so management believes that adjusting for this benefit provides a meaningful view of operating performance. with respect to the convertible senior notes due in each of 2029, 2027 and 2025, unless our weighted average stock price is greater than $126.31, $116.18 and $95.10, respectively, the initial conversion prices, there will be no difference between gaap and non-gaap diluted weighted average common shares outstanding.
we consider adjusted ebitda to be another important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our business and a good measure of our historical operating trends. adjusted ebitda eliminates items that we do not consider to be part of our core operations. we define adjusted ebitda as gaap net income excluding the following items: interest and marketable securities income and losses; income taxes; depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets; stock-based compensation; amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation; acquisition-related costs; restructuring charges; foreign exchange gains and losses; interest expense; amortization of capitalized interest expense; certain gains and losses on investments; income and losses from equity method investments; and other non-recurring or unusual items that may arise from time to time. adjusted ebitda margin represents adjusted ebitda stated as a percentage of revenue.
table of contents the following table reconciles gaap net income to adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands):
2023                                                                                                                                   2022                         2021
net income                                                                                        $547,629                     $523,672                     $651,642
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                                          66,751                       64,983                       48,019
stock-based compensation                                                                           328,467                      217,185                      202,759
amortization of capitalized stock-based compensation and capitalized interest expense               32,981                       31,768                       35,894
restructuring charge                                                                                56,643                       13,529                       10,737
acquisition-related costs                                                                           13,345                       29,049                       13,317
interest and marketable securities income, net                                                    (45,194)                      (3,258)                     (15,620)
interest expense                                                                                    17,709                       11,096                       72,332
provision for income taxes                                                                         106,373                      126,696                       62,571
depreciation and amortization                                                                      472,035                      496,909                      467,048
(gain) loss on investments                                                                           (311)                        8,260                      (3,680)
(gain) loss from equity method investment                                                          (1,475)                        7,635                       14,008
other expense, net                                                                                  12,607                        2,173                        1,895
adjusted ebitda                                                                                 $1,607,560                   $1,529,697                   $1,560,922
net income margin                                                                                     14.4   %                     14.5   %                     18.8   %
adjusted ebitda margin                                                                                42.2   %                     42.3   %                     45.1   %
impact of foreign currency exchange rates revenue and earnings from our international operations have historically been an important contributor to our financial results. consequently, our financial results have been impacted, and management expects they will continue to be impacted, by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. for example, when the local currencies of our international subsidiaries weaken, generally our consolidated results stated in u.s. dollars are negatively impacted.
because exchange rates are a meaningful factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, management believes the presentation of the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on revenue and earnings enhances the understanding of our financial results and evaluation of performance in comparison to prior periods. the dollar impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates presented is calculated by translating current period results using monthly average foreign currency exchange rates from the comparative period and comparing them to the reported amount. the percentage change at constant currency presented is calculated by comparing the prior period amounts as reported and the current period amounts translated using the same monthly average foreign currency exchange rates from the comparative period.
liquidity and capital resources to date, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private sales of debt and equity securities and cash generated by operations. as of december 31, 2023, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, which primarily consisted of corporate bonds, u.s. government agency obligations and money market funds, totaled $2.3 billion. we place our cash investments in instruments that meet high-quality credit standards, as specified in our investment policy. our investment policy also limits the amount of our credit exposure to any one issue or issuer and seeks to manage these assets to achieve our goals of preserving principal and maintaining adequate liquidity at all times.
changes in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are dependent upon changes in, among other things, working capital items such as accounts receivable, deferred revenue, accounts payable, various accrued expenses and operating lease obligations, as well as changes in our capital and financial structure due to common stock repurchases, debt repayments and issuances, acquisitions, purchases and sales of marketable securities, cash paid for acquisitions and similar events. we believe that our strong balance sheet and cash position are important competitive differentiators that provide the financial stability and flexibility to enable us to continue to make investments at opportune times. we expect to continue to evaluate strategic investments to strengthen our business.
table of contents as of december 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of $232.9 million held in accounts outside the u.s. the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act establishes a territorial tax system in the u.s., which provides companies with the potential ability to repatriate earnings with minimal u.s. federal income tax impact. as a result, our liquidity is not expected to be materially impacted by the amount of cash and cash equivalents held in accounts outside the u.s.
cash provided by operating activities for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                                         2023   2022                                2021
net income                                                    $547,629                            $523,672                            $651,642
non-cash reconciling items included in net income              931,507                             756,321                             793,445
changes in operating assets and liabilities                  (130,697)                             (5,317)                            (40,524)
net cash flows provided by operating activities             $1,348,439                          $1,274,676                          $1,404,563
the increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to increased profitability in 2023, as well as cash paid for income taxes related to an intercompany sale of intellectual property and additional compensation costs paid to employees acquired from the linode acquisition based on an agreement with the acquiree, both of which occurred in 2022 and did not re-occur in 2023.
the decrease in cash provided by operating activities for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to income taxes paid on an intercompany sale of intellectual property, lower profitability and timing of vendor payments.
cash used in investing activities for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                                                                                           2023   2022                                2021
cash paid for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                     $(106,171)                       $(872,091)                          $(598,825)
cash paid for asset acquisitions                                                                               (120,985)                       -                                   -
purchases of property and equipment and capitalization of internal-use software development costs              (730,040)                       (458,302)                           (545,230)
net marketable securities activity                                                                             (884,973)                       714,205                             501,478
other, net                                                                                                       (6,069)                       (6,122)                             (4,322)
net cash used in investing activities                                                                       $(1,848,238)                       $(622,310)                          $(646,899)
the increase in cash used in investing activities in 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to an increase in purchases of marketable securities with the proceeds from our august 2023 issuance of convertible senior notes and purchases of property and equipment related to our compute infrastructure build-out. these increases were partially offset by cash paid for the acquisition of linode in march 2022 and by net marketable securities activity as we sold marketable securities during 2022 to fund the acquisition.
the decrease in cash used in investing activities in 2022 as compared to 2021 was due to a decrease in purchases of marketable securities, as we did not reinvest our matured securities in order to fund our acquisition of linode in march 2022, and a decrease in purchases of property and equipment as we reduced spending related to our delivery solutions as we focused on higher growth initiatives, partially offset by cash paid for the acquisition of linode.
table of contents cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the years ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                                            2023   2022                                2021
activity related to convertible senior notes                   $1,101,028                                  $-                                  $-
activity related to stock-based compensation                      (3,243)                            (25,774)                            (39,480)
repurchases of common stock                                     (654,046)                           (608,010)                           (522,255)
other, net                                                          (360)                               (393)                               (268)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities              $443,379                          $(634,177)                          $(562,003)
the increase in cash provided by financing activities in 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to the net proceeds from our convertible senior notes due 2029 that were issued in august 2023. this increase was partially offset by an increase in repurchases of our common stock.
the increase in cash used in financing activities in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily the result of increased repurchases of our common stock.
our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program that is effective from january 2022 through december 2024, and during 2023, 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 7.8 million, 6.4 million and 4.7 million shares of our common stock, respectively, at an average price per share of $83.83, $94.96 and $109.97, respectively. our goal for the share repurchase program is to offset the dilution created by our employee equity compensation programs over time and provide the flexibility to return capital to stockholders as business and market conditions warrant, while still preserving our ability to pursue other strategic opportunities. the timing and amount of any future common stock repurchases will be determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors.
convertible senior notes in august 2023, we issued $1,265.0 million in principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2029 and entered into related convertible note hedge and warrant transactions. we intend to use a portion of the net proceeds to repay at maturity our $1,150.0 million outstanding aggregate principle amount of convertible senior notes due in 2025. additionally, we used a portion of the net proceeds of the offering for repurchases of our common stock.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $3,565.0 million of convertible senior notes outstanding that are senior unsecured obligations and bear interest payable semi-annually in arrears. these notes mature between may 2025 and february 2029. the terms of the notes and the hedge and warrant transactions are discussed more fully in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
revolving credit facility in november 2022, we entered into a five-year revolving credit agreement ("2022 credit agreement") which replaced the revolving credit agreement that we entered into in may 2018. the 2022 credit agreement allows us to borrow up to $500.0 million at various interest rates and contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all covenants. there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2022 credit agreement as of december 31, 2023. the terms of the revolving credit agreements are discussed more fully in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
operating leases we have entered into operating leases for real estate assets related to office space and co-location assets related to space or racks at co-location facilities and related equipment for our servers and other networking equipment. as of december 31, 2023 the total obligation under these agreements was $1,144.2 million, of which $224.2 million is payable in the next 12 months. we have also executed additional operating leases that will commence in 2024 for $195.0 million. the operating lease terms and maturities are discussed more fully in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k table of contents purchase commitments we enter into long-term agreements with network and internet service providers for bandwidth, as well as execute purchase orders for the purchase of goods or services in the ordinary course of business, which may contain minimum commitments. these minimum commitments may vary from period to period depending on the timing and length of contract renewals with our vendors, and on our plans for network expansion, including our expansion plans related to our compute business.
liquidity outlook based on our present business plan, we expect our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances and our forecasted cash flows from operations to be sufficient to meet our foreseeable cash needs for at least the next 12 months. our foreseeable cash needs, in addition to our recurring operating costs, include our expected capital expenditures, investments in information technology, potential strategic acquisitions, anticipated share repurchases, lease and purchase commitments and settlements of other liabilities.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have entered into indemnification agreements with third parties, including vendors, customers, landlords, our officers and directors, shareholders of acquired companies, joint venture partners and third parties to which we license technology. generally, these indemnification agreements require us to reimburse losses suffered by a third party due to various events, such as lawsuits arising from patent or copyright infringement or our negligence. these indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with the authoritative guidance for guarantor's accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees, including indirect guarantees of indebtedness of others. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of these indemnification agreements. the fair value of guarantees issued or modified during 2023 and 2022 was determined to be immaterial.
significant accounting policies and estimates see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding recent and newly adopted accounting pronouncements.
application of critical accounting policies and estimates overview our md&a is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. these principles require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, cash flow and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. our estimates include those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable and related reserves, valuation and impairment of marketable securities, capitalized internal-use software development costs, goodwill and acquired intangible assets, income tax reserves, impairment and useful lives of long-lived assets and stock-based compensation. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time such estimates are made. actual results may differ from these estimates. for a complete description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
definitions we define our critical accounting policies as those policies that require us to make subjective estimates and judgments about matters that are uncertain and are likely to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. our estimates are based upon assumptions and judgments about matters that are highly uncertain at the time an accounting estimate is made and applied and require us to assess a range of potential outcomes.
table of contents review of critical accounting policies and estimates revenue recognition our contracts with customers sometimes include promises to transfer multiple services to a customer. determining whether services are distinct performance obligations often requires the exercise of judgment by management. advanced features that enhance a main product or service and are highly interrelated are generally not considered distinct; rather, they are combined with the service they relate to into one performance obligation. different determinations related to combining services into performance obligations could result in differences in the timing and amount of revenue recognized in a period.
determination of the standalone selling price ("ssp") for each distinct performance obligation in a contract also requires the exercise of judgment by management. ssp is based on observable inputs such as the price we charge for the service when sold separately, or the discounted list price per management's approved price list. in cases where services are not sold separately or price list rates are not available, a cost-plus-margin approach or adjusted market approach is used to determine ssp. changes to ssp could result in differences in the allocation of transaction price among performance obligations, which could result in differences in the timing and amount of revenue recognized in a period.
from time to time, we enter into contracts to sell services or license technology to unrelated enterprises at or about the same time that we enter into contracts to purchase products or services from the same enterprises. consideration payable to a customer is reviewed as part of the transaction price. if the payment to the customer does not represent payment for a distinct service, revenue is recognized only up to the net amount of consideration after customer payment obligations are considered. different determinations on whether a payment represents a distinct service could result in differences in the amount of revenue recognized.
we may also resell licenses or services of third parties. if we are acting as an agent in an arrangement with a customer to provide third party services, the transaction price reflects only the net amount to which we will be entitled, after accounting for payments made to the third party responsible for satisfying the performance obligation. different determinations on whether we are acting as an agent or a principal could change the amount of revenue recognized.
accounts receivable and related reserves trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amounts and do not bear interest. in addition to trade accounts receivable, our accounts receivable balance includes unbilled accounts that represent revenue recorded for customers that is typically billed within one month. we record allowances against our accounts receivable balance, primarily for current expected credit losses. increases and decreases in the allowance for current expected credit losses are included as a component of general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income.
estimates are used in determining our allowance for current expected credit losses using historical loss rates for the previous twelve months as well as expectations about the future where we have been able to develop forecasts to supports our estimates. in addition, the allowance for current expected credit losses considers outstanding balances on a customer-specific, account-by-account basis. we assess collectability based upon a review of customer receivables from prior sales with collection issues where we no longer believe that the customer has the ability to pay for services previously provided. we also perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers. if such an evaluation indicates that payment is no longer reasonably assured for services provided, any future services provided to that customer will result in the creation of a cash basis reserve until we receive consistent payments.
valuation and impairment of marketable securities we measure the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period. fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. we have certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value (principally cash equivalents and short- and long-term marketable securities) that have been classified as level 1, 2 or 3 within the fair value hierarchy. fair values determined by level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we can access at the reporting date. fair values determined by level 2 inputs utilize data points other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. fair values determined by level 3 inputs are based on unobservable data points for the asset or liability.
table of contents marketable securities are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value below cost basis is determined to be other-than-temporary. we periodically evaluate whether a decline in fair value below cost basis is other-than-temporary by considering available evidence regarding these investments including, among other factors, the duration of the period that, and extent to which, the fair value is less than cost basis; the financial health of, and business outlook for, the issuer, including industry and sector performance and operational and financing cash flow factors; overall market conditions and trends; and our intent and ability to retain our investment in the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in market value. once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, a write-down is recorded and a new cost basis in the security is established. assessing the above factors involves inherent uncertainty. write-downs, if recorded, could be materially different from the actual market performance of marketable securities in our portfolio if, among other things, relevant information related to our investments and marketable securities was not publicly available or other factors not considered by us would have been relevant to the determination of impairment.
impairment of long-lived assets we review our long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets and acquired intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. events that would trigger an impairment review include a change in the use of the asset or forecasted negative cash flows related to the asset. when such events occur, we compare the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted expected future cash flows related to the asset. if this comparison indicates that impairment is present, the amount of the impairment is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. if a readily determinable market price does not exist, fair value is estimated using discounted expected cash flows attributable to the asset. the estimates required to apply this accounting policy include forecasted usage of the long-lived assets, the useful lives of these assets and expected future cash flows. changes in these estimates could materially impact results from operations.
goodwill and acquired intangible assets we test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, as of december 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. we have concluded that we have one reporting unit and that our chief operating decision maker is our chief executive officer and the executive management team. we have assigned the entire balance of goodwill to our one reporting unit. the fair value of the reporting unit was based on our market capitalization as of each of december 31, 2023 and 2022, and it was substantially in excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit at each date.
acquired intangible assets consist of completed technologies, customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, non-compete agreements and acquired license rights. we engage third party valuation specialists to assist us with the initial measurement of the fair value of acquired intangible assets. fair value and useful life determinations may be based on, among other factors, estimates of future expected cash flows, royalty cost savings and appropriate discount rates used in calculating present values. the value of our acquired intangible assets could be different if we had used different assumption. acquired intangible assets, other than goodwill, are amortized over their estimated useful lives based upon the estimated economic value derived from the related intangible assets.
income taxes our provision for income taxes is comprised of a current and a deferred portion. the current income tax provision is calculated as the estimated taxes payable or refundable on tax returns for the current year. the deferred income tax provision is calculated for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards by using expected tax rates in effect in the years during which the differences are expected to reverse or the carryforwards are expected to be realized.
we currently have net deferred tax assets, comprised of net operating loss ("nol"), carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards and deductible temporary differences. our management periodically weighs the positive and negative evidence to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. in determining our net deferred tax assets and valuation allowances, annualized effective tax rates and cash paid for income taxes, management is required to make judgments and estimates about domestic and foreign profitability, the timing and extent of the utilization of nol carryforwards, applicable tax rates, transfer pricing methodologies and tax planning strategies. judgments and estimates related to our projections and assumptions are inherently uncertain; therefore, actual results could differ materially from our projections.
we have recorded certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving our income tax positions. these potential tax liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by different taxing jurisdictions. our estimate of the value of our tax reserves contains assumptions based on past experiences and judgments about table of contents the interpretation of statutes, rules and regulations by taxing jurisdictions. it is possible that the costs of the ultimate tax liability or benefit from these matters may be more or less than the amount that we estimated.
uncertainty in income taxes is recognized in our consolidated financial statements using a two-step process to determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized. first, the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination. if the tax position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained based on technical merit, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that we believe has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
accounting for stock-based compensation we issue stock awards as part of our compensation program which includes stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock units and employee stock purchases related to our employee stock purchase plan. for equity classified awards, we measure the fair value of these awards at the grant date and recognize such fair value as expense over the vesting period. for liability classified awards, the fair value is determined each reporting period beginning at the grant date until final vesting. we have selected the black-scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock option awards and the monte carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based restricted stock unit awards. determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating the expected life of the stock awards and the volatility of the underlying common stock. our assumptions may differ from those used in prior periods. changes to the assumptions may have an impact on the fair value of stock awards, which could have an impact on our financial statements. judgment is also required in estimating the number of stock awards that are expected to be forfeited. should our actual forfeiture rates differ significantly from our estimates, our stock-based compensation expense and results of operations could be materially impacted. in addition, for awards that vest and become exercisable only upon achievement of specified performance conditions, we make judgments and estimates each quarter about the probability that such performance conditions will be met or achieved. changes to the estimates we make from time to time may have an impact on our stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations.
capitalized internal-use software costs we capitalize salaries and related costs, including stock-based compensation, of employees and consultants who devote time to the development of internal-use software development projects, as well as interest expense related to our convertible senior notes. capitalization begins during the application development stage, once the preliminary project stage has been completed. if a project constitutes an enhancement to previously-developed software, we assess whether the enhancement creates additional functionality to the software, thus qualifying the work incurred for capitalization. once the project is available for general release, capitalization ceases and we estimate the useful life of the asset and begin amortization. we periodically assess whether triggering events are present to review internal-use software for impairment. changes in our estimates related to internal-use software would increase or decrease operating expenses or amortization recorded during the period.
