item 1a. risk factors the risk factors described in this section could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and cause the value of our securities to decline. this list of risks is not exhaustive. our ability to attain our goals and objectives is dependent on numerous factors and risks, including, but not limited to, the most significant ones described in this section.
risk related to our international operations the demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, social, political and market conditions, which have had in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have operations in more than 50 countries and our domestic and international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in political, social, economic and labor conditions (including governmental shutdowns), tax laws (including u.s. taxes on foreign earnings), and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact these changes have on demand for our products. in 2023, approximately 69% of our net sales were from international operations.
macroeconomic developments such as impacts from slower growth in geographic regions in which we operate; inflation; raw material, freight and labor availability and cost; energy costs; political, social, supply chain and other disruptions; epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus; and uncertainty in the global credit or financial markets leading to a loss of consumer confidence could result in a material adverse effect on our business as a result of, among other things, lower consumer spending, reduced asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, volatility in securities prices, credit rating downgrades and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
tensions remain in relations between the u.s. and china. in recent years, the u.s. government imposed or increased tariffs on various products imported into the u.s. from china. this has resulted in reciprocal tariffs on goods imported from the u.s. into china. the impacts on our operations to date have not been significant. however, our business could be significantly impacted if additional tariffs or other restrictions are imposed on products. these actions or other developments in international trade relations could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition, business and operational disruptions or delays caused by political, social or economic instability and unrest - such as recent civil, political and economic disturbances in argentina, afghanistan, syria, iraq, yemen, iran, turkey, north korea, hong kong and sri lanka and the related impact on global stability, the russia-ukraine war, the israel-hamas war, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities or natural disasters in various parts of the world - could contribute to a climate of economic and political uncertainty that could have a material adverse effect on our business. the russia-ukraine war that began in february 2022 continued in 2023 and we maintained our position of not shipping products for the russian market throughout the year. the impact of the continuing war and our exit from our russia-related business, as well as any further retaliatory actions taken by russia, the u.s., the european union and other jurisdictions, is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. in october 2023, the war between israel and hamas began. our sales in israel in 2022 were less than 1% of our total net sales and have declined since the beginning of the war. we have experienced some disruptions in our operations in israel and implemented plans to address these disruptions, which included sourcing production from alternative locations while focusing on the continued safety of our israeli employees and their families. the impact of this war and any related hostilities in the middle east region or elsewhere is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic, social, political or market conditions in the u.s. or other countries.
foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, may materially adversely affects our business.
the substantial majority of our net sales in 2023 was in foreign currencies. fluctuations in currency exchange rates, such as those associated with the argentine peso and chinese renminbi which had unfavorable impacts in 2023, may result in a variety of negative effects, including lower net sales, increased costs, lower gross margin percentages, increased allowance for credit losses and/or write-offs of accounts receivable, and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. foreign currency translation decreased our net sales in 2023 by approximately $58 million compared to the prior year.
we monitor our foreign currency exposures and may use hedging instruments to mitigate transactional exposure to changes in foreign currencies. the effectiveness of our hedges in part depends on our ability to accurately forecast our future cash flows, which is particularly difficult during periods of uncertain demand for our products and services and highly volatile foreign currency exchange rates. our hedging activities may offset only a portion, or none at all, of the material adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place and we may incur significant losses from these activities.
our strategy includes increased growth in emerging markets, including china, which creates greater exposure to unstable political conditions, civil unrest, economic volatility, contagious disease and other risks applicable to international operations.
a significant amount of our net sales - approximately 40% in 2023 - originated in emerging markets, which includes countries in asia pacific, latin america, eastern europe and middle east/northern africa. the profitable growth of our business in emerging markets is a significant focus of our long-term growth strategy and our regional results have and can fluctuate significantly based on their economic conditions. our business operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in china, including as a result of its response to tariffs imposed by the u.s. government on goods imported from china, tariffs imposed by china on u.s. goods, the increasing use of economic sanctions and export control restrictions, any trade agreements entered into between the u.s. and china, and tensions related to hong kong and taiwan. our ability to operate in china or other emerging markets has been and may continue to be adversely affected by changes in the laws and regulations of these jurisdictions or their interpretation thereof, including those relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, raw materials, environmental regulations, land use rights, property, foreign currency conversion, the regulation of private enterprises and other matters.
epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus and other adverse developments in emerging markets materially adversely affected our business at various times during the 2020-2023 period. there have been and could be further disruptions in our supply chain or ability to manufacture our products, as well as temporary closures of our facilities or those of our suppliers or customers, which have impacted and could in the future impact our sales and operating results.
if we are unable to successfully expand our business in emerging markets or achieve the return on capital we expect from our investments in these countries, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. in addition to the risks applicable to our international operations, factors that have negatively impacted our operations in these emerging markets from time to time include the less established or reliable legal systems and possible disruptions due to unstable political conditions, civil unrest or economic volatility. these factors can have a material adverse effect on our business in the affected markets by decreasing consumer purchasing power, reducing demand for our products or increasing our costs.
our operations and activities outside of the u.s. subjects us to risks different from and potentially greater than those associated with our domestic operations.
a substantial portion of our employees and assets are located outside of the u.s. and, in 2023, approximately 69% of our sales was generated outside of the u.s. international operations and activities involve risks that are different from and potentially greater than the risks we face in our domestic operations, including changes in foreign political, regulatory and economic conditions, whether nationally, regionally or locally; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; inflation; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; laws and regulations impacting the ability to repatriate foreign earnings; challenges complying with foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to sales, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings; establishing effective controls and procedures to monitor compliance with u.s. laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and similar foreign laws and regulations, such as the uk's bribery act of 2010; differences in lending practices; challenges with complying with applicable export and import control laws and regulations; and differences in language, culture and time zone.
risks related to our business as a manufacturer, our sales and profitability depend upon the availability and cost of raw materials and energy, which are subject to price fluctuations, and our ability to control or offset increases in raw material and labor costs. raw material and freight cost increases have impacted our business.
the markets for the raw materials used in our businesses are challenging and can be volatile, impacting raw material availability and pricing. additionally, energy costs can be volatile and unpredictable. shortages and inflationary or other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor, freight and energy have occurred in the past, and could recur. in 2021 and 2022, we implemented targeted price increases in our materials group reportable segment to address raw material inflation, which began moderating in 2023. if we experience inflationary headwinds in the future, we may implement similar pricing measures. our performance depends in part on our ability to offset increased raw material costs by raising our selling prices or re-engineering our products.
it is also important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment, and other resources from suppliers, and to make timely delivery to customers. we may experience supply chain disruptions due to natural and other disasters or other events, or our existing relationships with suppliers could deteriorate or end in the future. any such disruption in our supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability, and any sustained inability to obtain adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are affected by changes in our markets due to competitive conditions, technological developments, laws and regulations, and customer preferences. if we do not compete effectively or respond appropriately to these changes, it could reduce market demand, or we could lose market share or reduce our selling prices to maintain market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our business.
we face the risk that existing or new competitors, which include some of our customers, distributors, and suppliers, will expand in our key market segments or develop new technologies, enhancing their competitive position relative to ours. competitors also may be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices or other incentives that we cannot or that, to maintain profitability, we may not be able to offer. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or new technologies.
we also are exposed to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be affected by announced price increases, changes in our customer incentive programs, or changes in the customer's ability to achieve incentive targets. changes in customers' preferences for our products can also affect demand for our products and a decline in demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business. in our materials group reportable segment, as supply chain constraints eased in 2022, customers increased inventory levels following a period of reduced availability. in the fourth quarter of 2022, inventories downstream from our company began to unwind swiftly, resulting in lower demand. this continued in 2023, with volume improving sequentially throughout the year.
we are affected by changes in our markets due to increasing environmental standards. if we do not respond appropriately to these changes, it could negatively impact market demand, our market share and pricing, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including those related to the impacts of climate change, adversely affect our business.
a substantial amount of our label materials is sold for use in plastic packaging in the food, beverage, and home and personal care market segments. in recent years, there has been an accelerated focus on sustainability and transparency in sustainability reporting, with greater concern regarding climate change and single-use plastics, corporate commitments and increasing stakeholder expectations regarding the reuse and recyclability of plastic packaging and recycled content, and increased regulation in multiple geographies regarding the collection, recycling and use of recycled content. changes in consumer preferences and laws and regulations related to the use of plastics reduces demand for certain of our products but also has the potential to increase demand for our more sustainable products. we have established a strategic innovation platform, among other things, focused on material circularity and waste elimination/reduction to develop products and solutions that advance the circular economy and address the need for increased recyclability of plastic packaging, in collaboration with our customers and the businesses in our supply chain. we have made considerable investments in our sustainability-driven products, but there can be no assurance that they will be successful, and a significant reduction in the use of plastic packaging could materially adversely affect demand for our products.
the scientific consensus is that the emission of greenhouse gases ("ghg") is altering our atmosphere in ways that are adversely affecting global climate. there is continuing concern from members of the scientific community and the general public that ghg emissions and other human activities have or will cause significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of extreme weather events, including droughts, wildfires and flooding. these types of extreme weather events have and may continue to adversely impact us, our suppliers, our customers and their ability to purchase our products and our ability to timely receive appropriate raw materials to manufacture and transport our products on a timely basis. concern regarding climate change has led and is likely to continue leading to increasing demands by legislators and regulators, customers, consumers, investors, employees and non-governmental organizations for companies to reduce their ghg emissions. one of our 2025 sustainability goals is to achieve at least a 3% absolute reduction in our ghg emissions year-over-year and at least a 26% absolute reduction compared to our 2015 baseline by 2025; we have already exceeded the cumulative 2025 ghg emissions reduction goal. as part of our more ambitious 2030 sustainability goals, we are aiming by 2030 to reduce our scope 1 and 2 ghg emissions by 70% compared to our 2015 baseline and work with our supply chain to reduce scope 3 ghg emissions by 30% against our 2018 baseline; we also have an ambition to be net zero by 2050. we could face risks to our reputation, investor confidence and market share if we are unable to continue reducing our ghg emissions. increased raw material costs, such as for fuel and electricity, and compliance-related costs could also impact customer demand for our products. the extent of the impact of climate change on our business is uncertain, as it will depend on the limits imposed by, and timing of, new or stricter laws and regulations, more stringent environmental standards and expectations, and evolving customer and consumer preferences, but it is likely to increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have recently acquired companies and are likely to acquire other companies. acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration, technology and employees.
to grow existing businesses and expand into new areas, we have made acquisitions and are likely to continue acquiring companies that increase our presence in high value product categories, increase our pace of innovation and advance our sustainability priorities. in 2023, we acquired silver crystal, lion brothers and thermopatch for aggregate purchase consideration of approximately $231 million. in 2022, we acquired textrace and rietveld for aggregate purchase consideration approximately $35 million. the success of any acquisition depends on the ability of the combined company to realize the anticipated benefits from combining our businesses. realizing these benefits depends, in part, on maintaining adequate focus on executing the business strategies of the combined company as well as the successful integration of assets, operations, functions and personnel. we continue to evaluate potential acquisition targets and ensure we have a robust pipeline of potential opportunities.
various risks, uncertainties and costs are associated with acquisitions. effective integration of systems, controls, employees, product lines, market segments, customers, suppliers and production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve and the success of integration activities can be uncertain. while we have not experienced significant issues with our acquisitions to date, if management of our combined company is unable to continue minimizing the potential disruption of the combined company's ongoing business during the integration process, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition may not be fully realized. in addition, the inability to successfully manage the implementation of appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs for the combined company could have a material adverse effect on our business. we may not be able to retain key employees of an acquired company or achieve the projected performance targets for the business into which an acquired company is integrated. both before and after the closing of an acquisition, our business and that of the acquired company may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management attention. future acquisitions could result in increased debt, dilution, liabilities, interest expense, restructuring charges and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. there can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful and contribute to our profitability. further, we may not be able to identify value-accretive acquisition targets that support our strategy of expanding our position in high value product categories or be able to successfully execute additional acquisitions in the future.
a significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business.
a significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business. in recent years, some converter customers served by our materials group reportable segment have consolidated and integrated vertically and some of our largest customers have acquired companies with similar or complementary product lines. industry consolidation could continue to increase the concentration of our business with our largest customers. further consolidation may be accompanied by pressure from customers for us to lower our selling prices. while we have been generally successful at managing customer consolidations in the past, increased pricing pressures from our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
because some of our products are sold by third parties, our business depends in part on the financial condition of these parties and their customers.
some of our products are sold not only by us, but also by third-party distributors. some of our distributors also market products that compete with our products. changes in the financial or business conditions, including economic weakness, market trends or industry consolidation, or the purchasing decisions of these distributors or their customers could materially adversely affect our business.
our reputation, sales, and earnings could be materially adversely affected if the quality of our products and services does not meet customer expectations. in addition, product liability claims or regulatory actions could materially adversely affect our business and reputation.
there are times when we experience product quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or design. these issues are often discovered before shipping, causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, or, occasionally, cancelled orders. when issues are discovered after shipment, they may result in additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds or loss of future sales. both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and negatively impact our reputation.
claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business. in addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments and penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity, reputational harm and loss of brand value. we also could be required to recall and possibly discontinue the sale of products deemed to be defective or unsafe, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, claims are subject to a deductible or may not be covered under the terms of the policy.
changes in our business strategies and the restructuring of our operations affect our costs and the profitability of our businesses. in addition, our profitability may be materially adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement from our restructuring actions than projected.
as our business environment changes, we have adjusted and may need to further adjust our business strategies or restructure our operations or particular businesses. as we continue to develop and adjust our growth strategies, we may invest in new businesses that have short-term returns that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain or could prove unprofitable. we engage in restructuring actions from time to time to reduce our costs and increase efficiencies across our business segments. we expended approximately $79 million in 2023 compared to $8 million for restructuring actions in 2022. our restructuring actions in 2023 included a restructuring plan to further optimize the european footprint of our materials group reportable segment. we had incremental savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs, of approximately $69 million in fiscal year 2023. we intend to continue efforts to reduce costs in all our businesses, which have in the past included, and may continue to include, facility closures and square footage reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation. the success of these efforts is not assured and targeted savings may not be realized. in addition, cost reduction actions can result in restructuring charges and could expose us to production risk, loss of sales and employee turnover. we cannot provide assurance that we will achieve the intended results of any of our restructuring actions, which involve operational complexities, consume management attention and require substantial resources and effort. if we fail to achieve the intended results of such actions, our costs could increase, our assets could be impaired, and our returns on investments could be lower.
our ability to develop and successfully market new products and applications impacts our competitive position.
the timely introduction of new products and improvements to current products helps determine our success. many of our current products are the result of our research and development efforts, for which we expensed $135.8 million in 2023. these efforts are directed primarily toward developing new products and operating techniques and improving product performance, often in close association with our customers or end users. these efforts include patent and product development work relating to printing and coating technologies, as well as adhesive, release and ink chemistries in materials group. we focus on research projects related to rfid and external embellishments in solutions group, for which we have and license a number of patents. additionally, our research and development efforts include sustainable innovation and design of products that increase the use of recycled content, reduce waste, extend life or enable recycling. research and development is complex and uncertain, requiring innovation and anticipation of market trends, which means that the costs of these expenditures may not be recovered through additional sales. we could focus on products that ultimately are not accepted by customers or end users or we could experience delays in the production or launch of new products could compromise our competitive position.
our infrastructure needs impact our business and expenditures.
we continue to invest in our long-term growth and margin expansion plans, with $285.1 million in capital expenditures, including fixed assets and information technology, in 2023. we may not be able to recoup the costs of our infrastructure investments if actual demand is not as we anticipate. in recent years, we expanded materials group's manufacturing capabilities in india and a location in indiana; moved our solutions group's vietnam business into a new, expanded facility; and made additional investments in both capacity and business development globally for our intelligent labels rfid platform, including new facilities in brazil and mexico. we also transferred materials group's european medical capacity from belgium to ireland. in addition, we added capacity through our acquisitions of silver crystal, lion brothers and thermopatch in 2023. infrastructure investments, which are long-term in nature, may not generate the expected return due to changes in the marketplace, failures in execution, and other factors. significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on our infrastructure investments could materially adversely affect our business.
difficulty in the collection of receivables as a result of economic conditions or other market factors could have a material adverse effect on our business.
although we have processes to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for credit losses is adequate, we have increased the allowance due to, for example, epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, supply chain challenges, issues with raw material availability and cost, freight and labor availability, and inflationary pressures, and in the future may experience losses as a result of our inability to collect some of our accounts receivable. a customer's financial difficulties are likely to result in reduced business with that customer. we may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. if these developments were to occur widely in our customer base, our inability to collect on our accounts receivable from customers could substantially reduce our cash flows and income and have a material adverse effect on our business.
there is a rapidly evolving awareness and focus from stakeholders, including our investors, customers and employees, with respect to global climate change and our company's sustainability and governance practices, which could affect our business.
investor and societal expectations with respect to sustainability or governance matters have been evolving and increasing. we risk damage to our reputation if we do not continue to act responsibly with respect to these matters in the following key areas: environmental stewardship; dei; corporate governance; support for our communities; and transparency. a failure to adequately meet stakeholders' expectations could result in loss of business, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract and retain customers and personnel, increased negative investor sentiment toward us and/or our customers and the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and access to and cost of capital.
epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, and restrictions intended to prevent their spread, could materially adversely impact our business.
epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus in the markets in which we do business, and actions taken to contain or prevent their further spread, could materially impact our business, as they did at various times during the 2020-2023 period. they could result in restrictive governmental measures being implemented to control their spread, including quarantines, restrictions on travel, "shelter in place" rules, stay-at-home orders, density limitations, social distancing measures, and/or restrictions on types of business that may continue to operate, which could materially adversely affect our business.
risks related to information technology significant disruption to the information technology infrastructure that stores our information could materially adversely affect our business.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large and complex information technology infrastructure to link our global business. like all information technology systems, ours are susceptible to a number of risks including, but not limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures, human error, viruses, social engineering, phishing, ransomware or other malicious attacks and data security breaches. we upgrade and install new systems, which, if installed or programmed incorrectly or on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of transactions. we have continued to implement measures to mitigate our risk related to system and network disruptions, but if a significant disruption were to occur, we could incur significant losses and remediation costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business.
additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology processes, including system infrastructure management, application management, and software as a service. while we have matured our cybersecurity due diligence process, this reliance on third parties makes our operations vulnerable to a failure by any one of these vendors to perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls.
cybersecurity or other security breaches could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation.
we maintain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form, which is stored in data centers and on our networks and third-party cloud services, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees. the secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations. data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. we develop and maintain systems and processes at significant cost to prevent this from occurring, but these systems require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. we experience non-material cybersecurity events each year that are escalated through our documented and tested security incident response plan, and although we have not experienced a significant breach in recent years, the possibility of intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be eliminated entirely. our information technology and infrastructure are vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, and the threat landscape remains challenging with our digital business transformation, hybrid workforces, the increasing use of artificial intelligence, and interconnected supply chains expanding the risk of attack. we also perform cybersecurity due diligence and mitigate identified risks during our m&a due diligence process; however, there is still a risk that a recent or future acquisition experiences an event that could lead to a breach before risks are able to be mitigated.
additionally, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. while we obtain written agreements and assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where appropriate, assess the protections utilized by these third parties, we are aware of suppliers in our ecosystem who have experienced security events, and there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised.
breaches or attacks can compromise our network, the network of a third party to whom we have disclosed confidential, proprietary or personal information, a data center where we have stored such information or a third-party cloud service provider, and the information stored there can be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any access, disclosure or loss of information could disrupt our operations, result in legal claims or proceedings, damage our reputation, impair our ability to conduct business, or result in the loss or diminished value of profitable opportunities and the loss of revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. contractual provisions with third parties, including cloud service providers, often substantially limit our ability to fully recover our losses. if the personal information of our customers or employees were to be misappropriated, we could incur costs to compensate our customers or employees or pay damages or fines as a result of litigation or regulatory actions and our reputation with our customers and employees could be injured, resulting in loss of business or decline in morale. data privacy legislation and regulation have been increasing in recent years - including, for example, the general data protection regulation in the eu, the personal information protection law in china, the general data protection law in brazil and the state of california's privacy rights act - and although we have made reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory action in the event of a data privacy violation.
cybersecurity risk and ransomware attacks on companies continue to significantly increase and there can be no assurance that we have fully protected our information, that third parties to whom we have disclosed such information or with whom we have stored such information (in data centers and in the cloud) are taking similar precautions, or that we will not experience hacking or intrusion attempts that could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition to maintaining a robust set of endpoint, network, email and cloud security solutions, we continue to take steps to further improve the security of our networks and computer systems, including strengthening authentication; continuing to mature our zero trust architecture and strategy; furthering our advanced malware detection measures; further enhancing and testing our security incident response plan; upgrading legacy information technology systems to simplify and standardize business processes and applications; adopting a robust cloud security strategy across multiple platforms; continuously improving information technology project and portfolio management discipline; setting more aggressive key performance indicator targets and implementing appropriate mitigation measures; continuing to mature our data loss prevention framework to protect our critical data, network and site access controls; advancing our user access management program; limiting usb drive access across our company; increasing network segmentation; enhancing our focus on third party risk management; and improving our capabilities based on threat intelligence and the publicized incidents experienced by other companies, as well as ones that we have experienced despite their minimal operational or financial impact to date.
risks related to income taxes changes in our tax rates affect our business.
our effective tax rate is affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. the impact of these changes could materially impact our business.
legislation implementing changes in taxation of business activities, adoption of other corporate tax reform policies, or other changes in tax legislation or policies impact our expenses.
corporate tax reform, prevention of base-erosion and tax transparency continue to be high priorities for many tax jurisdictions worldwide, including the u.s. as a result, policies regarding corporate income and other taxes are under heightened scrutiny globally, with tax reform legislation having been proposed or enacted in a number of jurisdictions.
in addition, many countries have enacted, or plan to enact, legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the organisation for economic co-operation and development's ("oecd") base erosion and profit shifting recommendations and directives, which aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, cross-border tax, transfer-pricing documentation rules, and nexus-based tax incentive practices. moreover, the oecd continues to focus on fundamental changes to the profit allocation among tax jurisdictions in which companies do business and the implementation of a global minimum tax. the timing and ultimate impact of such changes on our effective tax rate remain uncertain as the countries in which we operate continue to adopt these directives. due to the size of our international business activities, any substantial change in corporate tax policies, enforcement activities or legislative or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our inability to retain or renew certain tax incentives in foreign jurisdictions could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate.
our effective tax rate reflects benefits from concessionary tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions based on the geographic location of our manufacturing activities, the industries that we serve, or the business model under which we operate. if we do not meet the criteria required to retain or renew these tax incentives, our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected.
the amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities.
we are subject to regular examinations of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of material adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. in addition, tax enforcement has become increasingly aggressive in recent years focused primarily on transfer pricing and intercompany documentation. our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues requires significant judgment and is subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at the time. we use these assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax-related accounts. our results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may materially adversely affect our effective tax rate.
we have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize under certain circumstances.
if we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. this would increase our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax asset or liability balances, with either a favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. a significant portion of our indefinite-lived net operating loss carryforwards is concentrated in luxembourg and may require decades to be fully utilized under our current business model. decreases in the statutory tax rate or changes in our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in luxembourg could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. in addition, the computation and assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets may also be materially impacted by new legislation or regulations.
risks related to human capital for us to remain competitive, deliver on our business strategy and avoid business disruption, it is important to recruit high caliber talent, retain key management and highly-skilled employees and receive high quality service from all outsourced service providers. this includes providing market-competitive compensation and benefits and ensuring a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace.
competition to recruit and retain critical talent has increased in recent years. our ongoing productivity efforts and restructuring actions can increase this challenge. when it comes to our outsourced service providers, we have experienced delays or errors and reduced resource availability and manage ongoing risk when it comes to people, processes and software. we also have increased our focus on risks related to artificial intelligence.
executive succession planning is also critical to our long-term success. we experienced several recent key management changes, including promotions in 2023 of long-serving and experienced leaders to the positions of president and chief executive officer and our president, solutions group. while we believe we have appropriate leadership development programs and succession plans in place that are regularly discussed with our board's talent and compensation committee, any failure to ensure effective leadership transitions and knowledge transfer involving key management (or any highly-skilled employees) could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
we have various non-u.s. collective labor arrangements, which make us subject to potential work stoppages, as well as union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our business.
work interruptions or stoppages could significantly impact our ability to deliver for our customers. in addition, collective bargaining agreements, union contracts and labor laws may impair our ability to reduce labor costs by closing or downsizing manufacturing facilities because of limitations on personnel and salary and other restrictions. a work stoppage at one or more of our facilities, or the facilities of our customers or at any of our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition, the recent and ongoing geopolitical unrest and weather-related effects of climate change in numerous regions could impact the safety and productivity of our current employees. those impacts could also hinder our ability to recruit and grow our talent pools in the impacted regions/countries.
risks related to our indebtedness if our indebtedness increases significantly or our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining acceptable short- and long-term financing.
at december 30, 2023, we had approximately $3.24 billion of debt. our level of indebtedness and credit ratings are significant factors in our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing. higher debt levels could negatively impact our ability to support our business needs and result in higher financing costs. the credit ratings assigned to us also impact the interest rates we pay. a downgrade of our short-term credit ratings could impact our ability to access the commercial paper markets and increase our borrowing costs if we needed to obtain short-term funding under our revolving credit facility. if our access to commercial paper markets were to become limited and we were required to obtain short-term funding under our revolving credit facility or our other credit facilities, we would have increased exposure to variable interest rates.
an increase in interest rates adversely affects our business.
in 2023, our average variable-rate borrowings were approximately $608 million. increases in short-term interest rates directly impact the amount of interest we pay. fluctuations in interest rates can increase our borrowing costs and have a material adverse effect on our business.
since 2022, the u.s. federal reserve and similar monetary policymaking entities around the world have raised interest rates in an effort to curb rising inflation across the globe. as of december 30, 2023, the u.s. federal reserve's benchmark interest rate was between 5.25% and 5.50%, up from between 4.25% and 4.50% the same time in 2022. as long-term interest rates rise, our borrowing costs increase. continued increases in interest rates could, among other things, reduce the availability and/or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness and negatively impact our business.
our current and future debt covenants may limit our flexibility.
our credit facilities and the indentures governing our medium- and long-term notes contain, and any of our future indebtedness likely would contain, restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us. among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur certain liens on our assets, make certain investments, sell our assets or merge with third parties, or enter into certain transactions. we are also required to maintain specified financial ratios under certain conditions. these restrictive covenants and ratios may limit or prohibit us from engaging in certain activities and transactions that may be in the best interest of our business, putting us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors, which could materially adversely affect our business.
risk related to ownership of our stock our stock price is subject to significant variability.
changes in our stock price may, among other things, affect our access to, or cost of financing from, capital markets, our stock-based compensation arrangements and our effective tax rate. our stock price is influenced by changes in the overall stock market and demand for equity securities in general. other factors, including our financial performance on an absolute basis and relative to peer companies and competitors, as well as market expectations of our performance, the level of perceived growth of our industries, and other company-specific factors, may also materially adversely affect our stock price. there can be no assurance that our stock price will not continue to experience significant variability in the future.
we cannot guarantee that we will continue to repurchase shares of our common stock or pay dividends on our common stock or that repurchases will enhance long-term stockholder value. changes in our levels of stock repurchases or dividends could affect our stock price and increase its variability.
in april 2022, our board authorized the repurchase of shares of our common stock with a fair market value of up to $750 million, in addition to the amount of shares that were then available for repurchase under our previous board authorization. in 2023, we repurchased 0.8 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $137.5 million. as of december 30, 2023, shares of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $592.8 million remained authorized for repurchase under this board authorization. we make share repurchases through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or accelerated share repurchase transactions. our share repurchase authorizations do not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or to repurchase any specific number of shares for any fixed period. the timing and amount of our repurchases, if any, are subject to market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. we may limit, suspend or discontinue repurchasing shares at any time at our discretion and without prior notice.
although we increased our quarterly dividend rate by approximately 8% in april 2023, there can be no assurance that we will maintain this rate or approve further increases in the future. future dividends are subject to market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. we are not obligated to continue declaring dividends for any fixed period, and our payment of dividends could be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion and without prior notice. we will continue to retain future earnings to develop our business, as opportunities arise, and evaluate the amount and timing of future dividends based on our operating results, financial condition, capital allocation strategies and general business conditions. the amount and timing of any future dividends may vary, and the payment of any dividend does not assure that we will pay dividends in the future.
in addition, any future repurchases of our common stock or payment of dividends, or any determination to cease repurchasing stock or paying dividends, could affect our stock price and significantly increase its variability. our share repurchases and any future dividends could cause our stock price to be higher than it would otherwise be and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. additionally, any future repurchases of our common stock or payment of dividends could impact our ability to invest in our businesses or pursue acquisitions and venture investments. although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance that it will do so because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately acquiring or protecting our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete or grow.
because our products involve complex technology and chemistry, we are involved from time to time in litigation involving patents and other intellectual property. parties have filed, and in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. we are currently party to a litigation in which adasa inc. ("adasa"), an unrelated third party, alleged that certain of our rfid products within our solutions group reportable segment infringed its patent. as of december 30, 2023 our contingent liability for this matter was $82.9 million which reflects our best estimate of the anticipated judgment. for more information on this litigation, see note 8, "contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements. if we are unsuccessful in our appeals related to the adasa matter or are held liable for infringement in other matters, we could be required to pay damages, obtain licenses or cease making or selling certain products. there can be no assurance that licenses would be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. the defense of these claims, whether or not meritorious, or the development of new technologies is costly and diverts the attention of management.
we also have valuable intellectual property upon which third parties may infringe. we attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual property and proprietary information by relying on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the u.s. and other countries, as well as non-disclosure agreements. however, it may be possible for a third party to obtain our information without our authorization, independently develop similar technologies, or breach a non-disclosure agreement entered into with us. in addition, many of the countries in which we operate do not have intellectual property laws as protective as those in the u.s. the use of our intellectual property by someone else without our authorization could reduce or eliminate certain competitive advantages we have, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. further, the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights could materially adversely impact our business.
we have obtained and applied for u.s. and foreign trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and apply for additional patents. we cannot guarantee that any of our pending applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. further, we cannot assure that the validity of our patents or our trademarks will not be challenged. in addition, third parties may be able to develop competing products using technology that avoids our patents.
unfavorable developments in legal proceedings, investigations and other legal and regulatory matters, could impact us in a materially adverse manner.
there can be no assurance that any outcome of any litigation, investigation or other legal, environmental, compliance and regulatory matter will be favorable. our financial results could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and investigations, and other legal, regulatory, environmental and compliance matters. see note 8, "contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
we are required to comply with anti-corruption and other compliance laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various international jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are required to comply with the anti-corruption and other compliance laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various international jurisdictions, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the uk's bribery act of 2010. if we fail to comply with anti-corruption laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, monetary damages and incarceration for responsible employees and managers. in addition, if our distributors or agents fail to comply with these laws, our business may also be materially adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties.
we are required to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws at our operations around the world. the costs of complying with these laws is significant and increasing.
we are subject to national, state, provincial and/or local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate, including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste and ghg emissions from our manufacturing processes. these laws, which are continually evolving and imposing additional requirements on our current and former manufacturing facilities, impose liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up current sites, past spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances. enforcement of these laws can be unclear and is subject to the discretion of governmental agencies. any failure to comply with existing and future environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to fees, penalties, costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, limit our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, and have a material adverse effect on our business. laws and regulations related to the environment, product content and product safety are complex, change often, and can be open to different interpretations. in addition, we could be materially and adversely impacted by any environmental or product safety enforcement action affecting our suppliers, particularly in emerging markets.
we have accrued liabilities for the environmental clean-up of certain sites, including the eleven sites for which u.s. governmental agencies have designated us as a potentially responsible party as of our 2023 fiscal year-end, where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. see note 8, "contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information. however, because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, the actual expense to remediate currently identified sites could be higher than the liabilities accrued and additional sites could be identified in the future.
we are subject to export and import control laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in these markets.
export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of some of our products to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. while we train our employees to comply with these regulations, use third party screening software, and take other measures, we cannot guarantee that a violation will not occur. a prohibited shipment has negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties, fines, civil and criminal sanctions and/or reputational harm. any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could decrease our ability to export or sell our products internationally. any limitation on our ability to export or sell our products could materially adversely affect our business.
some of our products are subject to export control laws and regulations and may be exported only with an export license or through an applicable export license exception. if we fail to comply with export licensing, customs regulations, economic sanctions or other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including fines, criminal charges against responsible employees and loss of export or import privileges. in addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be materially adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time consuming and expensive and could result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities.
risks related to other financial matters our pension assets are significant and subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce their value.
changes in the value of our pension assets, which was approximately $663 million as of december 30, 2023, could materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. in particular, the value of our investments may decline due to increases in interest rates or volatility in financial markets. we continuously evaluate options to better manage the volatility associated with our pension liabilities and may take actions to reduce the financial volatility associated with our pension liabilities, which could result in significant charges. although we mitigate these risks by investing in high quality securities, ensuring adequate diversification of our investment portfolio and monitoring our portfolio's overall risk profile, the value of our investments may nevertheless decline.
the actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes affect our earnings and cash flows. changes in accounting standards and government regulations could also affect our pension and postretirement plan expense and funding requirements.
we evaluate the assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our non-u.s. pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans in consultation with outside actuaries. our pension and projected postretirement benefit expenses and funding requirements increase or decrease as a result of the assumptions we use, including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return or mortality rates. because of changing market conditions or changes in participant populations, the actuarial assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and related costs. funding obligations for each plan are determined based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date in accordance with applicable government regulations. our pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could also be affected by future legislation or regulation. in 2023, the dutch senate passed the dutch pension act, which requires traditional defined benefit plans to be phased out and transition to defined contribution plans by january 1, 2028.
an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our results of operations and net worth.
goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and not amortized and is reviewed for impairment annually (or more frequently if impairment indicators are present). as of december 30, 2023, the carrying value of our goodwill was $2.01 billion. in 2023, we determined that the goodwill of our reporting units was not impaired. we review goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. in assessing fair value, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, and discount rates based on our business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying these factors. goodwill valuations have been calculated primarily using an income approach based on the present value of projected future cash flows of each reporting unit. we could be required to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to our business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. these types of events could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future. impairment charges could materially adversely affect our business in the periods in which they are made.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, or md&a, provides management's views on our financial condition and results of operations, should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto, and includes the sections shown below.
non-gaap financial measures overview and outlook analysis of results of operations results of operations by reportable segment financial condition                                    29
critical accounting estimates                          34
recent accounting requirements                         37
non-gaap financial measures we report our financial results in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, or gaap, and also communicate with investors using certain non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for or superior to, the comparable gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are intended to supplement the presentation of our financial results prepared in accordance with gaap. we use these non-gaap financial measures internally to evaluate trends in our underlying performance, as well as to facilitate comparison to the results of competitors for quarters and year-to-date periods, as applicable. based on feedback from investors and financial analysts, we believe that the supplemental non-gaap financial measures we provide are also useful to their assessments of our performance and operating trends, as well as liquidity. reconciliations are provided in accordance with regulation g and s-k and reconcile our non-gaap financial measures with the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
our non-gaap financial measures exclude the impact of certain events, activities or strategic decisions. the accounting effects of these events, activities or decisions, which are included in the gaap financial measures, may make it more difficult to assess our underlying performance in a single period. by excluding the accounting effects, positive or negative, of certain items (e.g., restructuring charges, outcomes of certain legal proceedings, certain effects of strategic transactions and related costs, losses from debt extinguishments, gains or losses from curtailment or settlement of pension obligations, gains or losses on sales of certain assets, gains or losses on venture investments, currency adjustments due to highly inflationary economies, and other items), we believe that we are providing meaningful supplemental information that facilitates an understanding of our core operating results and liquidity measures. while some of the items we exclude from gaap financial measures recur, they tend to be disparate in amount, frequency or timing.
we use the non-gaap financial measures defined below in this md&a.
sales change ex. currency refers to the increase or decrease in net sales, excluding the estimated impact of foreign currency translation, the reclassification of sales between segments; where applicable, an extra week in our fiscal year; the calendar shift resulting from the extra week in the prior fiscal year; and currency adjustment for transitional reporting of highly inflationary economies. the estimated impact of foreign currency translation is calculated on a constant currency basis, with prior-period results translated at current period average exchange rates to exclude the effect of foreign currency fluctuations.
organic sales change refers to sales change ex. currency, excluding the estimated impact of acquisitions and product line divestitures.
we believe that sales change ex. currency and organic sales change assist investors in evaluating the sales change from the ongoing activities of our businesses and enhance their ability to evaluate our results from period to period.
adjusted free cash flow refers to cash flow provided by operating activities, less payments for property, plant and equipment, software and other deferred charges, plus proceeds from company-owned life insurance policies, plus proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment, plus (minus) net proceeds from insurance and sales (purchases) of investments. where applicable, adjusted free cash flow is also adjusted for certain acquisition-related transaction costs. we believe that adjusted free cash flow assists investors by showing the amount of cash we have available for debt reductions, dividends, share repurchases, and acquisitions.
operational working capital as a percentage of annualized current quarter net sales refers to trade accounts receivable and inventories, net of accounts payable, and excludes cash and cash equivalents, short-term borrowings, deferred taxes, other current assets and other current liabilities, as well as net current assets or liabilities held-for-sale divided by annualized current quarter net sales. we believe that operational working capital as a percentage of annualized current quarter net sales assists investors in assessing our working capital requirements because it excludes the impact of fluctuations attributable to our financing and other activities (which affect cash and cash equivalents, deferred taxes, other current assets and other current liabilities) that tend to be disparate in amount, frequency or timing, and may increase the volatility of working capital as a percentage of sales from period to period. the items excluded from this measure are not significantly influenced by our day-to-day activities managed at the operating level and do not necessarily reflect the underlying trends in our operations.
overview and outlook fiscal year our fiscal years generally consist of 52 weeks, but every fifth or sixth fiscal year consists of 53 weeks; our 2023, 2022, and 2021 fiscal years consisted of 52-week periods ending december 30, 2023, december 31, 2022 and january 1, 2022, respectively.
net sales the factors impacting reported net sales change, as compared to the prior-year period, are shown in the table below.
2023                 2022
reported net sales change                      (8)   %                8   %
foreign currency translation                     1                    6
sales change ex. currency(1)                   (7)   %               13   %
acquisitions                                   (1)                  (4)
organic sales change(1)                        (8)   %               10   %
(1) totals may not sum due to rounding.
in 2023, net sales decreased on an organic basis primarily due to lower volume, partially offset by the impact of pricing actions. in 2022, net sales increased on an organic basis primarily due to pricing actions, partially offset by lower volume/mix.
net income net income decreased from approximately $757 million in 2022 to approximately $503 million in 2023. the major factors affecting this decrease were:
lower volume driven primarily by inventory destocking
higher restructuring charges
increase accrual for a legacy legal matter
higher employee-related costs
argentine peso remeasurement loss
growth investments offsetting factors:
benefits from productivity initiatives, including temporary cost-saving actions, material re-engineering and savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs
the net impact of pricing and raw material input costs
lower provision for income taxes business acquisitions
2023 business acquisitions on november 23, 2023, we completed our business acquisition of silver crystal group ("silver crystal"), a canada-based provider of sports apparel customization and application solutions across in-venue, direct-to-business and e-commerce platforms. on may 22, 2023, we completed our business acquisition of lg group, inc. ("lion brothers"), a maryland-based designer and manufacturer of apparel brand embellishments. on march 6, 2023, we completed our business acquisition of thermopatch, inc. ("thermopatch"), a new york-based manufacturer specializing in labeling, embellishments and transfers for the sports, industrial laundry, workwear and hospitality industries. these acquisitions expanded the product portfolio in our solutions group reportable segment.
the acquisitions of silver crystal, lion brothers and thermopatch are referred to collectively as the "2023 acquisitions."
the aggregate purchase consideration, including purchase consideration payable, for the 2023 acquisitions was approximately $231 million. we funded the 2023 acquisitions using cash and commercial paper borrowings. in addition to the cash paid at closing, the sellers in one of these acquisitions are eligible for earn-out payments of up to $5 million, subject to the acquired company achieving certain post-acquisition performance targets. as of the acquisition date, we included an estimate of the fair value of these earn-out payments in the aggregate purchase consideration.
the final allocations of purchase consideration for the 2023 acquisitions to assets and liabilities are ongoing as we continue to evaluate certain balances, estimates and assumptions during the measurement period (up to one year from their respective acquisition date). consistent with the allowable time to complete our assessment, the valuation of certain acquired assets and liabilities, including environmental liabilities and income taxes, is currently pending finalization.
the 2023 acquisitions were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the consolidated financial statements.
2022 business acquisitions in january 2022, we completed our business acquisitions of textrace ag ("textrace"), a switzerland-based technology developer specializing in custom-made woven and knitted rfid products that can be sewn onto or inserted into garments, and rietveld serigrafie b.v. and rietveld screenprinting serigrafi baski matbaa tekstil ithalat ihracat sanayi ve ticaret limited sirketi (collectively, "rietveld"), a netherlands-based provider of external embellishment solutions and application and printing methods for performance brands and team sports in europe. these acquisitions expanded the product portfolio in our solutions group reportable segment. the acquisitions of textrace and rietveld are referred to collectively as the "2022 acquisitions."
the aggregate purchase consideration for the 2022 acquisitions was approximately $35 million. we funded the 2022 acquisitions using cash and commercial paper borrowings. in addition to the cash paid at closing, the sellers in one of these acquisitions are eligible for earn-out payments of up to $30 million, subject to the acquired company achieving certain post-acquisition performance targets. as of the acquisition date, we included an estimate of the fair value of these earn-out payments in the aggregate purchase consideration.
the 2022 acquisitions were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the consolidated financial statements.
cost reduction actions
2023 actions in the third quarter of 2023, we approved a restructuring plan (the "2023 plan") to further optimize the european footprint of our materials group reportable segment by reducing operations in a manufacturing facility in belgium. the cumulative charges associated with the 2023 plan consisted of severance and related costs for the reduction of approximately 210 positions as well as asset impairment charges. during 2023 we recorded $30.4 million in restructuring charges related to the 2023 plan. the activities related to the 2023 plan are expected to be substantially completed by mid-2025.
we recorded $49.0 million in restructuring charges, net of reversals, related to other 2023 actions (collectively with the 2023 plan, "2023 actions"). these charges consisted of severance and related costs for the reduction of approximately 1,450 positions and asset impairment charges at numerous locations across our company.
2019/2020 actions during 2022, we recorded $7.3 million in restructuring charges, net of reversals, related to our 2019/2020 actions. these charges consisted of severance and related costs for the reduction of approximately 830 positions and asset impairment charges at numerous locations across our company, reflecting actions in both our reportable segments. the actions in our materials group reportable segment were primarily associated with consolidations of its operations in north america and its graphics business in europe, in part in response to the pandemic. the actions in our solutions group reportable segment were primarily related to global headcount and footprint reduction, with some actions accelerated and expanded in response to the pandemic. our activities related to our 2019/2020 actions began in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 and continued through fiscal year 2022.
we realized approximately $69 million and $26 million, respectively, in savings from restructuring, net of transition costs, primarily related to our 2023 actions in 2023 and our 2019/2020 actions in 2022.
restructuring charges were included in "other expense (income), net" in the consolidated statements of income. refer to note 13, "cost reduction actions," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
accounting guidance updates refer to note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for this information.
cash flow
(in millions)                                                                            2023                    2022                      2021
net cash provided by operating activities                                           $826.0                  $961.0                  $1,046.8
purchases of property, plant and equipment                                         (265.3)                 (278.1)                   (255.0)
purchases of software and other deferred charges                                    (19.8)                  (20.4)                    (17.1)
proceeds from company-owned life insurance policies                                   48.1                       -                         -
proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment                                   1.0                     2.3                       1.1
proceeds from insurance and sales (purchases) of investments, net                      1.9                     1.9                       3.1
payments for certain acquisition-related transaction costs                               -                      .6                      18.8
adjusted free cash flow                                                             $591.9                  $667.3                    $797.7
in 2023, net cash provided by operating activities decreased compared to 2022 primarily due to lower net income and higher tax payments, net of refunds, partially offset by changes in operational working capital and lower incentive compensation payments. in 2023, adjusted free cash flow decreased compared to 2022 primarily due to lower net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by higher proceeds from company-owned life insurance policies and lower purchases of property, plant and equipment.
outlook certain factors that we believe will contribute to our 2024 results are described below.
we anticipate net sales to increase due to higher volume as our markets improve following significant inventory destocking downstream from our company in 2023, which we may partially offset with deflation-related pricing actions.
we anticipate incremental savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs.
we expect an insignificant impact to our full-year operating income from foreign currency translation, based on recent rates.
we expect our full-year effective tax rate to be in the mid-twenty percent range.
analysis of results of operations income before taxes
(in millions, except percentages)                                            2023                       2022                       2021
net sales                                                            $8,364.3                   $9,039.3                   $8,408.3
cost of products sold                                                 6,086.8                    6,635.1                    6,095.5
gross profit                                                          2,277.5                    2,404.2                    2,312.8
marketing, general and administrative expense                         1,313.7                    1,330.8                    1,248.5
other expense (income), net                                             180.9                       (.6)                        5.6
interest expense                                                        119.0                       84.1                       70.2
other non-operating expense (income), net                              (30.8)                      (9.4)                      (4.1)
income before taxes                                                    $694.7                     $999.3                     $992.6
gross profit margin                                                      27.2   %                   26.6   %                   27.5   %
gross profit margin gross profit margin in 2023 increased compared to 2022 primarily due to benefits from productivity initiatives, including temporary cost-saving actions, material re-engineering and savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs, and the net impact of pricing and raw material inputs costs, partially offset by lower volume and higher employee-related costs.
gross profit margin in 2022 decreased compared to 2021 primarily due to the net impact of higher selling prices, higher raw material costs and higher freight costs, as well as higher employee-related costs, partially offset by higher volume/mix primarily related to the impact of acquisitions.
marketing, general and administrative expense marketing, general and administrative expense decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to benefits from productivity initiatives, including temporary cost-saving actions and savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs, partially offset by higher employee-related costs and growth investments.
marketing, general and administrative expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the impact of acquisitions and growth investments, partially offset by the impact of favorable foreign currency translation.
other expense (income), net
(in millions)                                                                2023   2022                                     2021
other expense (income), net by type restructuring charges:
severance and related costs                                              $70.8               $7.6                        $10.5
asset impairment charges and lease cancellation costs                      8.6      .1                                     3.1
other items:
outcomes of legal proceedings, net                                        64.3      6.3                                   (.4)
argentine peso remeasurement loss                                         29.9               -                               -
transaction and related costs                                              5.3      .3                                    20.9
(gain) loss on venture investments                                         1.5               (13.5)                     (23.0)
(gain) loss on sales of assets                                              .5               (1.4)                          .2
gain on sale of product line                                                 -               -                           (5.7)
other expense (income), net                                             $180.9               $(.6)                        $5.6
refer to note 13, "cost reduction actions," to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding restructuring charges.
refer to note 9, "fair value measurements," to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding gains on venture investments.
refer to note 8, "contingencies," and note 15, "segment and disaggregated revenue information," to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding outcomes of legal proceedings.
interest expense interest expense increased by approximately $34.9 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily as a result of higher interest rates on borrowings and higher debt levels.
interest expense increased by approximately $13.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily as a result of additional interest from the $800 million of senior notes we issued in august 2021 and higher interest rates on short-term borrowings.
other non-operating expense (income), net other non-operating income increased in 2023 compared to 2022 due to higher interest income, primarily in argentina.
net income and earnings per share
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)                             2023                        2022                        2021
income before taxes                                                           $694.7                      $999.3                      $992.6
provision for income taxes                                                     191.7                       242.2                       248.6
equity method investment (losses) gains                                            -                           -                       (3.9)
net income                                                                    $503.0                      $757.1                      $740.1
net income per common share                                                    $6.23                       $9.28                       $8.93
net income per common share, assuming dilution                                  6.20                        9.21                        8.83
effective tax rate                                                              27.6   %                    24.2   %                    25.0   %
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate in 2023 increased compared to 2022 primarily due to higher non-deductible expenses resulting from the impact of the argentine peso remeasurement loss, higher tax charges from the recognition of uncertain tax positions in certain foreign jurisdictions, and lower u.s. federal return-to-provision benefits. our effective tax rate in 2022 decreased compared to 2021 primarily due to higher benefits related to the settlement of certain foreign tax audits, partially offset by u.s. federal return-to-provision benefits that were lower than in 2021.
many countries have enacted, or plan to enact, changes to their tax laws based on the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") base erosion and profit shifting recommendations to implement a global minimum tax, namely the pillar two framework. the first component of the pillar two framework is expected to be effective for our company in 2024, with a second component expected to be effective in 2025. while we do not expect the implementation of a global minimum tax to have a material impact on our effective tax rate, our analysis is ongoing as the oecd continues to release additional guidance and countries implement legislation.
our effective tax rate can vary from period to period due to a variety of factors, such as changes in our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our tax reserves, settlements of income tax audits, changes in tax laws and regulations, return-to-provision adjustments, tax impacts related to stock-based payments, and our execution of tax planning strategies.
refer to note 14, "taxes based on income," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
results of operations by reportable segment operating income refers to income before taxes, interest and other non-operating expense (income), net.
materials group
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2023                         2022                         2021
net sales including intersegment sales                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $5,968.4                     $6,632.2                     $6,312.3
less intersegment sales                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (157.1)                      (137.1)                      (105.8)
net sales                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $5,811.3                     $6,495.1                     $6,206.5
operating income(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              700.9                        859.3                        883.3
(1) included charges associated with restructuring actions and related costs in all years, argentine peso remeasurement loss and loss on sale of assets in 2023, outcomes of legal proceedings in 2023 and 2021, gain on venture investment in 2022, and gain on sale of product line, gain on sale of assets, and transaction and related costs in 2021                         $88.3                      $(13.4)                      $(25.7)
net sales the factors impacting reported net sales change are shown in the table below.
2023                               2022
reported net sales change                       (11)   %              5   %
foreign currency translation                       -                  6
sales change ex. currency(1)                    (10)                 11
organic sales change(1)                         (10)   %             11   %
(1) totals may not sum due to rounding.
in 2023, net sales decreased on an organic basis compared to the same period in the prior year due to lower volume driven primarily by inventory destocking, partially offset by the impact of pricing actions. on an organic basis, net sales decreased by a low double-digit rate in north america, a mid-to-high teens rate in western europe and a mid-to-high single digit rate in emerging markets.
in 2022, net sales increased on an organic basis compared to the same period in the prior year due to pricing actions, partially offset by lower volume/mix. on an organic basis, net sales increased a low double-digit rate in north america, a high-teens rate in western europe and by a mid-to-high single digit rate in emerging markets.
operating income operating income decreased in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to lower volume, higher restructuring charges and the argentine peso remeasurement loss, partially offset by benefits from productivity initiatives, including temporary cost-saving actions, material re-engineering and savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs, and the net impact of pricing and raw material input costs.
operating income decreased in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to unfavorable volume/mix, the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation, higher employee-related costs and the impact of a brazil indirect tax credit in the prior year, partially offset by the net impact of higher selling prices, higher raw material costs and higher freight costs.
solutions group
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2023                         2022                         2021
net sales including intersegment sales                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $2,588.5                     $2,581.6                     $2,239.1
less intersegment sales                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (35.5)                       (37.4)                       (37.3)
net sales                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $2,553.0                     $2,544.2                     $2,201.8
operating income(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      165.7                        302.3                        257.2
(1) included charges associated with restructuring actions, outcomes of legal proceedings, and transaction and related costs in all years, loss on venture investments in 2023, gain on sales of assets in 2022, loss on sale of asset and gain on venture investments in 2021.                          $86.3                         $7.8                        $36.6
net sales the factors impacting reported net sales change are shown in the table below.
2023                   2022
reported net sales change                                       -   %                 16   %
reclassification of sales between segments                      -                    (1)
foreign currency translation                                    2                      4
sales change ex. currency(1)                                    2                     19
acquisitions                                                  (3)                   (14)
organic sales change(1)                                       (1)   %                  5   %
(1) totals may not sum due to rounding.
in 2023, on an organic basis, net sales increased by a high single-digit rate in high-value categories and decreased by a low-double digit rate in the base business compared to the prior year. company-wide, on an organic basis, sales of intelligent label solutions increased by a low-double digit rate compared to the prior year.
in 2022, on an organic basis, net sales increased by a mid-teens rate in high-value categories and decreased by a low-single digit rate in the base business compared to the prior year. company-wide, on an organic basis, sales of intelligent label solutions increased by a mid-teens rate compared to the prior year.
operating income operating income decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to an increased accrual for the adasa legal matter (described in note 8, "contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements), higher employee-related costs, lower volume, growth investments and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by benefits from productivity initiatives, including temporary cost-saving actions and savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs.
operating income increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the combined benefit of higher organic volume and acquisitions, the impact of legal proceedings in the prior year, and lower transaction and related costs, partially offset by higher amortization of other intangibles resulting from business acquisitions, growth investments and higher employee-related costs.
financial condition liquidity operating activities
(in millions)                                                                      2023                       2022                         2021
net income                                                                    $503.0                     $757.1                       $740.1
depreciation                                                                   187.4                      177.4                        167.3
amortization                                                                   111.0                      113.3                         76.8
provision for credit losses and sales returns                                   49.9                       50.1                         35.7
stock-based compensation                                                        22.3                       47.4                         37.2
deferred taxes and other non-cash taxes                                       (24.4)                       18.4                          2.6
other non-cash expense and loss (income and gain), net                          37.1                       23.5                         11.7
trade accounts receivable                                                     (16.7)                     (22.1)                      (113.2)
inventories                                                                    111.7                    (140.7)                      (182.7)
accounts payable                                                              (87.6)                       68.2                        255.2
taxes on income                                                               (18.7)                       18.9                        (7.3)
other assets                                                                    37.7                       15.3                          4.1
other liabilities                                                             (86.7)                    (165.8)                         19.3
net cash provided by operating activities                                     $826.0                     $961.0                     $1,046.8
in 2023, cash flow provided by operating activities decreased compared to 2022 primarily due to lower net income and higher tax payments, net of refunds, partially offset by changes in operational working capital and lower incentive compensation payments.
in 2022, cash flow provided by operating activities decreased compared to 2021 primarily due to changes in operational working capital, higher incentive compensation payments and the timing of payroll payments, partially offset by higher net income and lower income tax payments, net of refunds.
investing activities
(in millions)                                                                                       2023                      2022                        2021
purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                   $(265.3)                  $(278.1)                    $(255.0)
purchases of software and other deferred charges                                               (19.8)                    (20.4)                      (17.1)
proceeds from company-owned life insurance policies                                              48.1                         -                           -
proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment                                              1.0                       2.3                         1.1
proceeds from insurance and sales (purchases) of investments, net                                 1.9                       1.9                         3.1
proceeds from sale of product line and venture investment                                           -                       1.1                         7.6
payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and venture investments                      (224.9)                    (39.5)                   (1,477.6)
net cash used in investing activities                                                        $(459.0)                  $(332.7)                  $(1,737.9)
purchases of property, plant and equipment in 2023, in our solutions group reportable segment, we primarily invested in buildings and equipment to support growth in certain countries in asia pacific, primarily malaysia, in the u.s. and in certain countries in latin america, primarily mexico; in our materials group reportable segment, we primarily invested in buildings and equipment to support growth in the u.s. and in certain countries in europe, primarily france, and in asia pacific, primarily china. in 2022, in our solutions group reportable segment, we primarily invested in buildings and equipment to support growth in certain countries in asia pacific, including malaysia, china and vietnam, and in the u.s.; in our materials group reportable segment, we primarily invested in buildings and equipment in the u.s. and certain countries in europe, primarily france, and latin america, primarily brazil. in 2021, in our materials group reportable segment, we primarily invested in equipment to support growth in the u.s. and certain countries in asia pacific, including india and china, and europe, including france and luxembourg; in our solutions group reportable segment we primarily invested in equipment to support growth in certain countries in asia pacific, including china, malaysia and bangladesh, and in the u.s.
purchases of software and other deferred charges in 2023, 2022 and 2021, we invested in information technology upgrades worldwide.
proceeds from company-owned life insurance policies in 2023, we utilized approximately $48 million of the cash surrender value available under our company-owned life insurance policies.
proceeds from sale of product line and venture investment in 2022, we received proceeds of $1.1 million from the sale of a venture investment. in 2021, proceeds from the sale of a product line were in our materials group reportable segment.
payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and venture investments we paid consideration, net of cash acquired, of approximately $223 million for the 2023 acquisitions and $30 million for the 2022 acquisitions. we funded the 2023 acquisitions and 2022 acquisitions using cash and commercial paper borrowings. in 2021, we paid consideration, net of cash acquired, of approximately $1.44 billion to acquire cb velocity holdings, llc ("vestcom") and $32 million to acquire zippyyum, llc ("zippyyum") and jdc solutions, inc. ("jdc"). we funded the vestcom acquisition using the net proceeds from the senior notes we issued in august 2021, commercial paper borrowings and cash. we funded the zippyyum and jdc acquisitions using cash and commercial paper borrowings. we also made certain venture investments in 2023, 2022 and 2021.
refer to note 2, "business acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
financing activities
(in millions)                                                                                             2023   2022                                          2021
net increase (decrease) in borrowings with maturities of three months or less                       $(36.6)                     $34.6                     $259.2
additional long-term borrowings                                                                       394.9                         -                      791.7
repayments of long-term debt and finance leases                                                     (255.9)                     (6.3)                     (13.4)
dividends paid                                                                                      (256.7)                   (238.9)                    (220.6)
share repurchases                                                                                   (137.5)                   (379.5)                    (180.9)
net (tax withholding) proceeds related to stock-based compensation                                   (23.8)                    (25.1)                     (25.4)
other                                                                                                 (1.6)                         -                      (6.3)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                                $(317.2)                  $(615.2)                     $604.3
borrowings and repayment of debt during 2023, 2022 and 2021, our commercial paper borrowings were used to fund acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes.
in march 2023, we issued $400 million of senior notes, due march 15, 2033, which bear an interest rate of 5.750% per year, payable semiannually in arrears. our net proceeds from this issuance, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were $394.9 million, which we used to repay both existing indebtedness under our commercial paper programs and our $250 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that matured on april 15, 2023.
in august 2021, we issued $500 million of senior notes, due february 15, 2032, which bear an interest rate of 2.250%, payable semiannually in arrears. our net proceeds from this issuance, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were $493.7 million. additionally, in august 2021, we issued $300 million of senior notes, due august 15, 2024, which we can repay without penalty on or after august 15, 2022 and bear an interest rate of 0.850%, payable semiannually in arrears. our net proceeds from this issuance, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were $298 million. we used the net proceeds from these two debt issuances to finance a portion of the vestcom acquisition.
refer to note 2, "business acquisitions," and note 4, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
dividends paid we paid dividends per share of $3.18, $2.93 and $2.66 in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. in april 2023, we increased our quarterly dividend rate to $.81 per share, representing an increase of approximately 8% from our previous quarterly dividend rate of $.75 per share. in april 2022, we increased our quarterly dividend to $.75 per share, representing an increase of approximately 10% from our previous dividend rate of $.68 per share.
share repurchases from time to time, our board authorizes the repurchase of shares of our outstanding common stock. repurchased shares may be reissued under our long-term incentive plan or used for other corporate purposes. in 2023, 2022 and 2021, we repurchased approximately 0.8 million, 2.2 million and 0.9 million shares of our common stock, respectively.
in april 2022 our board authorized the repurchase of shares of our common stock with a fair market value of up to $750 million, excluding any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such purchases and in addition to any amount outstanding under our previous board authorization. shares of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $592.8 million as of december 30, 2023 remained authorized for repurchase under this board authorization. board authorizations remain in effect until shares in the amount authorized thereunder have been repurchased.
net (tax withholding) proceeds related to stock-based compensation in 2023, tax withholding for stock-based compensation was comparable to 2022 and 2021.
approximately .02 million stock options were exercised in 2021. refer to note 12, "long-term incentive compensation," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
analysis of selected balance sheet accounts long-lived assets property, plant and equipment, net, increased by approximately $86 million to $1.63 billion at year-end 2023, which primarily reflected purchases of property, plant and equipment and the impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by depreciation expense.
goodwill increased by approximately $151 million to $2.01 billion at year-end 2023, which reflected the impact of the acquired goodwill associated with the 2023 acquisitions and foreign currency translation.
other intangibles resulting from business acquisitions, net, increased by approximately $9 million to $849.1 million at year-end 2023, reflecting the valuation of intangible assets associated with the 2023 acquisitions, partially offset by current year amortization expense.
refer to note 3, "goodwill and other intangibles resulting from business acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
other assets decreased by approximately $1 million to $809.6 million at year-end 2023, primarily reflecting the utilization of the cash surrender value available under our company-owned life insurance policies, partially offset by higher operating lease assets.
long-term retirement benefits and other liabilities other long-term retirement benefits and other liabilities increased by approximately $133 million to $500.3 million at year-end 2023, primarily reflecting the contingent liability recorded for the adasa legal matter and higher operating lease liabilities.
shareholders' equity accounts the balance of our shareholders' equity increased by approximately $96 million to $2.13 billion at year-end 2023. refer to note 11, "supplemental equity and comprehensive income information," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
impact of foreign currency translation
(in millions)              2023                  2022
change in net sales                 $(58)                 $(417)
in 2023, international operations generated approximately 69% of our net sales. our future results are subject to changes in political, social and economic conditions in the regions in which we operate and the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation on net sales in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily related to sales in china, partially offset by favorable impact from euro-denominated sales.
effect of foreign currency transactions the impact on net income from transactions denominated in foreign currencies is largely mitigated because the costs of our products are generally denominated in the same currencies in which they are sold. in addition, to reduce our income and cash flow exposure to transactions in foreign currencies, we enter into foreign exchange forward, option and swap contracts where available and appropriate. refer to note 5, "financial instruments," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
during 2023, the argentine peso devalued significantly compared to the u.s. dollar which resulted in remeasurement loss of approximately $30 million which was included in "other expense (income), net" in the consolidated statements of income.
analysis of selected financial ratios we utilize the financial ratios discussed below to assess our financial condition and operating performance. we believe this information assists our investors in understanding the factors impacting our cash flow other than net income and capital expenditures.
operational working capital ratio operational working capital, as a percentage of annualized current-quarter net sales, is reconciled to working capital (deficit) below. our objective is to minimize our investment in operational working capital, as a percentage of annualized current-quarter net sales, to maximize our cash flow and return on investment. operational working capital, as a percentage of annualized current-quarter net sales, in 2023 was lower than in 2022. further information regarding the components of operational working capital is provided below.
(in millions, except percentages)                                                                                            2023                          2022
(a)working capital (deficit)                                                                                            $96.5                       $(17.8)
reconciling items:
cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             (215.0)                       (167.2)
other current assets                                                                                                  (245.4)                       (230.5)
short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt and finance leases                                          622.2                         598.6
current income taxes payable and other current accrued liabilities                                                      800.2                         861.9
(b)operational working capital                                                                                       $1,058.5                      $1,045.0
(c)fourth-quarter net sales, annualized                                                                              $8,442.0                      $8,103.6
operational working capital, as a percentage of annualized current-quarter net sales (b)  (c)                           12.5   %                      12.9   %
accounts receivable ratio the average number of days sales outstanding was 61 days in 2023 compared to 62 days in 2022, calculated using the accounts receivable balance at year-end divided by the average daily sales in the fourth quarter of 2023 and 2022, respectively.
inventory ratio average inventory turnover was 6.6 in 2023 compared to 6.0 in 2022, calculated using the annualized fourth-quarter cost of products sold in 2023 and 2022, respectively, and divided by the inventory balance at the respective year-end. the increase in average inventory turnover primarily reflected higher prior-year inventory balances due to customer inventory destocking.
accounts payable ratio the average number of days payable outstanding was 77 days in 2023 compared to 80 days in 2022, calculated using the accounts payable balance at year-end divided by the annualized fourth-quarter cost of products sold in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in the average number of days payable outstanding from the prior year primarily reflected the timing of vendor payments, the impact of acquisitions and the impact of foreign currency translation.
capital resources capital resources include cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents and debt financing, including access to commercial paper borrowings supported by the revolver. we use these resources to fund our operational needs.
at year-end 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of $215.0 million held in accounts at third-party financial institutions in numerous locations throughout the world. at year-end 2023, the majority of our cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries, primarily in the asia pacific region.
to meet our u.s. cash requirements, we have several cost-effective liquidity options available. these options include borrowing funds at reasonable rates, including borrowings from our foreign subsidiaries, and repatriating foreign earnings and profits. however, if we were to repatriate foreign earnings and profits, a portion would be subject to cash payments of withholding taxes imposed by foreign tax authorities. additional u.s. taxes may also result from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations related to these earnings and profits.
in january 2023, we extended the maturity date of the revolver by one year to february 13, 2026, and increased the commitments by $400 million, from $800 million to $1.2 billion. additionally, we amended the revolver to replace the libor benchmark interest rate with term sofr, euribor and sonia benchmark interest rates. we use the revolver as a back-up facility for our commercial paper program and for other corporate purposes.
the revolver contains a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio (calculated as a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated ebitda as defined in the agreement) of not more than 3.50 to 1.00; provided that, in the event of an acquisition by us that exceeds $250 million, which occurred when we acquired vestcom, the maximum leverage ratio increases to 4.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter in which the acquisition occurs and the three fiscal quarters immediately following that fiscal quarter. as of december 30, 2023 and december 31, 2022, our ratio was substantially below the maximum ratio allowed by the revolver.
in addition to the revolver, we have short-term lines of credit available in various countries of approximately $327 million in the aggregate at december 30, 2023. these lines may be cancelled at any time by us or the issuing banks. short-term borrowings outstanding under these lines of credit were $1.0 million and $2.4 million at december 30, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively, with weighted average interest rates of 2.24% and 0.64%, respectively. refer to note 4, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
we are exposed to financial market risk resulting from changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates, and to possible liquidity and credit risks of our counterparties.
we currently anticipate using cash flows from operations and commercial paper borrowings to repay the $300 million of senior notes we issued in 2021, which mature in the third quarter of 2024.
capital from debt the carrying value of our total debt increased by approximately $142 million to $3.24 billion at year-end 2023 from 2022, primarily reflecting our issuance of $400 million of senior notes in march 2023 and the revaluation of our euro-denominated senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of our $250 million of senior notes maturing in april 2023 and a net decrease in commercial paper borrowings.
credit ratings are a significant factor in our ability to raise short- and long-term financing. the credit ratings assigned to our company also impact the interest rates we pay and our access to commercial paper, credit facilities, and other borrowings. a downgrade of our short-term credit ratings could impact our ability to access commercial paper markets. if our access to commercial paper markets were to become limited, the revolver and our other credit facilities would be available to meet our short-term funding requirements. when determining our credit rating, we believe that rating agencies primarily consider our competitive position, business outlook, consistency of cash flows, debt level and liquidity, geographic footprint and management team. we remain committed to maintaining an investment grade rating.
fair value of debt the estimated fair value of our long-term debt is primarily based on the credit spread above u.s. treasury securities or euro government bond securities, as applicable, on notes with similar rates, credit ratings and remaining maturities. the fair value of short-term borrowings, which includes commercial paper issuances and short-term lines of credit, approximates their carrying value given their short duration. the fair value of our total debt was $3.11 billion at december 30, 2023 and $2.85 billion at december 31, 2022. fair value amounts were determined based primarily on level 2 inputs, which are inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable. refer to note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," for more information.
contractual obligations, commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements material cash requirements at end of year 2023
we have short- and long-term material cash requirements related to our contractual obligations that arise in the normal course of business. in addition to principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt obligations, our contractual obligations primarily consist of lease payments and purchase commitments.
refer to note 4, "debt," to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our principal payments for short-term borrowings and long-term debt obligations as of december 30, 2023. future interest payments for long-term debt as of december 30, 2023 are approximately $90 million in 2024; $87 million in 2025; $78 million in 2026; $78 million in 2027; $78 million in 2028; and $199 million from 2029 through maturity.
as of december 30, 2023, we have a commitment to purchase approximately $164 million of raw materials in fiscal year 2024.
refer to note 7, "commitments and leases," to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our lease obligations as of december 30, 2023.
refer to note 6, "pension and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our defined benefit pension plan contributions and future benefit payments, deferred compensation plan benefit payments and unfunded termination indemnity benefits.
refer to note 12, "long-term incentive compensation," to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding cash-based awards to employees under one of our long-term incentive compensation plans.
refer to note 14, "taxes based on income," to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $88 million.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires our management to make estimates and assumptions for the reporting period and as of the financial statement date. these estimates and assumptions affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent liabilities, and reported amounts of revenue and expense. actual results could differ from these estimates.
critical accounting estimates are those that are important to our financial condition and results, and which require us to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. critical accounting estimates cover accounting matters that are inherently uncertain because their future resolution is unknown. we believe our critical accounting estimates include accounting for goodwill, business combinations, pension and postretirement benefits, taxes based on income and long-term incentive compensation.
goodwill business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method, with the excess of the acquisition cost over the fair value of net tangible assets and identified intangible assets acquired considered goodwill. as a result, we disclose goodwill separately from other intangible assets. our reporting units are composed of either a discrete business or an aggregation of businesses with similar economic characteristics.
we perform our annual impairment test of goodwill during the fourth quarter. certain factors may cause us to perform an impairment test prior to the fourth quarter, including significant underperformance of a business relative to expected operating results, significant adverse economic and industry trends, significant decline in our market capitalization for an extended period of time relative to net book value, or a decision to divest a portion of a reporting unit. in performing impairment tests, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment. if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative assessment.
a quantitative assessment primarily consists of using the present value (discounted cash flow) method to determine the fair value of reporting units with goodwill. we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, and, to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the unit's fair value, we recognize an impairment of goodwill for the excess up to the amount of goodwill of that reporting unit. in consultation with outside specialists, we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using various valuation techniques, with the primary technique being a discounted cash flow analysis. a discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various assumptions about our reporting units, including their respective forecasted sales, operating margins and growth rates, as well as discount rates. our assumptions about discount rates are based on the weighted average cost of capital for comparable companies. our assumptions about sales, operating margins and growth rates are based on our forecasts, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, and marketplace data. we also make assumptions for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond our long-term business plan period. we base our fair value estimates on projected financial information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable. however, actual future results may differ materially from these estimates and projections. the valuation methodology we use to estimate the fair value of reporting units requires inputs and assumptions that reflect current market conditions, as well as the impact of planned business and operational strategies that require management judgment. the estimated fair value could increase or decrease depending on changes in the inputs and assumptions.
in our annual impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of 2023, the goodwill of all reporting units in our materials group and solutions group reportable segments were tested utilizing a qualitative assessment. based on this assessment, we determined that the fair values of these reporting units were more-likely-than-not greater than their respective carrying values. therefore, the goodwill of our reporting units was not impaired.
business combinations the results of acquired businesses are included in our consolidated financial statements from their acquisition date. assets and liabilities of an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. we engage third-party valuation specialists to assist us in determining these fair values where necessary. any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill.
the allocation of purchase price requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions. while we believe our assumptions and estimates are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain and based in part on our experience, market conditions, our projections of future performance, and information obtained from management of the acquired companies. critical estimates include, but are not limited to, the following:
future revenue and profit margins;
royalty rates;
discount rates;
customer retention rates;
technology migration curves; and
useful lives assigned to acquired intangible assets.
acquired identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives to marketing, general and administrative expense.
pension and postretirement benefits the assumptions we use in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans are evaluated by management in consultation with outside actuaries. in the event that we determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions we use, such as the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return or health care costs, future pension and postretirement benefit expenses could increase or decrease. due to changes in market conditions or participant population, the actuarial assumptions we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liabilities and related costs.
discount rate in consultation with our actuaries, we annually review and determine the discount rates we use in valuing our postretirement obligations. the assumed discount rates for our non-u.s. pension plans reflect market rates for high quality corporate bonds currently available. our discount rates are determined by evaluating yield curves consisting of large populations of high quality corporate bonds. the projected pension benefit payment streams are then matched with the bond portfolios to determine a rate that reflects the liability duration unique to our pension and postretirement benefit plans. as of december 30, 2023, a 0.25% increase in the discount rates associated with our non-u.s. plans would have decreased our year-end projected benefit obligation by $27 million and decreased expected periodic benefit cost for the coming year by approximately $1 million. conversely, a 0.25% decrease in the discount rates associated with our non-u.s. plans would have increased our year-end projected benefit obligation by approximately $27 million and would not have a significant impact on expected periodic benefit cost for the coming year.
we use the full yield curve approach to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. using this approach, we apply multiple discount rates from a yield curve composed of the rates of return on several hundred high-quality, fixed income corporate bonds available at the measurement date. we believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest cost by aligning the timing of plan liability cash flows to the corresponding rates on the yield curve.
long-term return on plan assets we determine the long-term rate of return assumption for plan assets by reviewing the historical and expected returns of both the equity and fixed income markets, taking into account our asset allocation, the correlation between returns in our asset classes, and our mix of active and passive investments. additionally, current market conditions, including interest rates, are evaluated and market data is reviewed for reasonableness and appropriateness. an increase or decrease of 0.25% on the long-term return on assets associated with our non-u.s. plans would have decreased or increased our periodic benefit cost for the coming year by approximately $2 million.
taxes based on income because we are subject to income tax in the u.s. and multiple foreign jurisdictions, judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision for income taxes, accruals for taxes, deferred taxes and tax positions. our provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach in accordance with gaap. deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable in future years. these assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. these amounts are adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect changes in tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. we evaluate the realizability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the period over which recoverability is allowed by law and the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. our assessment of these sources of income relies heavily on estimates. our forecasted earnings by jurisdiction are determined by how we operate our business and any changes to our operations may affect our effective tax rate. for example, our future income tax rate could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions in which we have significant deferred tax assets that are dependent on such earnings to be realized. we use our historical experience and operating forecasts to evaluate expected future taxable income. to the extent we do not consider it more-likely-than-not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is established in the period we make that determination.
we calculate our current and deferred tax provision based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the actual results reflected in income tax returns filed in subsequent years. adjustments based on filed returns are recorded when identified.
tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to different interpretations by taxpayers and governmental taxing authorities. we review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances if and as new information becomes available. significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. our estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is subject to our assessment of relevant facts and circumstances existing at the balance sheet date, taking into consideration existing laws, regulations and practices of the governmental taxing authorities exercising jurisdiction over our operations. we recognize and measure our uncertain tax positions following the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition and measurement for tax positions we take or expect to take on a tax return.
refer to note 14, "taxes based on income," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
long-term incentive compensation valuation of stock-based awards we base our stock-based compensation expense on the fair value of awards, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for stock options and restricted stock units ("rsus"). we base compensation expense for performance units ("pus") on the fair value of awards, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, and amortized on a straight-line basis as these awards cliff-vest at the end of the requisite performance period. we base compensation expense related to market-leveraged stock units ("msus") on the fair value of awards, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, and amortized on a graded-vesting basis over their respective performance periods.
compensation expense for awards with a market condition as a performance objective, which includes pus and msus, is not adjusted if the condition is not met, as long as the requisite service period is met.
we determine the fair value of rsus and the component of pus that is subject to the achievement of a performance objective based on a financial performance condition based on the fair market value of our common stock as of the date of the grant, adjusted for foregone dividends. over the performance period of the pus, the estimated number of shares of our common stock issuable upon vesting is adjusted upward or downward based on the probability of achieving the performance objectives established for the award.
we determine the fair value of stock-based awards that are subject to achievement of performance objectives based on a market condition, which includes msus and the other component of pus, using the monte-carlo simulation model, which utilizes multiple input variables, including expected stock price volatility and other assumptions appropriate for determining fair value, to estimate the probability of satisfying the respective target performance objectives established for the award.
forfeiture rate changes in estimated forfeiture rates are recorded as cumulative adjustments in the period estimates are revised.
certain of our assumptions are based on management's estimates, in consultation with outside specialists. significant changes in assumptions for future awards and actual forfeiture rates could materially impact our stock-based compensation expense and results of operations.
valuation of cash-based awards cash-based awards consist of long-term incentive units ("lti units") granted to eligible employees. lti units are classified as liability awards and remeasured at each quarter-end over the applicable vesting or performance period. in addition to lti units with terms and conditions that mirror those of rsus, we also grant certain employees lti units with terms and conditions similar to those of pus and msus.
recent accounting requirements refer to note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for this information.
