item 1a. risk factors.
described below are certain risks we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. the risks are categorized using the following headings: external, strategic, operational, regulatory and legal, and financial and market. each of the following risk factors should be carefully considered in conjunction with other information provided in this annual report on form 10-k and in our other public disclosures. the risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, or access to sources of financing and, consequently, the market value of our common stock and debt instruments. these risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. the risks described below are not an exhaustive list of all the risks we face. there may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. all forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below.
external risks macroeconomic pressures, including, but not limited to, the current geopolitical climate, may adversely affect consumer spending and our financial results.
to varying degrees, our products and services are sensitive to changes in macroeconomic conditions that impact consumer spending. as a result, consumers may be affected in many ways, including, for example:
whether or not they make a purchase;
their choice of brand, model or price-point;
how frequently they upgrade or replace their devices; and
their appetite for complementary services (for example, my best buy plustm or my best buy totaltm membership).
real gdp growth, inflation (including wage inflation), consumer confidence, phasing out of public-health-emergency supports, employment levels, oil prices, interest, tax and foreign currency exchange rates, availability of consumer financing, housing market conditions, limitations on a government's ability to borrow and/or spend capital, cost of living (e.g., food, fuel), any recession (and resulting corresponding declines in consumer sentiment) and other macroeconomic trends can adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services that we offer. in addition to general levels of inflation, we are also subject to risks of specific inflationary pressures on product prices due to, for example, high consumer demand and supply chain disruptions. we may be unable to increase our prices sufficiently to offset these pressures.
geopolitical issues around the world and how our markets are positioned can also impact macroeconomic conditions and could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. these issues include, but are not limited to, the following:
the conflict in ukraine has exacerbated global geopolitical tensions, and may continue to significantly impact fuel prices, inflation, the global supply chain, cybersecurity and other macroeconomic conditions, which may further adversely affect global economic growth, consumer confidence and demand for our products and services. russia is a significant global producer of both fuel and raw materials used in certain products we sell, including nickel, aluminum and copper. disruptions in the markets for those inputs, or other inputs produced by russia, whether due to sanctions, market pressure to avoid purchasing inputs from russia or otherwise, could increase overall material costs for many of the products we sell. we cannot predict the extent or duration of sanctions in response to the conflict in ukraine, nor can we predict the effects of legislative or other governmental actions or regulatory scrutiny of russia, its allies or other countries with which russia has significant trade or financial ties, including china.
further deterioration of relations between taiwan and china, the resulting actions taken, the response of the international community and other factors affecting trade with china or political or economic conditions in taiwan could disrupt the manufacturing of products or hardware components in the region, such as semiconductors and television panels sourced from taiwan or the broader array of products sourced from china.
the israel-hamas war has heightened geopolitical tensions in the middle east region. additionally, attacks on cargo ships in the red sea, catalyzed by the israel-hamas war, have disrupted red sea shipping lanes and may continue to disrupt global trade flows and impact shipping capacity.
one or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our supply chain, the cost of our products or our revenues and financial results.
catastrophic events, including the effects of climate change, could adversely affect our operating results.
the risk or actual occurrence of various catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. events that affect our properties, supply chain, partners, workforce or customers may consist of, or be caused by, for example:
natural disasters or extreme weather events (such as earthquakes, floods, fires and droughts), including those related to, or exacerbated by, climate change;
diseases or pandemics;
power loss, telecommunications failures, or software or hardware malfunctions; or
terrorism (including related cyber threats), civil unrest, violent acts or other conflicts.
in recent years, we observed an increase in the number and severity of certain catastrophic events in many of our markets. such events can adversely affect our workforce and prevent employees and customers from reaching our stores and properties. additionally, heightened social unrest and violence and crime in or around our stores, customer homes or businesses where we are performing services may further jeopardize the safety and security of our workforce and customers. catastrophic events can also disrupt or disable portions of our supply chain, distribution network and third-party business operations that may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for business operations at the quantities and levels we require. finally, such events can also affect our information technology systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders. the adverse effects of any such catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event, such as a pandemic.
three of our largest states by total sales (california, texas and florida) are areas where natural disasters and extreme weather conditions have been, and could continue to be, more prevalent. natural disasters and climate-related events in those states and other areas where our sales and operations are concentrated could result in significant physical damage to or closure of our stores, distribution centers or other facilities.
further, current events associated with social injustice or inequality, along with the ensuing social activism, tension and potential for violence, may impact our workforce, customers, properties and the communities where we operate. if our customers and employees do not perceive our response to be appropriate or adequate for a particular region or for our company as a whole, we could suffer damage to our reputation and brand, which could adversely affect our business. as a consequence of these or other catastrophic events, we may experience interruption to our operations or losses of property, equipment and/or inventory, which could adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
many of the products we sell are highly susceptible to technological advancement, product life cycle fluctuations and changes in consumer preferences.
we operate in a highly, increasingly dynamic industry sector fueled by constant technological innovation and disruption, including most recently by the proliferation of artificial intelligence ("ai") technologies. these factors manifest in a variety of ways: the emergence of new products and categories, the rapid maturation of categories, cannibalization of categories, changing price points and product replacement and upgrade cycles.
this rapid pace of change can be hard to predict and manage. if we fail to interpret, predict and react to these changes in a timely and effective manner, the consequences may include, but are not limited to:
failure to offer the products and services that our customers want;
excess inventory, which may require heavy discounting or liquidation;
inability to secure adequate access to brands or products for which consumer demand exceeds supply;
delays in adapting our merchandising, marketing or supply chain capabilities to accommodate changes in product trends; and
damage to our brand and reputation.
these and other similar factors could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.
strategic risks we face strong competition from multi-channel retailers, e-commerce businesses, technology service providers, traditional store-based retailers, vendors and mobile network carriers, which directly affects our revenue and profitability.
while we constantly strive to offer consumers the best value, the retail sector is highly competitive. price is of great importance to most customers, and price transparency and comparability continues to increase. digital technology enables consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis, putting additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices. we compete with many local, regional, national and international retailers (both online and brick and mortar), as well as some of our vendors and mobile network carriers that market their products directly to consumers. competition is becoming increasingly diverse, including in the advertising revenue space and may also result from new entrants into the markets we serve, including unforeseen players that may be able to more aggressively leverage technologies (for example ai and platform integrations).
the retail sector continues to experience increased sales initiated online and using mobile applications, as well as online sales for both in-store or curbside pick-up. online and multi-channel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, with customers increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-cost or free shipping. our ability to offer competitive delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins. because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service and a full range of services to complement the products we offer, our cost structure might be higher than some of our competitors, and this, in conjunction with price transparency, could put pressure on our margins. as these and related competitive factors evolve, we may experience material adverse pressure on our revenue and profitability.
if we fail to attract, retain and engage qualified employees, our operations and profitability may be negatively impacted. in addition, changes in market compensation rates could adversely affect our profitability.
our performance is highly dependent on attracting, retaining and engaging appropriately qualified employees in our stores, service centers, distribution centers, field and corporate offices. our strategy of offering high-quality services and assistance for our customers requires a highly trained and engaged workforce. the turnover rate in the retail sector is relatively high and there is an ongoing need to recruit and train new employees. factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include, for example, employee engagement, our reputation, unemployment rates, competition from other employers, availability of qualified personnel and our ability to offer appropriate compensation and benefit packages. failure to recruit or retain qualified employees may impair our efficiency and effectiveness and our ability to pursue growth opportunities. in addition, significant turnover of our executive team or other employees in key positions with specific knowledge relating to our operations and industry may negatively impact our operations.
we operate in a competitive labor market and there is a risk that market increases in compensation and employer-provided benefits could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. we may also be subject to continued market pressure to increase employee hourly wage rates and increased cost pressure on employer-provided benefits. our need to implement corresponding adjustments within our labor model and compensation and benefit packages could have a material adverse impact on the profitability of our business. additionally, increasingly prevalent legal and regulatory restrictions on the terms or enforceability of non-competition, employee non-solicitation, confidentiality and similar restrictive covenant clauses could make it more difficult to retain qualified personnel.
our strategy to expand into new products and services (including health technology, services and logistics) brings new business, financial and regulatory risks.
we are introducing new products and services, particularly in the health sector, into new market areas. as these are new technologies for new markets, the first product and service iterations may require further invention and refinement. our customers may not like our new value propositions. these offerings may present persistent technology and regulatory challenges and we may be subject to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions, failures or other issues. these and other related issues could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and reputation.
this expanded risk increases the complexity of our business and places significant responsibility on our management, employees, operations, systems, technical expertise, financial resources and internal financial and regulatory control and reporting functions. our emerging initiatives may subject us to significant laws or regulations. for example:
we navigate a regulated medical device environment, including oversight by various government and regulatory agencies including, but not limited to, the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda").
we participate in government healthcare programs including, but not limited to, medicaid as a provider of personal emergency response system ("pers") devices and services.
sales of lively mobile phones and service plans subjects us to regulation as a telecommunications provider, including federal communications commission ("fcc") oversight.
the collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information, subjects us to privacy and security requirements. notably, portions of the health business are subject to the health insurance portability and accountability act ("hipaa") and certain of current health's international operations are subject to the uk's general data protection regulation ("gdpr," as retained in uk law). state data privacy laws are also rapidly changing, such as washington's new my health, my data act with a private right of action, raising new considerations and challenges.
non-compliance with conditions imposed by regulatory authorities related to any of the above activities may lead to a range of consequences, including, but not limited to, customer complaints, individual consumer claims or class actions, product recalls, temporary bans on products, stoppages at production facilities, orders to stop providing services, remediation costs, corrective action plans, fines, penalties, regulatory enforcement actions, potential loss of business and impairment of our ability to continue participation in government healthcare programs, any of which could adversely affect our operations, financial results and reputation.
our focus on services exposes us to certain risks that could have a material adverse impact on our revenue, profitability and reputation.
we offer a full range of services that complement our product offerings, including consultation, delivery, design, installation, memberships, protection plans, repair, set-up, technical support and health, safety and caregiving monitoring and support. designing, marketing and executing these services is subject to incremental risks. these risks include, for example:
sustained increase in consumer desire to purchase product offerings online and through mobile applications, impacting our ability to sell ancillary services;
increased labor expense to fulfill our customer promises;
increased pressure on margins from our best buy membership offerings, and the risk that increased volumes will not fully compensate for lower margins, or for loss of revenue and profit from revenue streams that are now included as benefits;
pressure on traditional labor models to meet the evolving landscape of offerings and customer needs;
use of third-party services that fail to meet our standards or fail to comply with applicable labor and independent contractor regulations, leading to potential reputational damage and liability risk;
increased risk of errors or omissions in the fulfillment of services;
unpredictable extended warranty failure rates and related expenses;
employees in transit using company vehicles to visit customer locations and employees being present in customer homes, which may increase our scope of liability;
the potential for increased scope of liability relating to managed services offerings;
employees having access to customer devices, including the information held on those devices, which may increase our responsibility for the security of those devices and the privacy of the data they hold;
operational failures arising from growing demands on existing technological infrastructure;
the engagement of third parties to assist with aspects of construction and installation and the potential responsibility for their actions;
the risk that in-home services could be more adversely impacted by inclement weather, health and safety concerns and catastrophic events; and
increased risk of non-compliance with new laws and regulations applicable to these services.
our reliance on key vendors and mobile network carriers subjects us to various risks and uncertainties which could affect our revenue and profitability.
we source the products we sell from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. in fiscal 2024, our 20 largest suppliers accounted for approximately 80% of the merchandise we purchased, with five suppliers - apple, samsung, hp, sony and lg - representing approximately 55% of total merchandise purchased. we generally do not have long-term written contracts with our vendors that would require them to continue supplying us with merchandise. our profitability depends on securing acceptable terms with our vendors for, among other things, the price of merchandise we purchase from them, funding for various forms of promotional programs, payment terms, allocations of merchandise, development of compelling assortments of products, operation of vendor-focused shopping experiences within our stores and terms covering returns and factory warranties. while we believe we offer capabilities that these vendors value and depend upon to varying degrees, our vendors may be able to leverage their competitive advantages  for example, their own stores or online channels, their financial strength, the strength of their brands with customers or their relationships with other retailers  to our commercial disadvantage. the potential adverse impact of these factors can be amplified by price transparency  which can limit our flexibility to modify selling prices  and a highly competitive retail environment. generally, our ability to negotiate favorable terms with our vendors is more difficult with vendors when our purchases represent a smaller proportion of their total revenues and/or when there is less competition for those products. in addition, vendors may decide to limit or cease allowing us to offer certain categories, focus their marketing efforts on alternative channels or make unfavorable changes to our financial or other terms.‎
we are also dependent on a small number of mobile carriers to allow us to offer mobile devices with carrier connections. the competitive strategies utilized by mobile network carriers can have a material impact on our business, especially with ongoing consolidation in the mobile industry. for example, if carriers change the structure of contracts, upgrade terms, qualification requirements, monthly fee plans, cancellation fees or service levels, the volume of upgrades and new contracts we sign with customers may be reduced, adversely affecting our revenue and profitability. in addition, our carriers may also serve customers through their own stores, websites, mobile applications and call centers or through other competing retail channels.
demand for the products and services we sell could decline if we fail to maintain positive brand perception and recognition through a focus on consumer experience.
we operate a portfolio of brands with a commitment to customer service and innovation. we believe that recognition and the reputation of our company and our brands are key to our success. operational factors, such as failure to deliver high quality services, uncompetitive pricing, failure to meet delivery promises or business interruptions, could damage our reputation. external factors, such as negative public remarks or accusations, or our failure to meet enhanced expectations on corporate response to sensitive topics, could also be damaging. third parties may commit fraud (including ai-driven fraud) while using our brand without our permission, possibly harming brand perception or reputation. the ubiquity of social media means that customer feedback and other information about our company are shared with a broad audience in a manner that is easily accessible and rapidly disseminated. damage to the perception or reputation of our brands could result in, among other things, declines in revenues and customer loyalty, decreases in gift card and service plan sales, lower employee retention and productivity and vendor relationship issues, all of which could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
failure to effectively manage strategic ventures, alliances or acquisitions could have a negative impact on our business.
we may decide to enter into new joint ventures, partnerships, alliances or acquisitions with third parties (collectively, "new ventures"). assessing the viability of new ventures is typically subject to significant uncertainty, and the success of such new ventures can be adversely affected by many factors, including, for example:
different and incremental business and other risks of the new venture not identified in our diligence assessments;
failure to attract, motivate and retain key employees of the new venture;
uncertainty of forecasting financial performance;
failure to integrate aspects of the new venture into our existing business, such as new product or service offerings or information technology systems;
failure to maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting;
failure to generate expected synergies, such as cost reductions;
unforeseen changes in the business environment of the new venture;
disputes or strategic differences with key employees or other third-party participants in the new venture; and
adverse impacts on relationships with vendors and other key partners of our existing business or the new venture.
if our new or emerging strategic ventures are unsuccessful, our liquidity and profitability could be materially adversely affected, and we may be required to recognize material impairments to goodwill and other assets acquired. new ventures may also divert our financial resources and management's attention from other important areas of our business.
failure to effectively manage our real estate portfolio may negatively impact our operating results.
effective management of our real estate portfolio is critical to our omnichannel strategy. failure to identify and secure suitable locations for our stores and other facilities could impair our ability to compete successfully and our profitability. most of our properties are leased under multi-year contracts. as such, it is essential that we effectively evaluate a range of factors that may influence the success of our long-term real estate strategy. such factors include, for example:
changing patterns of customer consumption and behavior, particularly in light of an evolving omnichannel environment;
our ability to adjust store operating models to adapt to these changing patterns;
the location and appropriate number of stores, supply chain and other facilities in our portfolio;
the interior layout, format and size of our stores;
the products and services we offer at each store;
the local competitive positioning, trade area demographics and economic factors for each of our stores;
the primary term lease commitment and long-term lease option coverage for each store; and
the occupancy cost of our stores relative to market rents.
if we fail to effectively evaluate these factors or negotiate appropriate terms, or if unforeseen changes arise, the consequences could include, for example:
closing stores and abandoning the related assets, while retaining the financial commitments of the leases;
incurring significant costs to remodel or transform our stores;
operating stores, supply chain or service locations that no longer meet the needs of our business; and
bearing excessive lease expenses.
these consequences could have a material adverse impact on our profitability, cash flows and liquidity.
for leased property, the financial impact of exiting a location can vary greatly depending on, among other factors, the terms of the lease, the condition of the local real estate market, demand for the specific property, our ability to fulfill our maintenance and repair obligations, our relationship with the landlord and the availability of potential sub-lease tenants. it is difficult for us to influence some of these factors and the costs of exiting a property can be significant. in addition to rent, we are typically responsible for taxes, insurance and common area maintenance charges for vacant properties until the lease commitment expires or is terminated. similarly, when we enter into a contract with a tenant to sub-lease property, we usually retain our obligations as the master lessee. this leaves us at risk for any remaining liability in the event of default by the sub-lease tenant.
operational risks interruptions and other factors affecting our stores and supply chain, including in-bound deliveries from our vendors, may adversely affect our business.
our stores and supply chain assets are a critical part of our operations, particularly considering industry trends and initiatives, such as ship-from-store and the emphasis on fast delivery when purchasing online. we depend on our vendors' abilities to deliver products to us at the right location, at the right time and in the right quantities. we also depend on third parties for the operation of certain aspects of our supply chain network. the factors that can adversely affect these aspects of our operations include, but are not limited to:
interruptions to our delivery capabilities;
failure of third parties to meet our standards or commitments;
disruptions to our systems and the need to implement new systems;
limitations in capacity;
global supply chain impacts that could hinder third parties' ability to meet our demand for product volumes and timing;
increased levels of inventory loss due to organized crime, theft or damage;
risk to our employees and customers arising from burglary or robbery from our stores or other facilities;
consolidation or business failures in the transportation and distribution sectors;
labor strikes, slow-downs, labor shortages or unionization, including as a result of an increasingly competitive job market, affecting our stores or impacting ports or any other aspect of our supply chain;
diseases, pandemics, outbreaks and other health-related concerns; and
increasing transportation costs, including increases related to geopolitical, labor actions and environmental events (for example, droughts impacting panama canal shipping capacity).
it is important that we maintain optimal levels of inventory in each store and distribution center and respond rapidly to shifting demands. any disruption to, or inefficiency in, our supply chain network, whether due to geopolitical conflicts or catastrophic events, could damage our revenue and profitability. the risks associated with our dependence on third parties are greater for small parcel home deliveries because of the relatively small number of carriers with the scope and capacity required by our business. the continuing growth of online purchases for delivery increases our exposure to these risks. if we fail to manage these risks effectively, we could experience a material adverse impact on our reputation, revenue and profitability.
we utilize third-party vendors for certain aspects of our operations, and any material disruption in our relationships or their services may have an adverse impact on our business.
we engage key third-party business partners to support various functions of our business, including, but not limited to, delivery and installation, customer warranty, information technology, web hosting and cloud-based services, customer loyalty programs, promotional financing and customer loyalty credit cards, gift cards, technical support, transportation, insurance programs and human resource operations. any material disruption in our relationships with key third-party business partners or any disruption in the services or systems provided or managed by third parties could impact our revenues and cost structure and hinder our operations, particularly if a disruption occurs during peak revenue periods.
our exclusive brands products are subject to several additional product, supply chain and legal risks that could affect our operating results.
sales of our exclusive brands products, which include the best buy essentials, dynex, insignia, modal, platinum, rocketfish, yardbird and lively brands, represent an important component of our product offerings and our revenue and profitability. most of these products are manufactured by contract manufacturers in china and southeast asia. this arrangement exposes us to the following additional potential risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results:
we have greater exposure and responsibility to consumers for warranty replacements and repairs as a result of exclusive brands product defects, and our recourse to contract manufacturers for such warranty liabilities may be limited in foreign jurisdictions;
we may be subject to regulatory compliance and/or product liability claims relating to personal injury, death or property damage caused by exclusive brands products, some of which may require us to take significant actions, such as product recalls;
we may experience disruptions in manufacturing or logistics in the future due to inconsistent and unanticipated order patterns, our inability to develop long-term relationships with key manufacturers, diseases or pandemics, ongoing and unforeseen natural disasters or geopolitical crises;
we may not be able to locate manufacturers that meet our internal standards, whether for new exclusive brands products or for migration of the manufacturing of products from an existing manufacturer;
we may be subject to a greater risk of inventory obsolescence as we do not generally have return-to-vendor rights;
we are subject to developing and often-changing labor and environmental laws for the manufacturing of products in foreign countries, and we may be unable to conform to new rules or interpretations in a timely manner;
we may be subject to claims by technology or other intellectual property owners if we inadvertently infringe upon their patents or other intellectual property rights or if we fail to pay royalties owed on our exclusive brands products;
our operations may be disrupted by trade disputes or excessive tariffs, including any future trade disputes or future phases of trade negotiations with china and we may not be able to source alternatives quickly enough to avoid interruptions in product supply; and
we may be unable to obtain or adequately protect patents and other intellectual property rights on our exclusive brands products or manufacturing processes.
maintaining consistent quality, availability and competitive pricing of our exclusive brands products helps us build and maintain customer loyalty, generate revenue and achieve acceptable margins. failure to maintain these factors could have a significant adverse impact on the demand for exclusive brands products and the profits we are able to generate from them.
we are subject to risks associated with vendors that source products outside of the u.s.
our ability to find qualified vendors who can supply products in a timely and efficient manner that meet our internal standards of quality and safety can be difficult, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the u.s. risks such as political or economic instability, cross-border trade restrictions or tariffs, merchandise quality issues, product safety concerns, work stoppages, human rights violations, port delays, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, civil unrest, natural disasters, outbreaks of pandemics and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. vendors may also fail to invest adequately in design, production or distribution facilities and may reduce their customer incentives, advertising and promotional activities or change their pricing policies. these and other related issues could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
we rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business.
the effective and efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information technology systems and those of our information technology vendors. we rely heavily on these information technology systems to manage all key aspects of our business, including demand forecasting, purchasing, supply chain management, point-of-sale processing, services fulfillment (including, for example, our urgent response service provided by best buy health), staff planning and deployment, financial management, reporting and forecasting and safeguarding critical and sensitive information.
our information technology systems and those of our partners are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyber-attacks and other malicious actions, including ransomware and phishing attacks), the implementation of ai technologies, catastrophic events (such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes) and usage errors by our employees. while we have adopted, and continue to enhance, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies, there is no guarantee that such plans and strategies will be effective, which could interrupt the functionality of our information technology systems or those of third parties. the failure or interruption of these information systems, data centers, cloud platforms or their backup systems could significantly disrupt our business and cause higher costs and lost revenues and could threaten our ability to remain in operation.
as we continue to migrate more systems to the cloud, we may face additional risks that may compromise our security or disrupt our business capabilities, including ensuring the proper configuration, the unknowns of operating more workloads in the cloud, securing systems in the cloud and the types of cloud-based services we leverage.
we face a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents and are more dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities.
we utilize complex information technology platforms to operate our websites and mobile applications. if we fail to secure these systems against attacks, or fail to effectively upgrade and maintain our hardware, software, network, and system infrastructure and improve the efficiency and resiliency of our systems, it could cause system interruptions and delays. disruptions to these services, such as those caused by unforeseen traffic levels, malicious attacks by governments, criminals or other non-state actors, other technical difficulties or events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures or loss of critical data, could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders for products or services, which could cause us to forgo material revenues, incur material costs and could adversely affect our reputation.
further, as our online interactions and sales have increased and have become critical to our growth, and as many employees now use hybrid or full-time remote-working arrangements, the risk of any interruption of our information technology system capabilities is heightened, as well as the risk that customer demand exceeds the capacity of our online operations. any such interruption or capacity constraint could result in a deterioration of our ability to process online sales, provide customer service or perform other necessary business functions.
the integration of ai into our operations increases cybersecurity and privacy risks (including unauthorized or misuse of ai tools) and could lead to potential unauthorized access, misuse, acquisition, release, disclosure, alteration or destruction of company and customer data or other confidential or proprietary information and challenge the stability of our platforms. further, threat actors may leverage ai to engage in automated, targeted and coordinated attacks of our systems.‎
failure to prevent or effectively respond to a breach of the privacy or security of our customer, employee, vendor or company information could expose us to substantial costs and reputational damage, as well as litigation and enforcement actions.
our business involves the collection, use and storage of personal information, including payment card information and protected health information, as well as confidential information regarding our employees, vendors and other company information. we also share personal and confidential information with suppliers and other third parties and we use third-party technology and systems that process and transmit information for a variety of activities. we have been the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and we may be subject to breaches of our information technology systems. while we engage in significant data-protection efforts, criminal activity, such as cyber-attacks, lapses in our controls or the intentional or negligent actions of employees, business associates or third parties, may undermine our privacy and security measures. as a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate company, employee, third party or customer information, or authorized parties may use or share personal information in an inappropriate manner or otherwise seek to extract financial gain based on access to, or possession of, company, employee or customer information. furthermore, because the methods used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and may not be immediately detected, and given the potentially disruptive nature of emerging technologies (including ai), we may be unable to anticipate such attacks or promptly and effectively respond to them. any compromise of our customer information or other confidential information could have a material adverse effect on our reputation or our relationships with our customers and partners, which may in turn, have a negative impact on our revenue and may expose us to material costs, penalties and claims.
sensitive customer data may also be present on customer-owned devices entrusted to us for service and repair. vulnerable code on products sold or serviced, including our exclusive brands, may also result in a compromise of customer privacy or security. if our efforts to protect against such compromises and ensure appropriate handling of customer data on devices we manufacture, sell and service are not effective, this may result in potential liability and damage to our customer relationships.
increasing costs associated with information security and privacy, such as increased investment in technology and qualified staff, costs of compliance, costs resulting from fraud or criminal activity and costs of cyber and privacy insurance, could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially. additionally, newly applicable and potential new or significantly revised state, provincial and federal laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business are expanding our obligations to protect and honor the privacy and security of customer data, requiring additional resources and creating incremental risk arising from a potential breach or compliance failure. in addition, any compromise of our data security may materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such breaches and could subject us to additional legal risk.
product safety and quality concerns could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.
if the products we sell fail to meet, or are alleged to fail to meet, applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety and quality, we could be exposed to increased legal risk and damage to our reputation. failure to take appropriate actions in relation to product-related issues (for example, product recalls), could lead to violations of laws and regulations and leave us susceptible to government enforcement actions or private litigation. recalls of products, particularly when combined with lack of available alternatives or difficulty in sourcing sufficient volumes of replacement products, could also have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.
changes to labor or employment laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on our costs and impair the viability of our operating model.
as an employer of more than 85,000 people in many jurisdictions, we are subject to risks related to employment laws and regulations including, for example:
the organization of unions and related rules that affect the nature of labor relations, which are frequently reconsidered and modified by the national labor relations board;
laws that impact the relationship between the company and independent contractors and the classification of employees and independent contractors; and
laws that impact minimum wage, sick time, paid leave, non-compete covenants and scheduling requirements that could directly or indirectly increase our payroll costs and/or impact the level of service we are able to provide.
changes to laws and regulations such as these could adversely impact our reputation, our ability to continue operations and our profitability.
regulatory and legal risks we are subject to statutory, regulatory and legal developments that could have a material adverse impact on our business.
our statutory, regulatory and legal environments expose us to complex compliance and litigation risks that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. some of the most significant compliance and litigation risks we face include, but are not limited to:
the difficulty of complying with sometimes conflicting statutes and regulations in local, national or international jurisdictions;
the potential for unexpected costs related to compliance with new or existing environmental legislation or international agreements affecting energy, carbon emissions, electronics recycling and water or product materials;
the challenges of ensuring compliance with applicable product compliance laws and regulations with respect to both the products we sell and the products we contract to manufacture, including laws and regulations related to product safety and product transport;
the financial, operational and business impact of evolving regulations governing data privacy and security, including limitations on the collection, use or sharing of information; consumer rights to access, delete or limit/opt-out of the use of information; or litigation arising from new private rights of action;
the impact of other new or changing statutes and regulations including, but not limited to, financial reform; national labor relations board rule changes; healthcare reform; contracted worker labor laws; corporate governance matters; escheatment rules; rules governing pricing, content, distribution, copyright, mobile communications, ai deployment or usage, electronic device certification or payment services; and/or other future legislation that could affect how we operate and execute our strategies as well as alter our expense structure;
the impact of litigation, including class-action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders and labor and employment matters;
the possibility of a federal ban on arbitration clauses in consumer and/or employee contracts, which could increase costs of dispute resolution; and
the impact of changes in the federal executive and legislative branches on the development, or changes in, laws, regulations and policies, such as economic, fiscal, tax, retail, labor and social policies.
the impact of geopolitical tensions, including the potential implementation of more restrictive trade policies, higher tariffs or the renegotiation of existing trade agreements in the u.s. or countries where we sell our products and services or procure products, could have a material adverse effect on our business. in particular, political or trade disputes, or future phases of trade negotiations with china could lead to the imposition of tariffs or other trade actions that could adversely affect our supply chain and our business and could require us to take action to mitigate those effects.
further, the impact of potential changes in u.s., state or other countries' tax laws and regulations or evolving interpretations of existing laws, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
regulatory activity that affects the retail sector has grown in recent years, increasing the risk of fines and additional operating costs associated with compliance. additionally, defending against lawsuits and other proceedings may involve significant expense and divert management's attention and resources from other matters.
concern over climate change may result in new or additional legal, legislative and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, which could result in future tax, compliance, transportation and utility cost increases. our own climate change-oriented initiatives, such as our attempts to increase energy efficiency during store construction and remodeling, could also increase our costs. in addition, changes to the environment, both long-term and short-term, may affect consumer shopping behavior in a way that negatively impacts our revenue, revenue mix and profitability.
our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to cybersecurity and corporate responsibility and sustainability matters, that could expose us to numerous risks.
we are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by several governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the sec, the new york stock exchange and the financial accounting standards board. these rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, with many new requirements emerging in response to laws enacted by congress, demanding increased attention and vigilance for compliance. in addition, regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on cybersecurity and corporate responsibility and sustainability ("crs") matters and related disclosures. these changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. for example, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of crs, and collecting, measuring and reporting crs-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time-consuming and are subject to evolving reporting standards, including the sec's final climate-related reporting requirements issued in march 2024 and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. we may also communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing, social investments and other related matters in our sec filings or in other public disclosures. these initiatives and goals within the scope of crs could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost-effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. further, statements about our initiatives and goals and progress toward those goals, may be based on measurement standards that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. in addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. if our crs-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected.‎
our international activities are subject to many of the same risks as described above, as well as to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, regulatory, political, economic and cultural factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate.
we operate retail locations in canada, current health operates in the uk, and most of our exclusive brands products are manufactured by contract manufacturers based in southeast asia. we also have wholly-owned legal entities registered in various other foreign countries, including bermuda, china, hong kong, luxembourg, the republic of mauritius and the uk. during fiscal 2024, our international segment's operations generated approximately 8% of our revenue. in general, the risk factors identified above also have relevance to our international operations. our international operations expose us to additional risks, including those related to, for example:
political conditions and geopolitical events, including war and terrorism;
economic conditions, including monetary and fiscal policies and tax rules, as well as foreign exchange rate risk;
rules governing international trade and potential changes to trade policies or trade agreements and ownership of foreign entities;
government-imposed travel restrictions or warnings and differing responses of governmental authorities to pandemics and other global events;
cultural differences that we may be unable to anticipate or respond to appropriately;
different rules or practices regarding employee relations, including the existence of works councils or unions;
difficulties in enforcing intellectual property rights; and
difficulties encountered in exerting appropriate management oversight to operations in remote locations.
these factors could significantly disrupt our international operations and have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability and could lead us to incur material impairments and other exit costs.
financial and market risks failure to effectively manage our costs could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
as discussed above, our revenues are susceptible to volatility from various sources, which can lead to periods of flat or declining revenues. however, some of our operating costs are fixed and/or are subject to multi-year contracts. some elements of our costs may be higher than our competitors' because of, for example, our extended retail footprint and structure, our hourly pay structure, our differentiated service offerings or our levels of customer service. accordingly, our ongoing drive to reduce costs and increase efficiency represents a strategic imperative. failure to successfully manage our costs could have a material adverse impact on our profitability and curtail our ability to fund our growth or other critical initiatives.
we are highly dependent on the cash flows and net earnings we generate during our fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season.
a large proportion of our revenue and earnings is generated in the fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season. in addition, the holiday shopping season also incorporates many other unpredictable factors, such as the level of competitive promotional activity, new product release activity and customer buying patterns, which makes it difficult to forecast and react to these factors quickly. unexpected events or developments, such as pandemics, natural or man-made disasters, changes in consumer demand, economic factors, product sourcing issues, cyber-attacks, failure or interruption of management information systems, or disruptions in services or systems provided or managed by third-party vendors could significantly disrupt our operations. as a result of these factors, our fiscal fourth quarter and annual results could be adversely affected.
economic, regulatory and other developments could adversely affect our ability to offer attractive promotional financing to our customers and adversely affect the profits we generate from these programs.
we offer promotional financing and credit cards issued by third-party banks that manage and directly extend credit to our customers. customers choosing promotional financing can receive extended payment terms and low- or no-interest financing on qualifying purchases. we believe our financing programs generate incremental revenue from customers who prefer the financing terms to other available forms of payment or otherwise need access to financing in order to make purchases. approximately 25% of our fiscal 2024 domestic revenue was transacted using one of the company's branded cards. in addition, we earn profit-share income and share in any losses from some of our banking partners based on the performance of the programs. profit-sharing revenue from our credit card arrangement approximated 1.4% of domestic revenue in fiscal 2024. the income or loss we earn in this regard is subject to numerous factors, including the volume and value of transactions, the terms of promotional financing offers, bad debt rates, credit card delinquency rates, interest rates, the regulatory and competitive environment and expenses of operating the program. adverse changes to any of these factors could impair our ability to offer these programs to customers and reduce customer purchases and our ability to earn income from sharing in the profits of the programs.
constraints in the capital markets or our vendor credit terms may have a material adverse impact on our liquidity.
we need sufficient sources of liquidity to fund our working capital requirements, service our outstanding indebtedness and finance business opportunities. without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations, or we may not be able to pursue business opportunities. the principal sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operating activities, available cash and liquid investments, credit facilities, other debt arrangements and trade payables. our liquidity could be materially adversely impacted if our vendors reduce payment terms and/or impose tighter credit limits. if our sources of liquidity do not satisfy our requirements, we may need to seek additional financing. we typically hold material balances of cash, cash equivalents and/or short-term investments and are therefore reliant on banks and other financial institutions to safeguard and allow ready access to these assets. our future liquidity will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and market conditions, the regulatory environment for and financial stability of banks and other financial institutions, the availability of credit, our credit ratings and our reputation with potential lenders. these factors could have a material adverse effect on our costs of borrowing and our ability to pursue business opportunities and threaten our ability to meet our obligations as they become due.
changes in our credit ratings may limit our access to capital and materially increase our borrowing costs.
any future downgrades to our credit ratings and outlook could negatively impact the perception of our credit risk and thus our access to capital markets, borrowing costs, vendor terms and lease terms. our credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. rating agencies may change the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control, including the introduction of new rating practices and methodologies.
failure to meet any financial performance guidance or other forward-looking statements we may provide to the public could result in a decline in our stock price.
we may provide public guidance on our expected financial results or other forward-looking information for future periods. when we provide guidance, we believe that this guidance provides investors and analysts with a better understanding of management's expectations for the future and is useful to our existing and potential shareholders, but such guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our other public filings and public statements. our actual results may not be in line with guidance we have provided. we may not be able to accurately forecast our growth rate and profit margins. we base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. a significant portion of our expenses and investments are fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. our revenue growth may not be sustainable and our percentage growth rates may decrease. our revenue and operating profit growth depend on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. if our financial results for a particular period do not meet any guidance we provide or the expectations of market participants, or if we reduce any guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. unless otherwise noted, transactions and other factors significantly impacting our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity are discussed in order of magnitude. our md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k. refer to item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, in our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 28, 2023, for discussion of the results of operations for the year ended january 28, 2023, compared to the year ended january 29, 2022, which is incorporated by reference herein.
overview we are driven by our purpose to enrich lives through technology and our vision to personalize and humanize technology solutions for every stage of life. we accomplish this by leveraging our combination of technology and a human touch to meet our customers' everyday needs, whether they come to us online, visit our stores or invite us into their homes. we have operations in the u.s. and canada.
we have two reportable segments: domestic and international. the domestic segment is comprised of our operations in all states, districts and territories of the u.s. and our best buy health business, and includes the brand names best buy, best buy ads, best buy business, best buy health, cst, current health, geek squad, lively, magnolia, pacific kitchen and home, techliquidators and yardbird; and the domain names bestbuy.com, currenthealth.com, lively.com, techliquidators.com and yardbird.com. the international segment is comprised of all operations in canada under the brand names best buy, best buy mobile and geek squad and the domain name bestbuy.ca.
our fiscal year ends on the saturday nearest the end of january. fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 ended february 3, 2024, january 28, 2023, and january 29, 2022, respectively. unless otherwise noted, references to years in the md&a section of this report relate to fiscal years, and not calendar years. fiscal 2024 included 53 weeks with the 53rd week occurring in the fiscal fourth quarter. fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 each included 52 weeks. our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal. a large proportion of our revenue and earnings is generated in the fiscal fourth quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season.
comparable sales throughout this md&a, we refer to comparable sales. comparable sales is a metric used by management to evaluate the performance of our existing stores, websites and call centers by measuring the change in net sales for a particular period over the comparable prior period of equivalent length. comparable sales includes revenue from stores, websites and call centers operating for at least 14 full months. revenue from online sales is included in comparable sales and represents sales initiated on a website or app, regardless of whether customers choose to pick up product in store, curbside, at an alternative pick-up location or take delivery direct to their homes. revenue from acquisitions is included in comparable sales beginning with the first full quarter following the first anniversary of the date of the acquisition. comparable sales also includes credit card revenue, gift card breakage, commercial sales and sales of merchandise to wholesalers and dealers, as applicable. revenue from stores closed more than 14 days, including but not limited to relocated, remodeled, expanded and downsized stores, or stores impacted by natural disasters, is excluded from comparable sales until at least 14 full months after reopening. comparable sales excludes the impact of profit-share revenue, the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (applicable to our international segment only) and the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2024. all periods presented apply this methodology consistently.
we believe comparable sales is a meaningful supplemental metric for investors to evaluate revenue performance resulting from growth in existing stores, websites and call centers versus the portion resulting from opening new stores or closing existing stores. the method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our method of calculating comparable sales may not be the same as other retailers' methods.
non-gaap financial measures this md&a includes financial information prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"), as well as certain adjusted or non-gaap financial measures, such as non-gaap operating income, non-gaap effective tax rate and non-gaap diluted earnings per share ("eps"). we believe that non-gaap financial measures, when reviewed in conjunction with gaap financial measures, provide additional useful information for evaluating current period performance and assessing future performance. for these reasons, internal management reporting, including budgets, forecasts and financial targets used for short-term incentives are based on non-gaap financial measures. generally, our non-gaap financial measures include adjustments for items such as restructuring charges, goodwill and intangible asset impairments, price-fixing settlements, gains and losses on sales of subsidiaries and certain investments, intangible asset amortization, certain acquisition-related costs and the tax effect of all such items. in addition, certain other items may be excluded from non-gaap financial measures when we believe doing so provides greater clarity to management and our investors. we provide reconciliations of the most comparable financial measures presented in accordance with gaap to presented non-gaap financial measures that enable investors to understand the adjustments made in arriving at the non-gaap financial measures and to evaluate performance using the same metrics as management. these non-gaap financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not superior to or as a substitute for, gaap financial measures. we strongly encourage investors and shareholders to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. non-gaap financial measures may be calculated differently from similarly titled measures used by other companies, thereby limiting their usefulness for comparative purposes.
in our discussions of the operating results of our consolidated business and our international segment, we sometimes refer to the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which are references to the differences between the foreign currency exchange rates we use to convert the international segment's operating results from local currencies into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes. we also may use the term "constant currency," which represents results adjusted to exclude foreign currency impacts. we calculate those impacts as the difference between the current period results translated using the current period currency exchange rates and using the comparable prior period currency exchange rates. we believe the disclosure of revenue changes in constant currency provides useful supplementary information to investors in light of significant fluctuations in currency rates.
refer to the non-gaap financial measures section below for detailed reconciliations of items impacting non-gaap operating income, non-gaap effective tax rate and non-gaap diluted eps in the presented periods.‎
business strategy update during fiscal 2024, our teams once again delivered strong execution and showcased their ability to navigate through what continues to be a challenging environment for our industry, while keeping our customers and their experiences as our top priority. we continue to balance the need to adjust in response to current industry sales trends with the need to invest in our business so that we can capitalize on opportunities as our industry moves through this downturn and returns to expected growth.
in fiscal 2024, digital sales comprised 33% of our domestic revenue compared to 19% in fiscal 2020. during these same time periods, the percentage of online sales picked up in our stores by our customers was consistent at just over 40%. therefore, we are continuing to adapt our omnichannel capabilities to ensure we maintain a leading position in an increasingly digital age and evolving retail landscape.
we believe our portfolio of stores are crucial assets that provide customers with differentiated experiences, services and convenient multichannel fulfillment. at the same time, our stores need to be cost and capital efficient to operate while remaining a great place to work. during fiscal 2024, we closed 24 large format stores and implemented 8 large format experience store remodels. as we look to fiscal 2025, we plan to invest back into our store experience. customer shopping behavior has evolved in the last four years, and in the near-term we are particularly focused on ensuring we provide the experience that customers expect to have when they take the time to come into our stores. as a result, our capital investments for fiscal 2025 are concentrated more on existing store updates and refreshes and less on major remodels or store openings.
we continue to advance our omni-channel operating model to align with the ongoing evolution of our industry and marketplace trends with two overarching goals in mind - efficiently allocating our labor cost, considering the channel shift from our physical stores to online, and providing our employees flexibility, predictability and opportunities to gain more skills. we are focused on balancing the amount of labor hours necessary to deliver the best experience possible for our customers and other stakeholders.
during fiscal 2024, we continued to grow our membership base and ended the year with a total of approximately seven million paid members. our paid members consistently showed higher levels of interaction, with comparatively higher levels of spend at best buy and a shift of spend away from competitors. last june, we successfully launched significant changes to our membership program that allow customers more freedom to choose a membership that fits their technology needs, budget and shopping preferences. in addition, we expect the changes to provide more flexibility to evolve our programs while resulting in a lower cost to serve than our previous paid membership program, which we have already seen results in margin favorability.
although there continue to be macro pressures impacting retail overall and consumer electronics more specifically, we expect fiscal 2025 to be a year of increasing industry stabilization as the pace of innovation increases and consumers begin to upgrade and replace technology products bought earlier in the pandemic. our strategy is to focus on sharpening our customer experiences and industry positioning while maintaining, if not expanding, our profitability.
we remain excited about our industry and our future. there are more technology products than ever in people's homes, technology is increasingly a necessity in our lives, and we believe we are uniquely there for our customers as they navigate this vibrant, ever-changing and innovative space.
results of operations consolidated results selected consolidated financial data was as follows ($ in millions, except per share amounts):
(1)
2024                                                   2023                   2022
revenue                                  $43,452                $46,298             $51,761
revenue % change                           (6.1)   %             (10.6)   %             9.5   %
comparable sales % change                  (6.8)   %              (9.9)   %            10.4   %
gross profit                              $9,603                 $9,912             $11,640
gross profit as a % of revenue(1)           22.1   %               21.4   %            22.5   %
sg&amp;a                                  $7,876                 $7,970              $8,635
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue(1)               18.1   %               17.2   %            16.7   %
restructuring charges                       $153                   $147               $(34)
operating income                          $1,574                 $1,795              $3,039
operating income as a % of revenue           3.6   %                3.9   %             5.9   %
net earnings                              $1,241                 $1,419              $2,454
diluted earnings per share                 $5.68                  $6.29               $9.84
(1)because retailers vary in how they record costs of operating their supply chain between cost of sales and sg&a, our gross profit rate and sg&a rate may not be comparable to other retailers' corresponding rates. for additional information regarding costs classified in cost of sales and sg&a, refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
in fiscal 2024, we generated $43.5 billion in revenue, including approximately $735 million in revenue from the 53rd week. our comparable sales declined 6.8% in fiscal 2024, as we continued to operate in a consumer electronics industry that is challenged by various macroeconomic pressures, including high inflation, increased spending outside the home in areas such as travel and entertainment, the pull-forward of demand in prior years and lower levels of product innovation.‎
revenue, gross profit rate, sg&a and operating income rate changes in fiscal 2024 were primarily driven by our domestic segment. for further discussion of our domestic and international segments, see segment performance summary, below.
income tax expense income tax expense increased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to reduced benefits from the resolution of tax matters and stock-based compensation, partially offset by the impact of decreased pre-tax earnings. our effective tax rate increased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to reduced tax benefits from the resolution of tax matters and stock-based compensation, partially offset by the impact of lower pre-tax earnings.
segment performance summary domestic segment selected financial data for the domestic segment was as follows ($ in millions):
2024                                                               2023                   2022
revenue                                              $40,097                $42,794                $47,830
revenue % change                                       (6.3)   %             (10.5)   %               10.5   %
comparable sales % change(1)                           (7.1)   %             (10.3)   %               11.0   %
gross profit                                          $8,850                 $9,106                $10,702
gross profit as a % of revenue                          22.1   %               21.3   %               22.4   %
sg&amp;a                                              $7,236                 $7,332                 $7,946
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue                              18.0   %               17.1   %               16.6   %
restructuring charges                                   $147                   $140                  $(39)
operating income                                      $1,467                 $1,634                 $2,795
operating income as a % of revenue                       3.7   %                3.8   %                5.8   %
selected online revenue data total online revenue                                 $13,102                $14,212                $16,430
online revenue as a % of total segment revenue          32.7   %               33.2   %               34.4   %
comparable online sales % change(1)                    (7.8)   %             (13.5)   %             (12.0)   %
(1)comparable online sales are included in the comparable sales calculation.
domestic revenue was $40.1 billion in fiscal 2024, including approximately $675 million of revenue from the 53rd week. the decrease in domestic revenue in fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by comparable sales declines in home theater, large appliances, computing and mobile phones, partially offset by comparable sales growth in gaming hardware. online revenue of $13.1 billion decreased 7.8% on a comparable basis in fiscal 2024. these decreases in revenue were primarily due to the factors described within the consolidated results section, above.
domestic segment stores open at the end of each of the last three fiscal years were as follows:
2022                                                 2023                                                  2024
total stores         stores          stores          total stores          stores          stores          total stores
‎at end of        ‎opened         ‎closed            ‎at end of         ‎opened         ‎closed            ‎at end of
‎fiscal year                                         ‎fiscal year                                          ‎fiscal year best buy                               938                 1            (14)                925                  -            (24)                901
outlet centers                          16                 3               -                 19                  5             (2)                 22
pacific sales                           21                 -             (1)                 20                  -               -                 20
yardbird                                 9                 5               -                 14                  9             (1)                 22
total domestic segment stores          984                 9            (15)                978                 14            (27)                965
we continuously monitor store performance as part of a market-driven, omnichannel strategy. as we approach the expiration of leases, we evaluate various options for each location, including whether a store should remain open. in fiscal 2025, we currently expect to close approximately 10 to 15 best buy stores.
domestic segment revenue mix percentages and comparable sales percentage changes by revenue category were as follows:
revenue mix summary                   comparable sales summary
2024                                                 2023                2024                   2023
computing and mobile phones    42   %            43     %        (7.8)   %             (12.0)   %
consumer electronics           30   %            30     %        (8.6)   %             (12.2)   %
appliances                     14   %            15     %       (15.1)   %              (5.7)   %
entertainment                   7   %             6     %          9.7   %              (5.5)   %
services                        6   %             5     %          8.7   %              (2.5)   %
other                           1   %             1     %          6.1   %                1.6   %
total                         100   %           100     %        (7.1)   %             (10.3)   %
notable comparable sales changes by revenue category were as follows:
• computing and mobile phones: the 7.8% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by computing, mobile phones and tablets.
• consumer electronics: the 8.6% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by home theater.
• appliances: the 15.1% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by large appliances.
• entertainment: the 9.7% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by gaming hardware.
• services: the 8.7% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by growth in our membership programs, as well as delivery and installation services.
domestic gross profit rate increased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to improved financial performance from our membership offerings, which included higher services margin rates, and an improved gross profit rate from our best buy health business.
domestic sg&a decreased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to lower store payroll and advertising expense, partially offset by higher incentive compensation expense and the impact of the 53rd week.
domestic restructuring charges incurred in fiscal 2024 were primarily comprised of employee termination benefits related to an enterprise-wide initiative that commenced in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. the restructuring initiative is intended to accomplish the following: (1) align field labor resources with where customers want to shop to optimize the customer experience; (2) redirect corporate resources for better alignment with our strategy; and (3) right-size resources to better align with our revenue outlook in fiscal 2025. refer to note 3, restructuring, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
domestic operating income rate decreased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an unfavorable sg&a rate that was driven by decreased leverage from lower sales volume on our fixed expenses, partially offset by favorability in gross profit rate.
international segment selected financial data for the international segment was as follows ($ in millions):
2024                                                   2023                   2022
revenue                                   $3,355                 $3,504                $3,931
revenue % change                           (4.3)   %             (10.9)   %             (1.0)   %
comparable sales % change                  (3.2)   %              (5.4)   %               3.3   %
gross profit                                $753                   $806                  $938
gross profit as a % of revenue              22.4   %               23.0   %              23.9   %
sg&amp;a                                    $640                   $638                  $689
sg&amp;a as a % of revenue                  19.1   %               18.2   %              17.5   %
restructuring charges                         $6                     $7                    $5
operating income                            $107                   $161                  $244
operating income as a % of revenue           3.2   %                4.6   %               6.2   %
international revenue was $3.4 billion in fiscal 2024, including approximately $60 million of revenue from the 53rd week. the decrease in international revenue in fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by comparable sales declines across most of our product categories and the negative impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates.
international segment stores open at the end of each of the last three fiscal years were as follows:
2022                                                   2023                                                                                             2024
total stores      stores         stores             total stores         stores         stores          total stores
‎at end of      ‎opened        ‎closed              ‎at end of        ‎opened        ‎closed            ‎at end of
‎fiscal year                                        ‎fiscal year                                        ‎fiscal year canada best buy                                127               -              -                  127                 1              -                128
best buy mobile                          33               -              -                   33                 -            (1)                 32
total international segment stores      160               -              -                  160                 1            (1)                160
international segment revenue mix percentages and comparable sales percentage changes by revenue category were as follows:
revenue mix summary                           comparable sales summary
2024                                         2023                2024                     2023
computing and mobile phones        46    %             45    %              (0.9)   %                 (6.1)   %
consumer electronics               29    %             30    %              (9.3)   %                 (6.2)   %
appliances                         10    %             10    %              (4.5)   %                   0.3   %
entertainment                       9    %              8    %               13.2   %                 (8.6)   %
services                            5    %              5    %                1.0   %                 (2.1)   %
other                               1    %              2    %             (33.8)   %                   1.1   %
total                             100    %            100    %              (3.2)   %                 (5.4)   %
notable comparable sales changes by revenue category were as follows:
• computing and mobile phones: the 0.9% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by computing, partially offset by comparable sales growth in mobile phones.
• consumer electronics: the 9.3% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by home theater and health and fitness.
• appliances: the 4.5% comparable sales decline was driven primarily by large appliances.
• entertainment: the 13.2% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by gaming hardware.
• services: the 1.0% comparable sales growth was driven primarily by growth in our membership programs.
international gross profit rate decreased in fiscal 2024, primarily driven by lower product margin rates, partially offset by a higher mix of revenue from the higher-margin services category.
international sg&a increased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher incentive compensation expense and the impact of the 53rd week, partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates.
international restructuring charges incurred in fiscal 2024 were primarily comprised of employee termination benefits related to the enterprise-wide initiative that commenced in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. refer to note 3, restructuring, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
international operating income rate decreased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an unfavorable sg&a rate that was driven by decreased leverage from lower sales volume on our fixed expenses and an unfavorable gross profit rate.
non-gaap financial measures reconciliations of operating income, effective tax rate and diluted eps (gaap financial measures) to non-gaap operating income, non-gaap effective tax rate and non-gaap diluted eps (non-gaap financial measures), respectively, were as follows ($ in millions, except per share amounts):
2024                                                              2023                   2022
operating income                                     $1,574                 $1,795                 $3,039
% of revenue                                            3.6   %                3.9   %                5.9   %
restructuring - inventory markdowns(1)                    -                      -                    (6)
intangible asset amortization(2)                         61                     86                     82
restructuring charges(3)                                153                    147                   (34)
acquisition-related transaction costs(2)                  -                      -                     11
non-gaap operating income                            $1,788                 $2,028                 $3,092
% of revenue                                            4.1   %                4.4   %                6.0   %
effective tax rate                                     23.5   %               20.7   %               19.0   %
intangible asset amortization(2)                        0.1   %                0.1   %                0.1   %
restructuring charges(3)                                0.2   %                0.2   %              (0.1)   %
non-gaap effective tax rate                            23.8   %               21.0   %               19.0   %
diluted eps                                           $5.68                  $6.29                  $9.84
restructuring - inventory markdowns(1)                    -                      -                 (0.02)
intangible asset amortization(2)                       0.28                   0.38                   0.33
restructuring charges(3)                               0.70                   0.65                 (0.14)
gain on sale of subsidiary, net(4)                   (0.10)                      -                      -
loss on investments                                    0.05                      -                      -
acquisition-related transaction costs(2)                  -                      -                   0.04
income tax impact of non-gaap adjustments(5)         (0.24)                 (0.24)                 (0.04)
non-gaap diluted eps                                  $6.37                  $7.08                 $10.01
for additional information regarding the nature of charges discussed below, refer to note 2, acquisitions; note 3, restructuring; note 4, goodwill and intangible assets; and note 11, income taxes, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
(1)represents inventory markdowns and subsequent adjustments recorded within cost of sales associated with the exit from operations in mexico.
(2)represents charges associated with acquisitions, including: (1) the non-cash amortization of definite-lived intangible assets, including customer relationships, tradenames and developed technology; and (2) acquisition-related transaction and due diligence costs, primarily comprised of professional fees.
(3)represents restructuring charges primarily related to the fiscal 2024 restructuring initiative, the fiscal 2023 resource optimization initiative and the mexico exit and strategic realignment.
(4)represents the gain on sale of a mexico subsidiary subsequent to our exit from operations in mexico.
(5)the non-gaap adjustments primarily relate to the u.s. as such, the income tax charge on the u.s. non-gaap adjustments is calculated using the u.s. statutory tax rate of 24.5%.
non-gaap operating income rate decreased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to unfavorable sg&a rates in our domestic and international segments, partially offset by a favorable gross profit rate in our domestic segment.
non-gaap effective tax rate increased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to reduced tax benefits from the resolution of tax matters and stock-based compensation, partially offset by the impact of lower pre-tax earnings.
non-gaap diluted eps decreased in fiscal 2024, primarily driven by the decrease in non-gaap operating income, partially offset by lower diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding.
liquidity and capital resources we closely manage our liquidity and capital resources. our liquidity requirements depend on key variables, including the level of investment required to support our business strategies, the performance of our business, capital expenditures, dividends, credit facilities, short-term borrowing arrangements and working capital management. we modify our approach to managing these variables as changes in our operating environment arise. for example, capital expenditures and share repurchases are a component of our cash flow and capital management strategy, which, to a large extent, we can adjust in response to economic and other changes in our business environment.
cash and cash equivalents were as follows ($ in millions):
february 3, 2024        january 28, 2023
cash and cash equivalents   $1,447                  $1,874
the decrease in cash and cash equivalents in fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by dividend payments, capital expenditures and share repurchases. these decreases were partially offset by positive cash flows from operations, primarily driven by earnings.
our cash deposits held at financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit. we limit exposure relating to financial instruments by diversifying the financial instruments among various counterparties, which consist primarily of major financial institutions.
cash flows cash flows were as follows ($ in millions):
2024                                                                         2023                    2022
total cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                            $1,470                  $1,824                   $3,252
investing activities                                             (781)                   (962)                  (1,372)
financing activities                                           (1,144)                 (1,806)                  (4,297)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                            (5)                     (8)                      (3)
decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash          $(460)                  $(952)                 $(2,420)
operating activities the decrease in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to the timing and volume of inventory purchases and payments, higher income tax payments and lower earnings. this was partially offset by lower incentive compensation payments in the current year as a result of less favorable fiscal 2023 results, and higher vendor funding collections.
investing activities cash used in investing activities decreased in fiscal 2024, primarily driven by lower capital spending.
financing activities the decrease in cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by lower share repurchases.
sources of liquidity funds generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, our credit facilities, other debt arrangements and trade payables are our most significant sources of liquidity. we believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund operations and anticipated capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and strategic initiatives, including business combinations. however, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to limit our spending. there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our existing credit facilities or obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms.
on april 12, 2023, we entered into a $1.25 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the "five-year facility agreement") with a syndicate of banks. the five-year facility agreement replaced the previous $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "previous facility") with a syndicate of banks, which was entered into in may 2021 and scheduled to expire in may 2026, but was terminated on april 12, 2023. the five-year facility agreement permits borrowings of up to $1.25 billion and expires in april 2028. there were no borrowings outstanding under the five-year facility agreement as of february 3, 2024, or the previous facility as of january 28, 2023.
our ability to continue to access the five-year facility agreement is subject to our compliance with its terms and conditions, including financial covenants. the financial covenants require us to maintain certain financial ratios. as of february 3, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants. if an event of default were to occur with respect to any of our other debt, it would likely constitute an event of default under the five-year facility agreement as well.
our credit ratings and outlook as of march 13, 2024, remained unchanged from those disclosed in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 28, 2023, and are summarized below.
rating agency           rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's   bbb+     stable moody's                 a3       stable credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically, and, therefore, the credit rating assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. factors that can affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the economic environment, conditions in the retail and consumer electronics industries, our financial position and changes in our business strategy. if changes in our credit ratings were to occur, they could impact, among other things, interest costs for certain of our credit facilities, our future borrowing costs, access to capital markets, vendor financing terms and future new-store leasing costs.
restricted cash our liquidity is also affected by restricted cash balances that are primarily restricted to cover product protection plans provided under our membership offerings and other self-insurance liabilities. restricted cash, which is included in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets, remained relatively stable in fiscal 2024, with balances of $346 million and $379 million as of february 3, 2024, and january 28, 2023, respectively.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were as follows ($ in millions):
2024                                                  2023              2022
e-commerce and information technology      $496              $540              $549
store-related projects(1)                   278               355               178
supply chain                                 21                35                10
total capital expenditures                 $795              $930              $737
(1)store-related projects are primarily comprised of store remodels and various merchandising projects.
we currently expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2025 of $750 million to $800 million.
debt and capital as of february 3, 2024, we had $500 million of principal amount of notes due october 1, 2028 ("2028 notes") and $650 million of principal amount of notes due october 1, 2030 ("2030 notes"). refer to note 8, debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our outstanding debt.
share repurchases and dividends we repurchase our common stock and pay dividends pursuant to programs approved by our board. the payment of cash dividends is also subject to customary legal and contractual restrictions. our long-term capital allocation strategy is to first fund operations and investments in growth and then return excess cash over time to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. our share repurchase plans are evaluated on an ongoing basis, considering factors such as our financial condition and cash flows, our economic outlook, the impact of tax laws, our liquidity needs and the health and stability of global credit markets. the timing and amount of future repurchases may vary depending on such factors.
on february 28, 2022, our board approved a $5.0 billion share repurchase program, which replaced the $5.0 billion share repurchase program authorized on february 16, 2021. there is no expiration date governing the period over which we can repurchase shares under this authorization.
share repurchase and dividend activity were as follows ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts):
2024                                                         2023                2022
total cost of shares repurchased                  $340              $1,001              $3,504
average price per share                         $72.52              $84.78             $108.97
total number of shares repurchased                 4.7                11.8                32.2
regular quarterly cash dividends per share       $3.68               $3.52               $2.80
cash dividends declared and paid                  $801                $789                $688
the total cost of shares repurchased decreased in fiscal 2024 from decreases in the volume of repurchases and the average price per share. we currently expect to spend approximately $350 million on share repurchases in fiscal 2025.
cash dividends declared and paid increased in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend per share, partially offset by fewer shares outstanding. on february 29, 2024, we announced the board's approval of a 2% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend to $0.94 per share.
other financial measures our current ratio, calculated as current assets divided by current liabilities, remained unchanged at 1.0 as of february 3, 2024, and january 28, 2023.
our debt to earnings ratio, calculated as total debt (including current portion) divided by net earnings over the trailing twelve months increased to 0.9 as of february 3, 2024, compared to 0.8 at january 28, 2023, primarily due to lower net earnings.
off-balance-sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we do not have outstanding off-balance-sheet arrangements. contractual obligations as of february 3, 2024, were as follows ($ in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations                       total         less than               1-3 years             3-5 years             more than
‎1 year                                                            ‎5 years purchase obligations(1)                  $3,181          $2,643                    $337                  $199                    $2
operating lease obligations(2)(3)         3,122             708                   1,234                   720                   460
long-term debt obligations(4)             1,150               -                       -                   500                   650
interest payments(5)                        218              46                      81                    70                    21
finance lease obligations(2)                 39              16                      16                     4                     3
total                                    $7,710          $3,413                  $1,668                $1,493                $1,136
for additional information regarding the nature of contractual obligations discussed below, refer to note 6, derivative instruments; note 7, leases; note 8, debt; and note 13, contingencies and commitments, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
(1)purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations do not include agreements that are cancelable without penalty. additionally, although they do not contain legally binding purchase commitments, we included open purchase orders in the table above. substantially all open purchase orders are fulfilled within 30 days.
(2)lease obligations exclude $118 million of legally binding fixed costs for leases signed but not yet commenced.
(3)operating lease obligations exclude payments to landlords covering real estate taxes and common area maintenance. these charges, if included, would increase total operating lease obligations by $0.7 billion as of february 3, 2024.
(4)long-term debt obligations represent principal amounts only and exclude interest rate swap valuation adjustments.
(5)interest payments related to our 2028 notes and 2030 notes include the variable interest rate payments included in our interest rate swaps.
additionally, we have $1.25 billion in undrawn capacity on our five-year facility agreement as of february 3, 2024, which, if drawn upon, would be included in either short-term or long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our financial statements requires us to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. we base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors believed to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.
our significant accounting policies are discussed in note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k. we have not made any material changes to our accounting policies or methodologies during the past three fiscal years. we believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. these estimates require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments and generally incorporate significant uncertainty.
vendor allowances description we receive funds from our merchandise vendors through a variety of programs and arrangements, primarily in the form of purchases-based or sales-based volumes and for product advertising and placement. we recognize allowances based on purchases and sales as a reduction of cost of sales when the associated inventory is sold. allowances for advertising and placement are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales ratably over the corresponding performance period. funds that are determined to be a reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to sell a vendor's products are recorded as an offset to the related expense within sg&a when incurred.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate due to the quantity and diverse nature of our vendor agreements, estimates are made to determine the amount of funding to be recognized in earnings or deferred as an offset to inventory. these estimates require a detailed analysis of complex factors, including proper classification of the type of funding received and the methodology to estimate the portion of purchases-based funding that should be recognized in cost of sales in each period, which considers factors such as inventory turn by product category and actual sell-through of inventory.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions a 10% change in our vendor funding deferral as of february 3, 2024, would have affected net earnings by approximately $44 million in fiscal 2024. the level of vendor funding deferral has remained relatively stable over the last three fiscal years.
goodwill description goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. the impairment test involves a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. fair value reflects our estimate of the price a potential market participant would be willing to pay for the reporting unit in an arms-length transaction.
we have goodwill in two reporting units - best buy domestic (comprising our core u.s. best buy business) and best buy health - with carrying values of $492 million and $891 million, respectively, as of february 3, 2024.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires complex analysis and judgment. we use a combination of discounted cash flow ("dcf") models and market data, such as revenue multiples and quoted market prices, for observable comparable companies. dcf models require detailed forecasts of cash flow drivers, such as revenue growth rates, margin rates and capital investments and estimates of weighted-average cost of capital rates. these estimates incorporate many uncertain factors, such as the effectiveness of our strategy, changes in customer behavior, technological changes, competitor actions, regulatory changes and macroeconomic trends.
effects if actual results differ from assumptions for our best buy domestic reporting unit, fair value exceeded book value by a substantial margin in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. barring a fundamental, material deterioration of macroeconomic factors, we believe the risk of future goodwill impairment within our best buy domestic reporting unit is remote.
our best buy health reporting unit is subject to a greater level of uncertainty, since it operates in a less mature, rapidly-changing and high-growth environment. for fiscal 2024, the fair value of the best buy health reporting unit exceeded its book value by approximately 30%, compared to approximately 40% in fiscal 2023. the primary reason for the decrease in this excess was lower revenue projections. further declines in the excess of fair value over book value could arise in future years, which could lead to an impairment of goodwill. factors that drive this uncertainty include macro-economic conditions, the regulatory environment, competitor actions, technology changes and trends in the health and care sectors.
inventory markdown description we value our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value through the establishment of inventory markdown adjustments. markdown adjustments reflect the excess of cost over the net recovery we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or other disposal of inventory and establish a new cost basis. no adjustment is recorded for inventory that we expect to return to our vendors for full credit.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate markdown adjustments involve uncertainty because the calculations require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment about the expected revenue and incremental costs we will generate for selling current inventory. such estimates include the evaluation of historical recovery rates, as well as factors such as product type and condition, forecasted consumer demand, product lifecycles, promotional environment, vendor return rights and the expected sales channel of ultimate disposition. we also apply judgment in the assumptions about other components of net realizable value, such as vendor allowances and selling costs.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions a 10% change in our markdown adjustment as of february 3, 2024, would have affected net earnings by approximately $11 million in fiscal 2024. the level of markdown adjustments has remained relatively stable over the last three fiscal years.
tax contingencies description our income tax returns are routinely examined by domestic and foreign tax authorities. taxing authorities audit our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of income and deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. at any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by the various taxing authorities. in evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we may record a liability for such exposures. a number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a liability, is audited and fully resolved or clarified. we adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits and income tax provisions in the period in which an uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available. our effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in tax law, the tax jurisdiction of new stores or business ventures, the level of earnings and the results of tax audits.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate our liability for unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions. such assumptions can include complex and uncertain external factors, such as changes in tax law, interpretations of tax law and the timing of such changes, and uncertain internal factors such as taxable earnings by jurisdiction, the magnitude and timing of certain transactions and capital spending.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may reduce our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. see note 11, income taxes, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
service revenue description we sell membership plans that include access to benefits such as technical support, price discounts on certain products and services and product protection plans. we allocate the transaction price to all performance obligations identified in the contract based on their relative fair value. for performance obligations provided over the term of the contract, we typically recognize revenue on a usage basis, an input method of measuring progress over the related contract term. this method involves the estimation of expected usage patterns, primarily derived from historical information.
judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate estimates involve complex calculations and judgment, for example, in estimating the relative standalone selling price for bundled performance obligations; the appropriate recognition methodology for each performance obligation; and, for those based on usage, the expected pattern of consumption across a large portfolio of customers. when insufficient reliable and relevant history is available to estimate usage, we generally recognize revenue ratably over the life of the contract until such history has accumulated.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions a 10% change in the amount of services membership deferred revenue as of february 3, 2024, would have affected net earnings by approximately $44 million in fiscal 2024. the amount of services membership deferred revenue has increased over the last three fiscal years, primarily driven by the national launch of our best buy total membership offering, which resulted in higher membership sales and the initial deferral of more revenue than under the previous offerings.
new accounting pronouncements for a description of applicable new accounting pronouncements, including our assessment of the impact on our financial statements, see note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
