item 1a.    risk factors risk factors our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our financial condition and business operations. see "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements."
risks relating to our business and industries adverse weather conditions, including as a result of climate change, may adversely affect the availability, quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products, as well as our operations, supply chains, and operating results.
adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business, reduce demand for our fertilizer products, and negatively affect the creditworthiness of agricultural producers who do business with us.
severe adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes and severe storms, may also result in extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries, and other loss and damage to us. our operations also rely on dependable and efficient transportation services, including transportation by ocean vessel, river barges, rail, and truck. a disruption in transportation services as a result of weather conditions, such as low river levels following periods of drought, may also have a significant adverse impact on our operations and related supply chains.
additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. these potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, shifts in agricultural production areas, changing temperature levels, increased frequency or severity of extreme weather events, and climatic volatility. the frequency and severity of the effects of climate change or weather patterns could increase and adversely impact our business operations, the location, costs and competitiveness of global agricultural commodity production and related storage and processing facilities, as well as the supply and demand for agricultural commodities, and may result in incidents of stranded physical assets. these effects could be material to our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
the ongoing war between russia and ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we maintain operations in ukraine. ukraine forms part of a key international grain originating region and is also the world's largest supplier of sunflower seed and sunflower oil, commodities that cannot be completely replaced from other origins. on february 24, 2022, russia initiated a military offensive in ukraine. bunge's ukrainian operations comprise two oilseed crushing facilities, located in mykolaiv and dnipropetrovsk, a grain export terminal in the mykolaiv commercial seaport, numerous grain elevators, and an office in kiev. the company also operates a corn milling facility in ukraine via a joint venture. assets and operations located in regions affected by the war are at a heightened risk of property damage, inventory loss, business disruption, and expropriation. on july 17, 2023, an agreement allowing the safe export of grain from three ukrainian ports (pivdennyi/yuzhnvi, odesa, and chornomorsk; the "poc corridor") on the black sea expired. following the termination of the poc corridor agreement, russian attacks on key ukrainian export infrastructure locations intensified. as of the date of this annual report, the termination of the poc corridor agreement and recent russian attacks on key export infrastructure have not significantly impacted bunge's results of operations in ukraine as alternative routes to export product are being effectively utilized, however, in the event bunge is unable to utilize alternative routes effectively, bunge's results of operations in ukraine may be adversely affected. further, no material damage has been noted at any of bunge's ukrainian facilities, however, due to safety concerns, it is not always possible to conduct onsite physical inspections of our ukrainian facilities to understand the full extent of the impact of the war. as of december 31, 2023, total assets and total liabilities associated with bunge's ukrainian subsidiaries each comprise less than 3% of our consolidated total assets and total liabilities, respectively.
our ukrainian operations employ approximately 1,000 employees. while as of the date of this annual report some of our ukrainian employees have been forced to relocate to other areas within ukraine or to other countries, our workforce remains largely intact. the ongoing war could cause harm to our employees and otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. disruption to the power grid, transportation routes, telecommunications systems, banks, and other critical infrastructure necessary to conduct business in ukraine could also severely impair our ukrainian operations. the scope, intensity, duration and outcome of the ongoing war is uncertain, and the continuation or escalation of the war may have a material adverse effect on bunge's assets, operations and financial condition.
in response to the war, the united states, other nato member states, as well as non-nato member states, have announced targeted economic sanctions on russia and belarus, certain russian and belarusian citizens, and russian and belarusian enterprises. any escalation of the war may trigger additional economic and other sanctions. on september 16, 2022, bunge signed an agreement to sell its remaining russian operations, primarily comprising an oilseed crushing and refining facility in voronezh, southwest russia, to karen vanetsyan. on february 3, 2023, the transaction closed in accordance with the terms of the agreement and the sale was completed. as of the completion of the sale, bunge no longer maintains operations in russia.
in addition, the risk of cybersecurity incidents has increased in connection with the ongoing war, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in conjunction with the war, or in response to certain companies' continued operations in russia. see "- our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business."
although we insure ourselves against many types of risks, including certain risks associated with the ongoing war, our level of insurance may not cover all losses we could incur. there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition if we are not able to adequately insure against the possible exposure we could experience as a result of the war. to the extent the current war adversely affects our business, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in this item 1a, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. due to the continuously evolving nature of the war, the potential impact that the war could have on these risk factors, and others that cannot yet be identified, remains uncertain. even if the war moderates, or a resolution between ukraine and russia is reached, we expect that we will continue to experience ongoing financial and operational impacts resulting from the war for the foreseeable future as ukraine rebuilds its economy and infrastructure.
we are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices, energy prices, and other factors outside of our control that could adversely affect our operating results.
prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products, including, among others, soybeans, corn, wheat, sugar and ethanol, like those of other commodities, are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control, including farmer planting and selling decisions, currency fluctuations, inflation, government agriculture programs and policies, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), governmental restrictions or mandates, global inventory levels, demand for biofuels, weather and crop conditions, and demand for and supply of competing commodities and substitutes. these factors may cause volatility in our operating results.
additionally, our operating costs and the selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and coal, and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. significant increases in the cost of these items, including as a result of the ukraine-russia war, and currency fluctuations could adversely affect our operating costs and results. we also sell certain biofuel products, such as ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. as a result, the selling prices of ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. in turn, the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell, such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels, are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels, and consequently world petroleum prices. prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market and geopolitical factors and government fuel policies, over which we have no control. lower prices for oil, gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol, renewable diesel, biodiesel and their raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
our business is seasonal, and our results may fluctuate depending on the harvest cycle of the crops upon which we rely and seasonal fluctuations related to the sale of our consumer products.
as with any agricultural business enterprise, our business operations are seasonal in nature. for example, in our agribusiness segment, while there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as oilseeds and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres. however, the first quarter of the year has generally been our weakest in terms of financial results due to the timing of the north and south american oilseed harvests, as the north american oilseed harvest peaks in the third and fourth quarters, while the south american harvest peaks in the second quarter. this creates price fluctuations, which result in fluctuations in our inventories and a degree of seasonality in our gross profit. in addition, certain of our consumer food products are influenced by holidays and other annual events. seasonality could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. in addition, our quarterly results may vary as a result of the effects of fluctuations in commodities prices, production yields and costs.
we face intense competition in each of our businesses.
we face significant competition in each of our businesses and we have numerous competitors, some of which are larger, more diversified and have greater financial resources than we have. additionally, in recent years we have experienced regional agribusiness competitors entering new geographies where previously they did not compete with us, and certain customers seeking to procure certain commodities directly rather than through historical suppliers such as us. furthermore, in conjunction with the recent increase in demand for renewable biodiesel feedstocks, we have experienced added competition for refining capacity from traditional petroleum companies. as many of the products we sell are global commodities, the markets for our products are highly price competitive, and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. additionally, the geographic location of assets can competitively advantage or disadvantage us with respect to our competitors in certain regions. we also face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices, such as increased on-farm crop storage in several regions, which allows producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. to compete effectively, we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations, including through business optimization initiatives, developing and offering products that meet customer needs, optimizing our geographic presence in key markets, developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships, supporting socially responsible and sustainable corporate and business practices, and promoting our environmental stewardship. we also compete for talent in our industries, particularly commercial personnel. competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees, exit certain lines of business, increase marketing or other expenditures, increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.
we are vulnerable to the effects of supply and demand imbalances in our industries.
historically, the market for some agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical, with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. the timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market, which, until the supply/demand balance is again restored, negatively impacts product prices and operating results. during times of reduced market demand, we may suspend or reduce production at some of our facilities. the extent to which we efficiently manage available capacity at our facilities will affect our profitability, including the profitability of our bunge chevron ag renewables joint venture ("bunge chevron jv"). the business and financial performance of the bunge chevron jv may be adversely affected if there is a significant decrease in demand for renewable diesel. we also expect the results from our equity investment in the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture to be impacted by any potential shortage of, or increasing costs for, sugarcane which is the principal raw material used in the production of ethanol and sugar.
we are subject to global and regional economic downturns and related risks.
the level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. a significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions, may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities and food products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. further, deteriorating economic and political conditions in our major markets, such as inflation, increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, uncertainty about economic stability, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could cause a decrease in demand for our products.
additionally, weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets, including rising interest rates and constraints on the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the financial condition and creditworthiness of the financial institutions that serve as our lenders and as counterparties to the over-the-counter derivative instruments we use to manage risks and some of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties, which in turn may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. over the course of the last year, concerns have arisen with respect to the financial condition of a number of regional banking organizations in the united states and global financial institutions. although our exposure has been de minimis to these financial institutions, we continue to monitor our counterparty exposure across all of the financial services companies with which we conduct business. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
in 2023, certain of our raw material input costs increased materially and at a rapid rate. we expect the pressures of input cost inflation to continue into 2024. further the united states has reported and is continuing to report weaker gdp growth, with some economists forecasting a continuation of these conditions in 2024. brazil is experiencing a slowing gdp growth rate coupled with relatively high interest rates, which may result in an uncertain economic and political environment that could in turn lead to reduced demand for our refined and specialty oils and milling products in the country. argentina has experienced hyperinflation, high fiscal deficit and negative gdp growth in recent quarters, and faces additional uncertainty in connection with the newly-elected president's anticipated economic and monetary policies. additionally, a slowdown in china's economy over a prolonged period, including as a result of population decline, real estate crisis and other factors, could lead to reduced global demand for agricultural commodities. to the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes, our business and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected.
we are subject to economic, political, and other risks of doing business globally and in emerging markets.
we are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the united states. in addition, our business strategies may involve expanding or developing our business in emerging market regions, including eastern europe, asia-pacific, the middle east, and africa. due to the international nature of our business, we are exposed to various risks of international operations, including:
•adverse trade policies or trade barriers on agricultural commodities and commodity products;
•new and developing requirements related to ghg emissions and other climate change initiatives and workforce diversity and inclusion mandates;
•inflation, hyperinflation, and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation, such as the imposition of wage and price controls and higher interest rates. for example, inflation rates in many countries in which we operate are currently at the highest levels in decades, resulting in tighter monetary policies, including higher interest rates;
•changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries in which we operate, including the effects of complying with swiss tax law on us and our shareholders;
•difficulties in enforcing agreements or judgments and collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions;
•exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds, such as on the remittance of dividends by subsidiaries, most notably in ukraine, egypt, and argentina;
•inadequate infrastructure and logistics challenges;
•sovereign risk and the risk of government intervention, including through expropriation, or regulation of the economy or natural resources, including restrictions on foreign ownership of land or other assets;
•the requirement to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including, without limitation, economic sanctions regulations, labor laws, import and export regulations, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, as well as other laws or regulations discussed in this "item 1a. risk factors" section;
•challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of u.s. gaap expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems;
•changes in a country's or region's economic or political condition; and
•labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, coup attempts, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism. see "-the ongoing war between russia and ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations."
these risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies, and operating results.
as a result of our international operations, we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other foreign currencies, particularly the brazilian real, canadian dollar, the euro, and chinese yuan/renminbi affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the united states.
additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding u.s. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. in recent years, there has been an increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and consequently historical free trade principles are being challenged. as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes.
government policies and regulations affecting the agricultural sector and related industries could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes (including "windfall profits" taxes), tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions, price controls on agricultural commodities, and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. additionally, regulation of financial markets and instruments in the united states and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. further, increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. future governmental policies, regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets, or engage in risk management activities and otherwise cause our financial results to suffer.
finally, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions, particularly disputes involving the united states and china. this has in the past led, and can in the future lead, to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the united states and south america, which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. we cannot predict the impacts that future trade policy or the terms of any negotiated trade agreements could have on our business and operations.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures.
we have been an active acquirer of other companies, including our pending acquisition of viterra. we also have joint ventures with several partners, including the bp bunge bioenergia joint venture related to our sugar and ethanol business in brazil and the bunge chevron jv for manufacturing low lifecycle carbon intensity transportation fuels. part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses. our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms, and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. in addition, we proactively review our portfolio of businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of such reviews or otherwise, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures. our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture.
our acquisition, joint venture, or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. if we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions.
acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. the due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies, and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. a material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities, compliance and reputational risks and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. see the risk factors under the sections entitled "risks relating to the acquisition" and "risks relating to the combined company" under this item 1a for additional discussions on our pending acquisition of viterra.
divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including legal, environmental, or litigation matters associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. for example, in connection with the sale of our russian operations in 2023, we were required to indemnify the buyer against certain existing legal claims related to the business. the magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology systems and other management processes, including the loss of key personnel. further, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize.
additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments in which we have limited control over governance, financial reporting, and operations. as a result, we face certain operating, financial, and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners, and the risk that we will be unable to effectively work with or resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. as a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows.
we are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results.
we are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims, and recalls. we are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences, and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. also, increasing focus on climate change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns, and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers, governmental intervention and consumer responses. these risks could adversely affect our, or our suppliers', reputations and businesses and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business.
as a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. the failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and a loss of market share to competitors. our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars, and grains consumed, as well as concerns regarding genetically modified crops. failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally, which could adversely affect our operating results.
due to our global business operations, we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. these include general business regulations, such as with respect to taxes, accounting, anti-corruption and fair competition, trade sanctions, product safety, and environmental matters, as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, handling, storage, transport, marketing and sale of our products. these include laws and regulations relating to facility licensing and permitting, food and feed safety, the handling and production of regulated substances, nutritional and labeling requirements, global trade compliance and other matters. our operations and those of our suppliers are also subject to restrictions on land use in certain protected areas, forestry reserve requirements, and limitations on water use. in addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. we may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. we may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including u.s. regulations issued by customs and border protection, the bureau of industry and security, the office of antiboycott compliance, the directorate of defense trade controls and office of foreign assets control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products, or to provide services outside the united states. furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the united states and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
in addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries in which we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. for example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. a number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce ghg emissions, including, but not limited to, the united states, canada, mexico, the european union and its member states, and china. for example, the biden administration has issued a series of executive orders and regulatory initiatives focused on climate change, including rejoining the paris climate agreement, pursuant to which the administration has announced a goal of halving u.s. ghg emissions by 2030. in addition, the eudr, which is scheduled to become effective in december 2024, will require companies trading in certain commodities, including oil palm and soy, as well as products derived from these commodities, to ensure these commodities and related products do not result from deforestation, forest degradation, or breaches of local laws after december 31, 2020 in order to sell such products in the european union. the imposition of regulatory restrictions related to ghg emissions and conservation in many markets in which we operate, which may include limitations on ghg emissions, national emission reduction plans, requirements to make additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on ghg emissions, and other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, and results of operations. we are also subject to a number of esg disclosure frameworks, such as the csrd in the european union, the swiss non-financial reporting requirements and child labor due diligence and transparency, and the california climate accountability package, and as regulators increasingly focus on climate change and other sustainability matters, we may become subject to new, more stringent esg disclosure frameworks, such as the sec's proposed climate disclosure rules. see "item 1. business-government regulations."
we are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customer and supplier counterparties in the ordinary course of business. in particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them.
we have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. in the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
in brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, we had approximately $825 million and $651 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts, and advances to farmers. we are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. in addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss.
we are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business.
we require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. we are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade, and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to make significant investments into our business. although we are selective with the capital expenditures and other investments we make, we may not realize the benefits of such capital expenditures and investments in the expected time frame, if at all.
furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require access to significant amounts of capital. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations. at december 31, 2023, bunge had $5,665 million unused and available committed borrowing capacity comprising committed revolving credit facilities with a number of financial institutions. at december 31, 2023, our total debt balance is $4,882 million. our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are, and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. this may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets, including increases in interest rates and diminished liquidity and credit availability, generally could increase the cost to finance our operations, adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing, or adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business, which may reduce our ability to obtain financing for our operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources."
access to credit markets and pricing of company debt is also dependent on maintaining appropriate credit ratings, and one of our financial objectives has been to maintain an investment grade credit rating. while our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt, reductions in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on favorable terms, as well as impair our ability to compete effectively relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
our risk management strategies may not be effective.
our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. we engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. however, our exposures may not always be fully hedged, and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. in addition, our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. while we have implemented a broad range of risk monitoring and control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses, they may not in all cases be successful in anticipating a significant risk exposure and protecting us from losses that have the potential to impair our financial position. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk".
the loss of, or a disruption in, our manufacturing and distribution operations or other operations and systems could adversely affect our business.
we are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale, and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor, on a daily basis, a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. as a result, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, explosions, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, disruptions in logistics or information systems, as well as natural disasters, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), wars (including the ukraine-russia war and conflicts in the middle east), acts of terrorism, and other external factors over which we have no control.
while we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards, our level of insurance may not cover all losses. the potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
we rely on certain key information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance, and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. if we or our third-party service providers do not respond or perform effectively in connection with a cybersecurity breach or system failure, our business may be impacted.
increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cybersecurity attacks pose a potentially significant risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and the confidential data of our employees, customers, suppliers and other third parties that we may hold. such vulnerabilities include, among other things, social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats and zero-day vulnerability exploits. we may incur significant costs in protecting against potential security breaches, cyber-based attacks, or other cybersecurity incidents. we and our third-party service providers are targeted by malicious actors and expect such incidents to continue and the frequency and severity of such attacks to increase. while we have implemented cybersecurity and data protection measures, our efforts to minimize the risks and impacts of cyberattacks and protect our information technology systems may be insufficient and we may experience significant breaches or other failures or disruptions that could compromise our systems and the information we store and, ultimately, affect our business operations and results of operations. additionally, hybrid or remote work arrangements among our employees and employees of our third-party providers present additional operational risks to our information technology systems, including, but not limited to, increased risks of cyberattacks and security breaches. we are also exposed to the risk of insider threat attacks. new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyberattacks.
in addition, the risk of cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks against the ukrainian government and other countries in the region, has increased in connection with the ongoing ukraine-russia war, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in conjunction with the war, or in response to certain companies' continued operations in russia. it is possible that these attacks could have collateral effects on additional critical infrastructure and financial institutions globally. while we no longer have operations in russia, we do have operations in the region that, along with our operations globally, could be adversely affected by these attacks, including cyber-based attacks against our information technology systems, or be at risk to collateral effects of such attacks. while we have taken actions to mitigate such potential risks, the proliferation of malware from the war into systems unrelated to the war, or cyberattacks against u.s. companies in retaliation for u.s. sanctions against russia, or u.s. support of ukraine, could also adversely affect our operations.
we have implemented security policies, training programs, measures and disaster recovery plans designed to prevent, detect and mitigate cyber-based attacks, and to protect the security and continuity of our networks and critical systems. we use encryption and authentication technologies designed to secure the transmission and storage of data and prevent access to company and user data or accounts. in addition, we also conduct tests and assessments using independent third parties on a regular basis. these measures may not adequately prevent adverse events such as breaches or failures from occurring, or mitigate their severity if they do occur.
if our information technology systems are breached, damaged or fail to function properly due to any number of causes, such as security breaches or cyber-based attacks, systems implementation difficulties, catastrophic events or power outages, and our security, contingency disaster recovery, or other risk mitigation plans do not effectively mitigate these occurrences on a timely basis, we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations and produce financial reports, as well as significant costs and lost business opportunities until they are remediated. further, our sensitive information may be compromised and we may suffer representational harm. while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cybersecurity risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise, and we cannot be certain that insurance coverage will continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.
we are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data protection, and data security, including laws related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal information. data privacy regulations continue to evolve, and non-compliance with such regulations, including as a result of adoption of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, could subject the company to legal claims or proceedings, potential regulatory fines and penalties and damage to our reputation. these factors may adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our competitive position.
changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income taxes in various jurisdictions throughout the world. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes, along with interest and penalties. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits and assessments in order to assess the appropriateness of our tax assets and liabilities. however, the calculation of such liabilities involves significant judgment in the interpretation of complex tax regulations in many jurisdictions. therefore, any dispute with a taxing authority may result in a payment or outcome that is significantly different from current estimates. there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and financial condition in the periods in which they are recognized.
additionally, changes in tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate and the monetization of recoverable tax assets (indirect tax credits). for example, the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") initiative, which is supported by governments of certain major countries and jurisdictions, seeks to, among other things, ensure large multinational companies, like bunge, pay a minimum level of tax on the income arising in each of the jurisdictions where they operate, could adversely impact our effective tax rate. we do not expect the impact of beps to have a material impact on our effective tax rate in 2024. furthermore, the ongoing efforts in corporate tax transparency by the oecd and a number of countries has resulted in additional mandatory disclosures, which will likely cause additional scrutiny of the company's tax positions and potentially increased tax assessments. additionally, increased grain and food prices globally have resulted in some jurisdictions as well as activists and social groups calling for a "windfall profits" tax on agricultural grain traders and producers. so far, only one jurisdiction has implemented such tax on food distributors, which is set to expire after 2024. while such tax has not had a material impact on bunge, the imposition of, or increase in, windfall profit taxes in the markets we operate in could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and profitability.
our operations are dependent on a wide array of third parties.
the success of our supply chain relies on the continued performance of a wide array of third parties. suppliers, vendors, co-manufacturers, third-party outsourcers, warehousing partners, and transportation providers are among our critical business partners. although we take steps to qualify and audit third parties with whom we do business, we cannot guarantee that all third parties will perform dependably or at all. it is possible that events beyond our control, such as financial issues, operational failures, labor issues, cybersecurity events, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic) or other public health issues, or other systemic issues could impact our unaffiliated third parties. if our third parties fail to deliver on their commitments, introduce unplanned risk to our operations, such as exposing us to cybersecurity-related compromises, or are unable to fulfill their obligations, we could experience manufacturing challenges, shipment delays, increased costs, or lost revenue.
our operations have been and may in the future be adversely impacted as a result of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics.
public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. any outbreaks of new public health crises, pandemics and epidemics and the related government responses may adversely affect our operations, facilities, health of our employees and consumers, as well as general commercial activity related to our supply chain and customer base. the extent to which we may be impacted by future outbreaks of public health crises, pandemics and epidemics is difficult to predict and will depend on many factors outside of our control. these factors include the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of any pandemic, the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy. to the extent any public health crisis, pandemic or epidemic adversely affects our business, results of operations, financial condition and share price, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this item 1a.
we are dependent on our executive management and other key personnel.
our success depends on our executive management team and other key personnel with skills upon which our business depends, and our ability to effectively identify, attract, retain, and motivate high quality employees, and replace those who retire or resign. we believe that we have an experienced and highly qualified executive management team, and the loss of service of any one or more of these key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations and our future profitability. failure to retain and motivate our executive management team and to hire, retain, and develop other important personnel, which may be particularly challenging given the current dynamics in certain labor markets in which we operate, could generally impact other levels of our management and operations, as well as our ability to execute our strategies and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. furthermore, swiss law prohibits us from paying certain severance payments to our executive management, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions.
risks relating to the registered shares the rights of our shareholders are governed by swiss law, and it may be difficult to enforce judgments against us and our directors and officers.
the rights of our shareholders are governed by swiss law and our articles of association (the "articles of association"). the rights of shareholders under swiss law differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions, including the united states and bermuda, our domicile prior to the redomestication. swiss law reserves for approval by shareholders certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority in some other jurisdictions. any such actions for which our shareholders must vote will require that we file a proxy statement with the sec and convene a meeting of shareholders, which would delay the timing to execute such actions. see exhibit 4.2 for an overview of certain material terms and provisions of the company's registered shares and "comparison of rights of shareholders" in our definitive proxy statement filed with the sec on august 7, 2023 (the "definitive proxy statement"), for a comparison of the rights of our shareholders under bermuda law prior to the redomestication to the current rights of our shareholders under swiss law.
several of our directors and officers are non-residents of the united states, and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those directors and officers are located outside the united states. as a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process on those persons in the united states or to enforce in the united states judgments obtained in u.s. courts against us or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the u.s. securities laws. it is uncertain whether swiss courts would enforce judgments of u.s. courts obtained in actions against bunge global or other persons that are predicated upon the civil liability provisions of u.s. federal securities laws or original actions brought against bunge global or other persons predicated upon the u.s. securities act of 1933, as amended. the enforceability in switzerland of a foreign judgment rendered against bunge global or such other persons is subject to the limitations set forth in such international treaties by which switzerland is bound and the swiss federal private international law act. in particular, and without limitation to the foregoing, a judgment rendered by a foreign court may only be enforced in switzerland if:
•such foreign court had jurisdiction,
•such judgment has become final and non-appealable,
•the court procedures leading to such judgment followed the principles of due process of law, including proper service of process, and
•such judgment does not violate swiss law principles of public policy.
in addition, enforceability of a judgment by a non-swiss court in switzerland may be limited if bunge global can demonstrate that it or such other persons were not effectively served with process. we have been advised that the u.s. and switzerland currently do not have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. some remedies available under the laws of u.s. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the u.s. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in swiss courts as they are contrary to switzerland's public policy.
as a swiss corporation, our flexibility will be limited with respect to certain aspects of capital management.
swiss law regulates a corporation's ability to hold or repurchase its own shares. we and our subsidiaries may only repurchase shares to the extent that sufficient freely available equity is available. the aggregate par value of our registered shares held by us and our subsidiaries may not exceed 10% of our stated share capital, unless our shareholders authorize (including through the capital band) the board to repurchase registered shares in an amount in excess of 10% and the repurchased shares are dedicated for cancellation in order to effect a capital reduction.
swiss law allows bunge global's shareholders to authorize the board to issue shares without additional shareholder approval, but this authorization is limited to (i) 50% of bunge global's stated share capital (among other things, the issuance of shares in connection with an acquisition or to raise new equity capital, subject to compliance with shareholders' preemptive rights, unless withdrawn for the reasons specified in the articles of association) (the so-called "capital band") and (ii) an additional 20% of bunge global's stated share capital for the issuance of shares in connection with convertible or similar financial instruments and our equity incentive plans (the so-called "conditional share capital"). the board's authority to issue shares based on the capital band must be renewed by the shareholders every five years. bunge global's articles of association provides for a capital band authorizing the board to issue up to 80,714,736 new shares or to cancel or reduce the par value of up to 32,285,894 shares (including to cancel shares repurchased under bunge global's share repurchase program) until october 19, 2028. after october 19, 2028, the capital band will only be available to the board for issuance or cancellation of registered shares if a renewed authorization is approved by shareholders.
additionally, swiss law grants existing shareholders preemptive rights to subscribe for newly issued shares and advance subscription rights to subscribe for convertible and similar financial instruments. preemptive rights and advance subscription rights may be limited or withdrawn only for valid reasons. in connection with share issuances based on the capital band and the conditional share capital, the preemptive rights and the advance subscription rights may only be limited or withdrawn for the reasons specified in the article of association.
swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares. further, swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions, including the declaration and approval of dividend distributions under certain circumstances. these swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility to swiftly implement certain initiatives or strategies, and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.
further, we are required, from time to time, to evaluate the carrying amount of our investments in affiliates, as presented on our swiss standalone balance sheet. if we determine that the carrying amount of any such investment exceeds its fair value, we may conclude that such investment is impaired. any recognized loss associated with such a non-cash impairment could result in our net assets no longer covering our statutory share capital and statutory capital reserves. under swiss law, if our net assets cover less than 50% of our statutory share capital and the non-distributable part of the statutory capital and profit reserves, the board must take appropriate measures or, to the extent such measures fall within the competence of the general meeting of shareholders, convene a general meeting of shareholders, and propose measures to remedy such a capital loss. appropriate measures depend on the relevant circumstances and the magnitude of the recognized loss and may include seeking shareholder approval for offsetting the aggregate loss, or a portion thereof, with our statutory capital reserves, including qualifying capital contribution reserves otherwise available for distributions to shareholders, or raising new equity. depending on the circumstances, we may also need to use qualifying capital contribution reserves available for distributions in order to reduce our accumulated net loss and such use might reduce our ability to make distributions without subjecting our shareholders to swiss withholding tax.
we may not be able to make distributions or repurchase shares without subjecting you to swiss withholding tax.
under current swiss law, distributions made out of qualifying capital contribution reserves recognized by the swiss federal tax administration or made in the form of a par value reduction are not subject to swiss withholding tax. however, there can be no assurances that the swiss withholding rules will not be changed in the future or that shareholders will approve a distribution out of qualifying capital contribution reserves recognized by the swiss federal tax administration or a reduction in par value for distributions. further, over the long term, the amount of par value and qualifying contribution reserves available for bunge global may be limited. if bunge global is unable to make a distribution out of qualifying capital contribution reserves or through a reduction in par value, then any dividend distributions paid by bunge global will generally be subject to a swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35%. the withholding tax must be withheld from the gross distribution and paid to the swiss federal tax administration. a u.s. holder that qualifies for benefits under the convention between the united states of america and the swiss confederation for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to taxes on income, which we refer to as the "u.s.-swiss treaty," may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the 15% treaty rate (or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). switzerland currently has concluded more than 70 tax treaties with the same treatment regarding the refund of swiss withholding taxes.
under current swiss law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35% swiss withholding tax on the difference between the par value plus qualifying capital contributions reserves and the repurchase price. over the long term, the amount of par value and qualifying contribution reserves available for bunge global may be limited. bunge global may follow a share repurchase process for future share repurchases, if any, whereby swiss institutional investors purchase bunge global shares from you and then sell the shares to bunge global and apply for a refund of the swiss withholding tax. however, if bunge global is unable to use this process successfully, bunge global may not be able to repurchase shares for the purposes of capital reduction without subjecting you to swiss withholding taxes. please see "certain tax considerations-of the redomestication-swiss tax considerations-consequences to shareholders of bunge-switzerland subsequent to the redomestication-repurchases of shares" in the definitive proxy statement for more information.
the redomestication will continue to result in additional costs to us and may result in taxes in certain jurisdictions on the indirect transfer of shares or property of bunge.
the redomestication has resulted in an increase in some of our ongoing expenses and will require us to incur some new ongoing expenses.
additionally, we generally expect to be exempt from most indirect transfer, transaction, and gains taxes on shares and property held directly or indirectly by bunge that could apply to the redomestication; however, the calculation of such liabilities involves judgment in the interpretation of complex tax law and regulations in many jurisdictions. therefore, any dispute with a taxing authority may result in a payment or outcome that differs from our current expectations. in jurisdictions where we expect to be subject to indirect transfer, transaction, and gains taxes as a result of the redomestication, we expect the amounts to be immaterial based on current estimates. however, these taxes are generally based on the fair market value of underlying shares and property which is subject to interpretation. accordingly, amounts actually owed could exceed current estimates.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our articles of association that may discourage a change of control.
our articles of association have provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect. our articles of association has a capital band provision, according to which the board is authorized, at any time until october 19, 2028, to limit or withdraw the preemptive rights of the existing shareholders in various circumstances. under our capital band, the board has authority to issue up to 80,714,736 new shares or to cancel or reduce the par value of up to 32,285,894 shares until october 19, 2028.
this provision, as well as any additional anti-takeover measures our board could adopt in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party's offer may be considered beneficial by many shareholders. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
risks relating to the pending viterra acquisition as a result of the acquisition, our shareholders will have reduced ownership and voting interest in and will exercise less influence over management of the combined company.
our shareholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the board and on other matters affecting us. upon consummation of the acquisition, each of our shareholders will become a shareholder of the combined company with a percentage ownership of the combined company that is smaller than each such shareholder's percentage ownership of bunge immediately prior to the acquisition. upon completion of the transaction, the sellers are expected to own approximately 30% of the combined bunge company on a fully diluted basis, before giving effect to any share repurchases by bunge occurring after june 13, 2023. accordingly, our current shareholders will have less influence on the management and policies of the combined company than they now have on the management and policies of bunge.
our and viterra's business relationships may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the acquisition.
parties with which we or viterra do business may experience uncertainty associated with the acquisition, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us, viterra or the combined business. our and viterra's business relationships may be subject to disruption as clients, vendors and others may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us, viterra or the combined business. these disruptions could have a material and adverse effect on the businesses, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the combined business, including a material and adverse effect on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. the risk and adverse effect of such disruptions could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion or termination of the acquisition.
until the completion or termination of the acquisition, we and viterra are prohibited from entering into certain transactions and taking certain actions that might otherwise be beneficial to us, viterra and/or our respective shareholders.
from and after the date of the business combination agreement and prior to completion of the acquisition, the business combination agreement restricts us and viterra from taking specified actions without the consent of the other party and requires that the business of each company and its respective subsidiaries be conducted independently in the ordinary course in all material respects. these restrictions may prevent us or viterra from taking actions that would be beneficial. adverse effects arising from these restrictions during the pendency of the acquisition could be exacerbated by any delays in consummation or termination of the acquisition.
third parties may terminate or alter existing contracts or relationships with us or viterra.
we and viterra each have contracts with customers, suppliers, vendors, distributors, landlords, licensors, joint venture partners, and other business partners which may require us or viterra, as applicable, to obtain consent from these other parties in connection with the acquisition. if these consents cannot be obtained, the counterparties to these contracts and other third parties with which we and/or viterra currently have relationships may have the ability to terminate, reduce the scope of or otherwise materially adversely alter their relationships with either or both parties in anticipation of the acquisition, or with the combined company following the acquisition. the pursuit of such rights may result in bunge or the combined company suffering a loss of potential future revenue or incurring liabilities in connection with a breach of such agreements and losing rights that are material to its business. any such disruptions could limit the combined company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. the adverse effect of such disruptions could also be exacerbated by a delay in the completion or termination of the acquisition.
obtaining required approvals and satisfying closing conditions may prevent or delay completion of the acquisition.
the acquisition is subject to a number of conditions to closing as specified in the business combination agreement, including, (i) any applicable waiting period (or extension thereof) under the u.s. hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "hsr act") relating to the transaction shall have expired or been terminated, (ii) all required consents, clearances, authorizations and approvals pursuant to antitrust laws, foreign investments laws, and other laws, as applicable, having been obtained, (iii) no law, order, injunction or decree will be in effect that prevents, makes illegal or prohibits the acquisition, and (iv) the increase in our share capital to effect the issuance of registered shares to viterra shareholders and the related amendments to our governing documents in connection therewith has been registered with the competent cantonal commercial register in switzerland. although we and viterra have agreed in the business combination agreement to use our reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to make certain governmental filings or obtain the required governmental authorizations, as the case may be, no assurance can be given that the required approvals will be obtained or that the required conditions to closing will be satisfied, and, if all required approvals are obtained and the conditions are satisfied, no assurance can be given as to the terms, conditions and timing of the approvals. any delay in completing the acquisition could cause the combined company not to realize, or to be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the acquisition is successfully completed within its expected time frame.
the acquisition could be terminated.
either we or viterra may terminate the business combination agreement under certain circumstances, including, among other reasons, if the acquisition is not consummated by june 13, 2024, which may automatically be extended up to two times, each for a period of three months, due to failure to obtain certain regulatory clearances. each of the sellers, acting collectively, on the one hand, and bunge, on the other hand, may further extend the termination date up to two additional times, each for a period of three months, due to failure to obtain these regulatory clearances. if the business combination agreement is terminated in connection with certain circumstances relating to the failure to obtain certain antitrust and competition clearances that are conditions to closing, we would be obligated to pay to viterra a fee of $400 million in the aggregate.
failure to complete the acquisition could negatively impact our stock price and our future business and financial results.
if the acquisition is not completed for any reason, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the acquisition, we could be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on our stock price, and from our clients, staff and vendors;
•we may be required to pay viterra or the sellers, as applicable, a fee of up to approximately $400 million if the acquisition is not consummated;
•we will be required to pay certain transaction expenses and other costs relating to the acquisition, whether or not the acquisition is completed;
•the business combination agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to completion of the acquisition; and
•matters relating to the acquisition (including integration planning) will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company.
there can be no assurance that the risks described above will not materialize. if any of those risks materialize, they may materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, financial results and stock price.
we and viterra may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other key employees in light of the acquisition.
uncertainty about the effect of the acquisition on our employees and viterra's employees may have an adverse effect on each of us and viterra separately and consequently the combined business. this uncertainty may impair our and viterra's ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the acquisition is completed. employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the acquisition, as our employees and viterra's employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined business. furthermore, if our key employees or viterra's key employees depart or are at risk of departing, including because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration, financial security or a desire not to become team members of the combined business, we may have to incur significant costs in retaining such individuals or in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may be adversely affected.
shareholder lawsuits relating to the acquisition have been, and may in the future be filed against us, which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the acquisition from being completed.
shareholder lawsuits are often brought against companies that have entered into transactions like the acquisition. such a shareholder lawsuit was filed against us in connection with the acquisition, which subsequently has been dismissed, but there is no assurance that there will not be additional shareholder lawsuits brought against us in connection with the acquisition. even if the lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. an adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition. additionally, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting consummation of the acquisition, then that injunction may delay or prevent the acquisition from being completed.
the incurrence of debt to fund the pending acquisition of viterra may impact our financial position and subject us to additional financial and operating restrictions.
as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $4.9 billion of total debt. we expect to incur a substantial amount of additional debt in connection with the pending acquisition of viterra. we expect that upon completion of the pending acquisition of viterra and the related financing transactions, our total debt will increase to approximately $16 billion. in addition, we expect to have capacity to incur significant additional debt to fund our working capital needs and for other corporate purposes. we have secured a total of $8.0 billion in acquisition debt financing in the form of a $7.7 billion financing commitment from a consortium of lenders and a $300 million five-year delayed draw term loan. the commitment is in the form of a three-tranche term loan maturing 364 days, two years and three years from the closing of the acquisition. we expect to obtain long-term unsecured debt financing in lieu of all or a portion of the commitments provided under the $7.7 billion financing commitment. however, there can be no assurance we will be able to obtain such permanent debt financing or that it will be on acceptable terms, in which case, our debt portfolio may have a shorter maturity profile thus increasing our liquidity and refinancing risk. although we expect to repay certain of viterra's existing debt at closing, existing notes of viterra totaling approximately $3.3 billion are expected to survive closing and we plan to take the required actions in order to have such notes be pari-passu with existing senior unsecured indebtedness of bunge.
interest rates may rise to levels that are significantly higher than where they are today, thereby increasing our overall cost of capital. in addition, we anticipate that as a result of the debt we expect to incur to finance the acquisition, credit rating agencies will review our credit rating. while as part of their ratings review and subsequent credit opinions related to the acquisition, s&p, moody's and fitch have placed us on positive outlook, review for upgrade and credit watch positive, respectively for a one notch upgrade to a-, baa1 and bbb+, respectively, there is no assurance that these upgrades to the credit ratings will materialize. the rating agencies have also outlined certain scenarios under which our current credit ratings may be downgraded at or ahead of the closing. any potential future negative change in our credit ratings may make it more expensive for us to raise long-term financing on terms that are acceptable to us or to raise additional capital on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all, and may negatively impact the price of registered shares, increase our overall cost of capital, and have other negative implications on our business, many of which are beyond our control.
we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses in connection with the acquisition, regardless of whether the acquisition is completed.
we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses related to the acquisition. these expenses include, but are not limited to, fees related to arranging debt financing, financial advisory and opinion fees and expenses, legal fees, accounting fees and expenses, certain employee expenses, consulting fees, filing fees, printing expenses and other related fees and expenses. many of these expenses will be payable by us regardless of whether the acquisition is completed.
if our due diligence investigation of viterra was inadequate or if risks related to viterra's business materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders' investment.
even though we conducted a customary due diligence investigation of viterra, we cannot be sure that our diligence surfaced all material issues that may be present inside viterra or its business, or that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of viterra and its business and outside of its control will not arise later. if any such material issues arise or if known risks prove to be more significant than expected, the ongoing business of the combined company and our shareholders' investment may be materially and adversely impacted.
the outstanding capital stock of viterra is privately held and is not traded in any public market. the lack of a public market makes it difficult to determine the fair market value of viterra. the aggregate consideration for the viterra is set forth in the business combination agreement as a result of negotiations and because these share amounts are fixed, they will not adjust to factor in any change in the value of viterra before closing. as a result, there is no guarantee that the value of the aggregate consideration in the acquisition will align with the actual value of the viterra at closing.
risks relating to the combined company because we and viterra operate similar businesses in similar industries, the risks relating to us and our business are generally the same as the risks relating to the combined company. this section should be read in conjunction with the other risk factors discussed under this item 1a.
after completion of the acquisition, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, which could adversely affect the value of registered shares.
the success of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from combining the businesses of bunge and viterra. our ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is subject to certain risks including:
•our ability to successfully combine the businesses of bunge and viterra;
•whether the combined businesses will perform as expected;
•the incurrence of indebtedness to finance the acquisition and the need to dedicate a greater amount of cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness; and
•the assumption of known and unknown liabilities of viterra.
if we are not able to successfully integrate and combine the businesses of bunge and viterra within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected, the combined businesses may not perform as expected, and the value of bunge shares may be adversely affected.
it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of our key staff or viterra's key staff, the disruption of either or both company's ongoing businesses, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. specifically, issues that must be addressed to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition so the combined business performs as expected include, among other things:
•identifying and adopting the best practices of the two organizations to position the combined business for future growth;
•integrating the companies' technologies, systems and services;
•harmonizing the companies' operating practices, reporting structure, staff development and compensation programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes, including compliance by the acquired operations with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states and the documentation and testing of internal control procedures under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, which includes remediating certain deficiencies in internal controls over financial reporting of viterra identified in connection with the audit of its consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 that constituted a material weakness and resulted in financial statement restatements;
•rebranding operations and addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies;
•consolidating the companies' corporate, administrative and information technology infrastructure;
•maintaining existing agreements with clients and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective clients; and
•identifying and eliminating redundant assets and expenses and consolidating locations of us and viterra that are currently in close proximity to each other.
in addition, at times, the attention of certain members of either or both companies' management and resources may be focused on completion of the acquisition and the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt each company's ongoing business and the business of the combined company.
we will incur significant integration-related costs in connection with the acquisition and we may not be able to obtain the anticipated synergies of the combined company.
we will incur significant integration-related fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and staff-related costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the acquisition and the integration of viterra into our business. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other synergies and efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, that may allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all, and we may incur difficulties and delays in integrating viterra's business following completion of the acquisition or fully realizing the anticipated cost synergies and other benefits expected from the acquisition.
the market price for registered shares of the combined company following the completion of the acquisition may be affected by factors different from, or in addition to, those that historically have affected or currently affect the market prices of the registered shares.
the results of operations of the combined company will be affected by some factors that are different from those currently or historically affecting our results of operations and those currently or historically affecting the results of operations of viterra. the results of operations of the combined company may also be affected by factors different from those that currently affect or have historically affected either bunge or viterra.
certain sellers will be able to exercise influence over the composition of the board, matters subject to shareholder approval and/or our operations.
upon the completion of the acquisition, the number of registered shares expected to be issued to glencore, cpp investments and bci will represent approximately 15%, 12% and 3% of our outstanding registered shares, based on the number of our outstanding registered shares as of december 31, 2023, or in the aggregate approximately 30% of the combined company on a fully diluted basis before giving effect to any share repurchases by bunge occurring after june 13, 2023. as part of our announced plan to repurchase $2.0 billion of registered shares, bunge has repurchased, and may repurchase shares from time to time, which may occur before the closing. these repurchases may increase the sellers aggregate ownership percentage in the combined company up to approximately 33% after completion of the repurchase plan.
in connection with the pending acquisition, bunge and each of glencore and cpp investments will execute the shareholder agreements. each shareholder's agreement provides each of glencore and cpp investments the right to designate (a) two persons to be nominated for election to board, as long as such seller maintains beneficial ownership of at least 10% of the registered shares; and (b) one person to be nominated for election to the board, as long as such seller maintains beneficial ownership of at least 5% of the registered shares. the shareholder agreements will become effective at the closing of the acquisition.
glencore and cpp investments may be able to influence the composition of the board and thus, potentially, the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as statutory mergers or the issuance of new shares where preemptive rights of shareholders are to be withdrawn, which require the affirmative vote of a majority of two-thirds of the voting rights represented at the general meeting of shareholders. this concentration of investment and voting power, in addition to our current concentration of investment and voting power among certain large shareholders, could discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to bunge and its shareholders, which could adversely affect the market price of registered shares.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following should be read in conjunction with "cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements" and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
for a comparison of results of operations for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, see part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of bunge limited's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 24, 2023.
operating results factors affecting operating results bunge global sa, a swiss company, together with its subsidiaries, is a leading global agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from farmer to consumer. the commodity nature of the company's principal products, as well as regional and global supply and demand variations that occur as an inherent part of the business, make volumes an important operating measure. accordingly, information is included in "segment overview and results of operations" that summarizes certain items in our consolidated statements of income and volumes by reportable segment. the common unit of measure for all reported volumes is metric tons.
agribusiness in the agribusiness segment, we purchase, store, transport, process, and sell agricultural commodities and commodity products. profitability in this segment is affected by the availability and market prices of agricultural commodities and processed commodity products and the availability and costs of energy, transportation, and logistics services. profitability in our processing operations is also impacted by volumes procured, processed, and sold and by capacity utilization rates. availability of agricultural commodities is affected by many factors, including weather, farmer planting and selling decisions, plant diseases, governmental policies, and agricultural sector economic conditions. reported processing volumes comprise oilseed volumes crushed (processed) during a period, which approximate sales volumes to third parties during the same period. reported merchandising volumes represent sales volumes to third-party customers.
demand for our purchased and processed agribusiness products is affected by many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in per capita income, the financial condition of our customers and their access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, particularly pork and poultry, population growth rates, relative prices of substitute agricultural products, outbreaks of disease associated with livestock and poultry, and demand for renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities and commodity products.
we expect that the factors described above will continue to affect global supply and demand for our agribusiness products for the foreseeable future. we also expect that, from time to time, imbalances will likely exist between oilseed processing capacity and demand for oilseed products in certain regions, which impacts our decisions regarding whether, when, and where to purchase, store, transport, process or sell these commodities, including whether to change the location of or adjust our own oilseed processing capacity.
additionally, price fluctuations and availability of commodities may cause fluctuations in our working capital, reflected in the level of inventories, accounts receivable, and outstanding borrowings over the course of a given year. for example, increased availability of commodities at harvest times often causes fluctuations in our inventories and borrowings. increases in agricultural commodity prices will also generally cause our cash flow requirements to increase as our operations require increased use of cash and associated borrowings to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange-traded futures that we use to hedge our physical inventories.
refined and specialty oils in the refined and specialty oils segment, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials such as crude vegetable oils, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions, and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the refined and specialty oils segment are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in this segment reflect sales volumes to third-party customers. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
milling in the milling segment, our operating results are affected by changes in the prices of raw materials such as grains, the mix of products that we sell, changes in consumer eating habits, changes in per capita income, consumer purchasing power levels, availability of credit to customers, governmental dietary guidelines and policies, changes in regional economic conditions and the general competitive environment in our markets. raw material inputs to our production processes in the milling segment are largely sourced at market prices from our agribusiness segment. reported volumes in this segment reflect feedstock ground (processed) during a period, again approximating sales volumes during the same period. the unit of measure for these volumes is metric tons as these businesses are linked to the commodity raw materials, which are their primary inputs.
sugar and bioenergy our sugar and bioenergy segment primarily comprises our 50% interest in bp bunge bioenergia, a joint venture with bp. bp bunge bioenergia operates on a stand-alone basis with a total of 11 mills located across the southeast, north, and midwest regions of brazil. we account for our interest in the joint venture under the equity method of accounting. accordingly, our reported sugar and bioenergy results include our share of the net earnings in bp bunge bioenergia. while we are committed to supporting the growth and development of bp bunge bioenergia, our long-term goal is to seek strategic opportunities for our investment in the joint venture.
profitability of this segment, the value of our investment, and the timing of distributions we receive, if any, are affected by the profitability of the joint venture. in turn, the profitability of the joint venture is affected by the availability and quality of sugarcane, which impacts capacity utilization rates and the amount of sugar that can be extracted from the sugarcane, and by market prices of sugar and ethanol. the availability and quality of sugarcane is affected by many factors, including weather, geographical factors such as soil quality and topography, and agricultural practices. once planted, sugarcane may be harvested for several continuous years, but the yield decreases with each subsequent harvest. as a result, the current optimum economic cycle is generally five to seven consecutive harvests, depending on location. the joint venture owns and/or has partnership agreements to manage farmland on which it grows and harvests sugarcane and also purchases sugarcane from third parties. prices of sugarcane in brazil are established by consecana, the state of são paulo sugarcane, sugar, and ethanol council, and are based on the sucrose content of the cane and the market prices of sugar and ethanol. demand for the joint venture's products is affected by many factors, including changes in global or regional economic conditions, the financial condition of customers and customer access to credit, worldwide consumption of food products, population growth rates, changes in per capita income, and demand for and governmental support of renewable fuels produced from agricultural commodities, including sugarcane.
in addition to these industry related factors which impact our business areas, our results of operations in all business areas and segments are affected by the following factors:
foreign currency exchange rates due to the global nature of our operations, our operating results can be materially impacted by foreign currency exchange rates. both translation of our foreign subsidiaries' financial statements and foreign currency transactions can affect our results. on a monthly basis, for subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than the u.s. dollar, subsidiary statements of income and cash flows must be translated into u.s. dollars for consolidation purposes based on weighted-average exchange rates in each monthly period. as a result, fluctuations of local currencies compared to the u.s. dollar during each monthly period impact our consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each reported period (per quarter and year-to-date) and also affect comparisons between those reported periods. subsidiary balance sheets are translated using exchange rates as of the balance sheet date with the resulting translation adjustments reported in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
additionally, we record transaction gains or losses on monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity. these amounts are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses included in the entity's statement of income and, therefore, in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses) - net.
we primarily use a combination of equity and intercompany loans to finance our subsidiaries. intercompany loans that are of a long-term investment nature with no intention of repayment in the foreseeable future are considered permanently invested and as such are treated as analogous to equity for accounting purposes. as a result, any foreign currency translation gains or losses on such permanently invested intercompany loans are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets. in contrast, foreign currency translation gains or losses on intercompany loans that are not of a permanent nature are recorded in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses) - net.
income taxes as a swiss corporation, we are subject to corporate income tax at federal, cantonal and communal levels on our swiss income. qualifying net dividend income and net capital gains on the sale of qualifying investments in subsidiaries are effectively exempt from federal, cantonal and communal corporate income tax. consequently, we expect dividends from our subsidiaries and capital gains from sales of investments in our subsidiaries to be exempt from swiss corporate income tax.  in addition, our subsidiaries, which operate in multiple tax jurisdictions, are subject to income taxes at various statutory rates ranging from 0% to 35%. the jurisdictions that significantly impact our effective tax rate are brazil, the united states, argentina and switzerland. determination of taxable income requires the interpretation of related and often complex tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate, and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future events.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures total segment earnings before interest and taxes ("ebit") is an operating performance measure used by bunge's management to evaluate segment operating activities. bunge also uses core segment ebit, non-core segment ebit, corporate and other ebit, and total segment ebit to evaluate segment operating performance of bunge's core reportable segments, non-core reportable segments, and total reportable segments together with corporate and other. core segment ebit is the aggregate of the ebit of each of bunge's agribusiness, refined and specialty oils, and milling segments. non-core segment ebit is the ebit of bunge's sugar & bioenergy segment. total segment ebit is the aggregate of the ebit of bunge's core and non-core reportable segments, together with corporate and other. bunge's management believes core segment ebit, non-core segment ebit, corporate and other ebit, and total segment ebit are useful measures of operating profitability since the measures allow for an evaluation of the performance of its segments without regard to financing methods or capital structure. in addition, ebit is a financial measure that is widely used by analysts and investors in bunge's industry. total segment ebit is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace net income attributable to bunge, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. further, total segment ebit excludes ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests and is not a measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other measure of consolidated operating results under u.s. gaap. see the reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit below.
cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is calculated by including the proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables with cash provided by (used for) operating activities. cash provided by (used for) operating activities, adjusted is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure and is not intended to replace cash provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. our management believes presentation of this measure allows investors to view our cash generating performance using the same measure that management uses in evaluating financial and business performance and trends. calculation of the measure, including proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivables, was affected by the november 2022 securitization program change described in note 4 - trade accounts receivable and trade receivables securitization.
2023 overview net income attributable to bunge - for the year ended december 31, 2023, net income attributable to bunge was $2,243 million, an increase of $633 million compared to a net income attributable to bunge of $1,610 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher segment ebit in our core and non-core segments, partially offset by lower ebit in our corporate and other activities, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below, and increased income tax expense.
earnings per share - diluted - for the year ended december 31, 2023, net income attributable to bunge shareholders, diluted, was $14.87 per share, an increase of $4.36 per share, compared to $10.51 per share for the year ended december 31, 2022.
ebit - for the year ended december 31, 2023, total segment ebit was $3,333 million, an increase of $1,002 million compared to ebit of $2,331 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in total segment ebit for the year ended december 31, 2023 was due to higher segment ebit in our core and non-core segments, partially offset by lower segment ebit in our corporate and other activities, as further discussed in the segment overview and results of operations section below, and which also provides a reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit.
income tax expense - income tax expense was $714 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to income tax expense of $388 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily due to higher pre-tax income and earnings mix, partially offset by $90 million of net benefit related to tax credits granted in switzerland.
liquidity and capital resources - at december 31, 2023, working capital, which equals total current assets less total current liabilities, was $8,663 million, an increase of $1,505 million, compared to working capital of $7,158 million at december 31, 2022. the increase in working capital was primarily due to higher cash and cash equivalents balances as well as lower trade accounts payable and current portion of long-term debt balances, driven by strong operating cash flows, partially offset by lower inventories driven by lower average commodity prices partially offset by higher volumes.
segment overview and results of operations our operations are organized, managed, and classified into four reportable segments based upon their similar economic characteristics, nature of products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer, and distribution methods. we further organize these reportable segments into core operations and non-core operations. core operations comprise our agribusiness, refined and specialty oils, and milling segments. non-core operations comprise our sugar & bioenergy segment, which itself primarily comprises the company's 50% interest in the net earnings of bp bunge bioenergia, a joint venture with bp.
our remaining operations are not reportable segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard, and are classified as corporate and other. corporate and other includes salaries and overhead for corporate functions that are not allocated to our individual reportable segments because the operating performance of each reportable segment is evaluated by the company's chief operating decision maker exclusive of these items, as well as certain other activities including bunge ventures, the company's captive insurance activities, and trade receivables securitization program, as well as certain income tax assets and liabilities.
a reconciliation of net income attributable to bunge to total segment ebit follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                             2023                        2022
net income attributable to bunge                                        $2,243                      $1,610
interest income                                                          (148)                        (71)
interest expense                                                           516                         403
income tax expense                                                         714                         388
noncontrolling interests' share of interest and tax                          8                           1
total segment ebit                                                      $3,333                      $2,331
agribusiness segment ebit                                                2,786                       1,715
refined and specialty oils segment ebit                                    865                         746
milling segment ebit                                                        66                         162
core segment ebit                                                        3,717                       2,623
corporate and other ebit                                                 (548)                       (397)
sugar and bioenergy segment ebit                                           164                         105
non-core segment ebit                                                      164                         105
total segment ebit                                                      $3,333                      $2,331
42
core segments agribusiness segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                        2023                      2022                % change volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                   76,019                    77,492                   (2)    %
net sales                                                          $42,764                   $47,700                  (10)    %
cost of goods sold                                                (39,443)                  (45,410)                  (13)    %
gross profit                                                         3,321                     2,290                    45    %
selling, general and administrative expense                          (592)                     (532)                    11    %
foreign exchange gains - net                                             -                         2                 (100)    %
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (70)                      (45)                  (56)    %
other income (expense) - net                                           126                      (67)                   288    %
income from affiliates                                                   1                        67                  (99)    %
total agribusiness segment ebit                                     $2,786                    $1,715                    62    %
2023 compared to 2022
agribusiness segment net sales decreased 10% to $42,764 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease was due to the following:
•in processing, net sales decreased 5%, primarily due to lower average sales prices experienced in almost all regions for our global soybean oilseed processing businesses and our europe softseed business. lower average sales prices resulted from a reduction in the current year relative to the higher price environment in the prior year following the onset of the ukraine-russia war. also contributing to the decrease in net sales was lower volumes resulting primarily from decreased sales in argentina due to the drought experienced in the region in the current year. the above decreases were partially offset by higher volumes in our global soybean oilseed processing business as a result of strong demand in both china and north america and increased activity in our europe softseed business in the last half of 2023 at our ukrainian facilities, which more than offset the reduction due to the sale of our russian oilseed processing business in the first quarter of 2023.
•in merchandising, net sales decreased 23%, primarily due to lower average sales prices in our global corn, wheat, and oil businesses, as a result of higher global commodity prices in the prior year following the onset of the ukraine-russia war, which exacerbated an already tight commodity supply environment. volumes were also down due to decreased demand in our global corn and oil businesses. net sales were down in our ocean freight business due to lower prices and stabilizing demand. the above decreases were partially offset by higher sales volumes in our global wheat business, as a result of the partial resumption of operations in ukraine.
cost of goods sold decreased 13%, to $39,443 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, cost of goods sold decreased 9% due to lower net sales, favorable mark-to-market results, lack of recurring prior year losses in relation to the ukraine-russia war and impairment of the russian business upon classification as held-for-sale, and an $18 million benefit in the current year from the recognition of mark-to-market gains on the recovery of inventories in ukraine, partially offset by a current year $37 million fixed asset impairment charge in north america.
•in merchandising, cost of goods sold decreased by 22% due to lower net sales, lack of recurring losses in relation to the ukraine-russia war and a $11 million benefit in the current year from the recognition of mark-to-market gains related to the recovery of inventories in ukraine primarily from our mykolaiv facility, partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market results.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased 11%, to $592 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase was primarily driven by increased personnel costs and higher costs as a result of inflationary pressures, partially offset by favorable currency movements, primarily from the weakening argentine peso.
43
other income (expense) - net increased 288%, to income of $126 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to expense of $67 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was due to gains in argentina related to foreign currency positioning and positive results in our bunge financial services business compared to prior year losses on marketable securities and other short-term investments with exposures to ukraine, following the onset of the ukraine-russia war.
income from affiliates decreased 99% to income of $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to income of $67 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily due to results from equity method investments in south america resellers.
segment ebit increased 62% to $2,786 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase was primarily due to the following:
•in processing, an increase of 121% was primarily due to higher gross profit driven by improved margins in our europe softseed business, our global oilseed processing businesses, and our north america oilseed processing business, and higher other income (expense) - net, partially offset by higher sg&a expense and a reduction in income from affiliates as described above.
•in merchandising, a decrease of 49% was primarily due to lower gross profit, driven by lower results in our ocean freight business, and higher sg&a, partially offset by higher other income (expense) - net, as described above.
refined and specialty oils segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                        2023   2022                                   % change volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                    8,908                     9,201                   (3)    %
net sales                                                          $14,603                   $16,850                  (13)    %
cost of goods sold                                                (13,234)                  (15,692)                  (16)    %
gross profit                                                         1,369                     1,158                    18    %
selling, general and administrative expense                          (425)                     (357)                    19    %
foreign exchange losses (gains) - net                                    7                      (14)                   150    %
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (21)                      (12)                    75    %
other (expense) - net                                                 (65)                      (29)                   124    %
income from affiliates                                                   -                         -                     -    %
total refined and specialty oils segment ebit                         $865                      $746                    16    %
2023 compared to 2022
refined and specialty oils segment net sales decreased 13%, to $14,603 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, primarily due to lower average sales prices in most regions, driven by prices stabilizing and increased supply. sales volumes were also lower in most regions, driven by the 2022 partial expiration of leased capacity at the rotterdam facility as well as the sale of our russia operations in the first quarter of 2023.
cost of goods sold decreased 16%, to $13,234 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily due to lower average commodity prices and volumes in most regions, as described for net sales above, a lack of a non-recurring impairment charge and employee severance expenses related to the classification of our russian oilseed and processing business as held-for-sale in the prior period, and more favorable mark-to-market results.
sg&a expenses increased 19%, to $425 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase was primarily driven by accelerated amortization charges of $21 million, which included $4 million attributable to noncontrolling interests, primarily related to the discontinuance of the loders croklaan trademark, as well as, higher personnel costs and higher costs as a result of inflationary pressures.
44
segment ebit increased 16% to $865 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit driven by overall higher margins in most regions partially offset by higher sg&a, as described above.
milling segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2023                    2022                % change volumes (in thousand metric tons)                                  3,391                   4,331                  (22)    %
net sales                                                         $1,896                  $2,388                  (21)    %
cost of goods sold                                               (1,729)                 (2,128)                  (19)    %
gross profit                                                         167                     260                  (36)    %
selling, general and administrative expense                         (95)                   (102)                   (7)    %
foreign exchange gains - net                                           1                       4                  (75)    %
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                          1                     (1)      200                 %
other (expense) income - net                                         (7)                       1                 (800)    %
loss from affiliates                                                 (1)                       -                 (100)    %
total milling segment ebit                                           $66                    $162                  (59)    %
2023 compared to 2022
milling segment net sales decreased 21%, to $1,896 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease was primarily due to lower volumes in our north america wheat milling business, driven by the completion of the sale of our mexican wheat milling business in the third quarter of 2022, and our south american wheat milling business, partially offset by higher prices in the south american wheat milling business.
cost of goods sold decreased 19%, to $1,729 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease was primarily due to lower volumes, as described for net sales above, due to the sale of our mexican wheat milling business in the third quarter of 2022, partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market results compared to a strong prior year in south america during a period of high market volatility.
segment ebit decreased 59% to $66 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit resulting from unfavorable mark-to-market results in south america and sale of our mexican wheat milling business in 2022, as described above.
corporate and other year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                      2023                    2022                % change net sales                                                            $42                     $35                    20    %
cost of goods sold                                                  (60)                    (70)                  (14)    %
gross profit                                                        (18)                    (35)                    49    %
selling, general and administrative expense                        (602)                   (377)                    60    %
foreign exchange gains (losses) - net                                 12                     (5)                   340    %
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                          4                     (9)                   144    %
other income - net                                                    73                      84                  (13)    %
loss from affiliates                                                (17)                    (55)                  (69)    %
total corporate and other ebit                                    $(548)                  $(397)                  (38)    %
45
2023 compared to 2022
corporate and other ebit decreased 38%, to a loss of $548 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the decrease was primarily driven by increased sg&a expense, including $114 million related to acquisition and integration costs associated with the announced acquisition agreement with viterra as well as increased expenses associated with other growth and productivity-related initiatives and higher personnel costs as a result of inflationary pressures. also contributing to the decrease were impairment charges of $20 million, in other income (expense) - net, related to a long-term investment, and $16 million, in income from affiliates, related to a minority investment in australian plant proteins, a start-up manufacturer of novel protein ingredients. in addition, results in the prior year included a gain of $29 million, at bunge's then-70% share, related to the settlement of one of the company's international defined benefit pension plans. the decreases described above were partially offset by impairment charges in the prior year of $53 million related to the impairment of minority investments in two start-up manufacturers of novel protein ingredients, merit functional foods and australian plant proteins, and a $11 million impairment charge related to the classification of our russian business as held-for-sale.
non-core segment sugar and bioenergy segment year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                    2023                  2022                % change net sales                                                         $235                  $259                   (9)    %
cost of goods sold                                               (229)                 (250)                   (8)    %
gross profit                                                         6                     9                  (33)    %
selling, general and administrative expense                        (1)                   (1)                     -    %
foreign exchange losses - net                                        -                     2                 (100)    %
ebit attributable to noncontrolling interests                        -                     -                     -    %
other income - net                                                   2                     2                     -    %
income from affiliates                                             157                    93                    69    %
total sugar and bioenergy segment ebit                            $164                  $105                    56    %
2023 compared to 2022
segment ebit increased 56%, to $164 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase was due to more favorable results from our investment in bp bunge bioenergia, primarily resulting from the release of a tax valuation allowance in the current period as well as higher sugar sales prices. the release of the tax valuation allowance is related to our investment in bp bunge bioenergia. therefore, the tax valuation release is recorded within income from affiliates and included in ebit.
interest-a summary of consolidated interest income and expense follows:
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)       2023                  2022                               % change interest income                     $148                   $71                   108    %
interest expense                   (516)                 (403)                    28    %
2023 compared to 2022
interest income increased 108% to $148 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. interest expense increased 28% to $516 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. higher interest income is the result of significantly higher investments in cash equivalents in the current year and higher variable interest rates. higher interest expense is the result of higher variable interest rates on debt, as well as, $16 million in financing related fees associated with the announced business combination agreement with viterra in the current period. partially offsetting the current period increase in interest expense is a prior year charge of $47 million resulting from the early redemption of all issued and outstanding 4.35% senior notes due march 2024.
46
liquidity and capital resources our main financial objectives are to prudently manage financial risks, ensure consistent access to liquidity and minimize cost of capital in order to efficiently finance our business and maintain balance sheet strength. we generally finance our ongoing operations with cash flows generated from operations, issuances of commercial paper, borrowings under various bilateral and syndicated revolving credit facilities, term loans, and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. acquisitions and long-lived assets are generally financed with a combination of equity and long-term debt.
working capital as of december 31,
(us$ in millions, except current ratio)                   2023                            2022
cash and cash equivalents                          $2,602                          $1,104
trade accounts receivable, net                      2,592                           2,829
inventories                                         7,105                           8,408
other current assets(1)                             4,051                           4,417
total current assets                              $16,350                         $16,758
short-term debt                                      $797                            $546
current portion of long-term debt                       5                             846
trade accounts payable                              3,664                           4,386
current operating lease obligations                   308                             425
other current liabilities(2)                        2,913                           3,397
total current liabilities                          $7,687                          $9,600
working capital(3)                                 $8,663                          $7,158
current ratio(3)                                     2.13                            1.75
(1)comprises assets held for sale and other current assets
(2)comprises liabilities held for sale and other current liabilities
(3)working capital is defined as total current assets less total current liabilities; current ratio represents total current assets divided by total current liabilities working capital was $8,663 million at december 31, 2023, an increase of $1,505 million from working capital of $7,158 million at december 31, 2022.
cash and cash equivalents - cash and cash equivalents were $2,602 million at december 31, 2023, an increase of $1,498 million from $1,104 million at december 31, 2022. cash balances are managed in accordance with our investment policy, the objectives of which are to preserve the principal value of our cash assets, maintain a high degree of liquidity, and deliver competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. cash balances are typically invested in short-term deposits with highly-rated financial institutions, in u.s. government securities and a-1/p-1 commercial papers. please refer to the cash flows section of this report, below, for details regarding the primary factors giving rise to the change in cash and cash equivalents during the year ended december 31, 2023.
trade accounts receivable, net - trade accounts receivable, net were $2,592 million at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $237 million from $2,829 million at december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily due to decreased net sales in the current period driven by factors described in the segment overview & results of operations above.
inventories - inventories were $7,105 million at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $1,303 million from $8,408 million at december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily due to lower average commodity prices relative to the prior year, partially offset by higher volumes.
rmi comprises agricultural commodity inventories, including soybeans, soybean meal, soybean oil, corn, and wheat that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. total rmi reported at fair value were $5,837 million and $6,680 million at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively (see note 5- inventories, to our consolidated financial statements).
other current assets - other current assets, including assets held for sale, were $4,051 million at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $366 million from $4,417 million at december 31, 2022. the decrease is primarily due to a decrease in margin
47
deposits as well as lower unrealized gains on derivative contracts, at fair value as a result of volatile commodity prices, a decrease in assets held for sale due to the completion of the sale of our russian operations in the first quarter of 2023 (see note 2- acquisitions and dispositions, to our consolidated financial statements), partially offset by an increase in secured advances to suppliers, net and prepaid commodity contracts.
short-term debt - short-term debt, including the current portion of long-term debt, was $802 million at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $590 million from $1,392 million at december 31, 2022. the lower short-term debt level at december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022 is primarily due to the repayment of 1.85% senior notes - euro in june 2023 partially offset by higher borrowings by bunge operating companies on local bank lines of credit.
trade accounts payable - trade accounts payable were $3,664 million at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $722 million from $4,386 million at december 31, 2022. the decrease in trade accounts payable was primarily due to lower average inventory purchase prices during the current year.
other current liabilities - other current liabilities, including liabilities held for sale, were $2,913 million at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $484 million from $3,397 million at december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily due to lower unrealized losses on derivative contracts, as a result of volatile commodity prices, and lower advances on sales during the current period due to a reduction in commodity prices, partially offset by an increase in accrued liabilities driven by increased acquisition and integration costs as well as higher income tax payable.
debt financing arrangements and outstanding indebtedness- prior to june 21, 2023, we conducted most of our third-party financing activities through a centralized financing structure that provided the company with efficient access to debt and capital markets. this structure included a master trust (the "bunge master trust"), the primary assets of which comprised intercompany loans made to bunge limited and its subsidiaries. certain of bunge limited's 100% owned finance subsidiaries, including bunge limited finance corp., bunge finance europe b.v., and bunge asset funding corp., funded the bunge master trust with short and long-term debt obtained from third parties, including through our commercial paper program and certain credit facilities, as well as the issuance of senior notes. borrowings by these finance subsidiaries carry full, unconditional guarantees by bunge limited or bunge global sa.
on june 21, 2023, bunge limited and its finance subsidiaries terminated the bunge master trust in accordance with a termination and lien release agreement in order to simplify the legal framework around its capital structure (see note 17- short-term debt and credit facilities). in connection with the termination of the bunge master trust, bunge amended its existing credit agreements and related guarantees to remove all references and provisions related to the bunge master trust. the amendments also resulted in bunge limited's obligations as the existing guarantor being automatically assigned to bunge global sa, the new swiss holding company, as successor guarantor, effective november 1, 2023, the completion date of the redomestication.
on june 21, 2023, we also terminated our then existing $600 million asset-backed commercial paper program and the related liquidity and letter of credit facilities as well as established a new $1 billion unsecured corporate commercial paper program (the "$1 billion commercial paper program").
revolving credit facilities-at december 31, 2023, we had $5,665 million unused and available committed borrowing capacity comprising committed revolving credit facilities. the following table summarizes these facilities for the years presented:
total committedcapacity (2)   borrowings outstanding revolving credit facilities (1)                 maturities                            december 31, 2023   december 31, 2023                   december 31, 2022
revolving credit facilities
$1.1 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement                       2024                           $1,100               $-                                  $-
$1.75 billion 2026 revolving credit facility                       2026                            1,750               -                                   -
$1.95 billion 5-year revolving credit agreement                       2026                            1,950               -                                   -
$865 million 2026 revolving credit facility                       2026                              865               -                                   -
total revolving credit facilities                                                      $5,665               $-                                  $-
(1)see note 17- short-term debt and credit facilities for further information on these programs.
(2)the short-term credit ratings of the new $1 billion commercial paper program (see note 17- short-term debt and credit facilities for further details on program) require bunge to keep same day unused committed borrowing capacity under its long-term committed credit facilities in an amount greater or equal to the amount of commercial paper issued and outstanding.
short and long-term debt-our short and long-term debt increased by $231 million to $4,882 million at december 31, 2023, from $4,651 million at december 31, 2022, primarily due to the draws on our $250 million february 2023 delayed draw term loan and $750 million delayed draw term loan and an increase in short-term bank borrowings, offset by the repayment of the 1.85% senior notes - euro in june 2023 and 5-year term loan agreement due 2024 in october 2023. for the year ended december 31, 2023, our average short and long-term debt outstanding was approximately $5,293 million compared to approximately $5,986 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. our long-term debt outstanding balance, including the current-portion of long-term debt, was $4,085 million at december 31, 2023 compared to $4,105 million at december 31, 2022.
the following table summarizes our short-term debt activity at december 31, 2023.
(us$ in millions)          outstandingbalance atdecember 31,2023                     weightedaverageinterestrate at december 31,2023                highestbalanceoutstandingduring2023                  averagebalanceduring2023                    weightedaverageinterestrateduring2023
bank borrowings(1)         $797                                                                               8.36                 %                                 $955                                         $685                                                19.26              %
commercial paper           -                                                                                     -                 %                                  483                                           79                                                 5.54              %
total                      $797                                                                               8.36                 %                                                                              $764                                                17.84              %
(1)includes $179 million of local currency bank borrowings in certain european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 15.30% as of december 31, 2023.
from time to time, through our financing subsidiaries, we enter into bilateral short-term credit lines as necessary based on our financing requirements. at december 31, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under these bilateral short-term credit lines. in addition, bunge's operating companies had $797 million and $546 million in short-term borrowings outstanding from local bank lines of credit at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to support working capital requirements.
as described in note 2- acquisitions and dispositions, we have secured a total of $8.0 billion in acquisition financing in the form of a $7.7 billion financing commitment from a consortium of lenders, arranged by sumitomo mitsui banking corporation and a $300 million 5-year delayed draw term loan from cobank and the u.s. farm credit system executed on july 7, 2023 that may be drawn upon the closing of the acquisition. the commitment for the $7.7 billion financing commitment is in the form of a three-tranche term loan maturing 364-days, 2-years and 3-years from closing of the acquisition. we intend to use a portion of the acquisition financing to fund the cash portion of the transaction consideration, and the remainder for repayment of certain indebtedness of viterra which is expected to be repaid at closing and for the ongoing operations of the combined company following closing.
the following table summarizes our short and long-term debt:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                                     2023                        2022
short-term debt: (1)
short-term debt (2)                                                                               $797                        $546
current portion of long-term debt                                                                    5                         846
total short-term debt                                                                              802                       1,392
long-term debt: (3)
term loan due 2024 - three-month tonar plus 0.75% (tranche a) (4)                                    -                         232
term loan due 2024 - three-month sofr plus 1.40% (tranche b) (4)                                     -                          90
term loan due 2025 - sofr plus 0.90%                                                               750                           -
term loan due 2027 - sofr plus 1.125%                                                              250                           -
term loan due 2028 - sofr plus 1.325%                                                              249                         249
1.85% senior notes due 2023 - euro (5)                                                               -                         853
1.63% senior notes due 2025                                                                        598                         597
3.25% senior notes due 2026                                                                        698                         698
3.75% senior notes due 2027                                                                        597                         597
2.75% senior notes due 2031                                                                        991                         990
cumulative adjustment to long-term debt from application of hedge accounting                     (260)                       (341)
other                                                                                              212                         140
subtotal                                                                                         4,085                       4,105
less: current portion of long-term debt                                                            (5)                       (846)
total long-term debt (6)                                                                         4,080                       3,259
total debt                                                                                      $4,882                      $4,651
(1)    includes secured debt of $200 million and $56 million at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively.
(2)    includes $179 million and $207 million of local currency borrowings in certain european, south american, and asia-pacific countries at a weighted average interest rate of 15.30% and 32.12% as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively.
(3)    variable interest rates are as of december 31, 2023.
(4)    on october 6, 2023, bunge prepaid and terminated its 5-year term loan agreement due in 2024.
(5)    upon maturity in june 2023, bunge repaid the principal and accrued interest due on all of the issued and outstanding 1.85% senior notes - euro.
(6)    includes secured debt of $100 million and $21 million at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively.
credit ratings-bunge's debt ratings and outlook by major credit rating agencies at december 31, 2023 were as follows:
short-termdebt(1)       long-term         outlook debt standard &amp; poor's         a-2                     bbb+              positive moody's                       p-2                     baa2              review for upgrade fitch                         f-2                     bbb               rating watch positive
(1)short-term debt rating applies only to $1 billion commercial paper program with bunge limited finance corp. as the issuer.
following the announcement of the acquisition, all three rating agencies reviewed our credit ratings and published updated credit opinions on us, reflecting their views of the credit profile of the company both on a current standalone basis, and a pro-forma at closing basis. based on its review, standard and poor's upgraded our credit rating to bbb+ and further placed us on positive outlook for an upgrade to a-. moody's kept our credit rating unchanged at baa2 and placed us on a review for upgrade to baa1. fitch kept our credit rating unchanged at bbb and placed us on credit watch positive for an upgrade to bbb+. we expect standard and poor's, moody's and fitch to resolve their positive outlook, review for upgrade and credit watch positive status respectively at or before the closing date of the acquisition, based on a variety of factors including but not limited to our operating performance, our financial position and high certainty that the acquisition will close.
on june 21, 2023, standard & poor's and moody's assigned short-term ratings to the $1 billion commercial paper program of a-2 and p-2, respectively. subsequently, on august 11, 2023, fitch assigned f-2 rating to the program.
our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt. however, credit rating downgrades would increase borrowing costs under our credit facilities and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the capital markets in the future on competitive terms. a significant increase in our borrowing costs could impair our ability to compete effectively in our business relative to competitors with higher credit ratings.
our credit facilities and certain senior notes require us to comply with specified financial covenants, including minimum current ratio, maximum debt to capitalization ratio, and limitations on secured indebtedness. we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2023.
trade receivable securitization program bunge and certain of its subsidiaries participate in a trade receivables securitization program (the "program") with a financial institution, as administrative agent, and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (collectively, the "purchasers"). the program is designed to enhance our financial flexibility by providing an additional source of liquidity for our operations. as referenced in note 4 - trade accounts receivable and trade receivables securitization program, the aggregate size of the program is $1.5 billion, with an accordion feature of $1 billion. the program terminates on may 17, 2031; however, each committed purchaser's commitment to purchase trade receivables under the program will terminate on december 17, 2024, with a feature that permits us to request 364-day extensions.
the program's current pledge structure results from a november 16, 2022 amendment which replaced the existing dpp structure. under the new structure, bunge securitization b.v. ("bsbv"), a consolidated bankruptcy remote special purpose entity, transfers certain trade receivables to the purchasers in exchange for a cash payment up to the aggregate size of the program. bunge also retains ownership of a population of unsold receivables. bsbv agrees to guaranty the collection of sold receivables and grants a lien to the administrative agent on all unsold receivables. collections on unsold receivables and guarantee payments are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. previously, under the dpp structure, we reflected cash flows related to the dpp as investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
under the program's previous structure, bunge's risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables was limited to the dpp, included in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. the dpp was repaid in cash as receivables were collected, generally within 30 days. under the amended structure, bunge's risk of loss following the sale of the trade receivables is substantially the same and limited to the assets of bsbv, primarily comprised of unsold receivables pledged to the administrative agent.
interest rate swap agreements we may use interest rate swaps in hedge accounting relationships and record the swaps at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded contemporaneously in earnings. additionally, the carrying amount of the associated debt is adjusted through earnings for changes in fair value due to changes in benchmark interest rates. see note 16- derivative instruments and hedging activities to our consolidated financial statements.
equity total equity is set forth in the following table:
december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                            2023                        2022
common shares                                                                              $-                          $1
registered shares                                                                           1                           -
additional paid-in capital                                                              5,900                       6,692
retained earnings                                                                      12,077                      10,222
accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                  (6,054)                     (6,371)
treasury shares, at cost (2023-16,109,804 and 2022-18,835,812) (1)                    (1,073)                     (1,320)
total bunge shareholders' equity                                                       10,851                       9,224
noncontrolling interests                                                                  963                         732
total equity                                                                          $11,814                      $9,956
(1)     in connection with the redomestication described in note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation, and significant accounting policies, 8,102,179 shares held in treasury with an acquisition cost of $845 million were cancelled to comply with the swiss code limitation on issuer's holding of registered share capital.
total bunge shareholders' equity was $10,851 million at december 31, 2023 compared to $9,224 million at december 31, 2022. the increase in bunge shareholders' equity during the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily due to $2,243 million of net income attributable to bunge, $317 million of other comprehensive income, as described in note 23- equity, $69 million of share-based compensation expense partially offset by $600 million of share repurchases, as described in note 23- equity, and $386 million of declared dividends to shareholders.
noncontrolling interests increased to $963 million at december 31, 2023 from $732 million at december 31, 2022 primarily due to $95 million of net income attributable to our noncontrolling interest entities, $91 million related to the acquisition of noncontrolling interest in terminal de granéis de santa catarina ("tgsc") (see note 11- investments in affiliates and variable interest entities for further details), and $56 million of contributions from noncontrolling interests, partially offset by $17 million of dividends paid to noncontrolling interest holders.
share repurchase program - as noted in note 2- acquisitions and dispositions, on june 12, 2023, bunge limited's board approved the expansion of the existing $500 million program for the repurchase of our issued and outstanding common shares. at the time, approximately $300 million of capacity for the repurchase of bunge limited common shares remained available under the existing program and bunge limited's board approved the expansion of the program by an additional $1.7 billion, for an aggregate unutilized capacity of $2.0 billion at june 12, 2023. the program continues to have an indefinite term. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2023, bunge repurchased 5,407,861 shares for $600 million. as of december 31, 2023, 7,516,976 shares were repurchased for $800 million and $1.4 billion remained outstanding for repurchases under the program.
subsequent to the consolidated balance sheet date, from december 31, 2023 through february 21, 2024, bunge repurchased an additional 3,319,987 shares for $301 million. therefore, as of february 21, 2024, 10,836,963 shares were repurchased for $1.1 billion and $1.1 billion remains outstanding for repurchases under the program.
cash flows year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                                                              2023                              2022
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                                                                        $3,308                          $(5,549)
cash (used for) provided by investing activities                                                                       (1,009)                             6,499
cash used for financing activities                                                                                       (856)                             (769)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and cash held for sale                       28                                66
net increase in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and cash held for sale                                      $1,471                              $247
our cash flows from operations vary depending on, among other items, the market prices and timing of the purchase and sale of our inventories. generally, during periods when commodity prices are rising, our agribusiness operations require
52
increased use of cash to support working capital to acquire inventories and fund daily settlement requirements on exchange traded futures that we use to minimize price risk related to the purchase and sale of our inventories.
2023 compared to 2022
for the year ended december 31, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and cash held for sale increased $1,471 million, compared to an increase of $247 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
operating: cash provided by operating activities was $3,308 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, an increase of $8,857 million compared to cash used for operating activities of $5,549 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily due to net changes in working capital, driven by lower average commodity prices, and decreased beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables, due to a change in structure of the securitization program discussed above.
year ended december 31,
(us$ in millions)                                                                                   2023   2022
cash provided by (used for) operating activities                                             $3,308                          $(5,549)
net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables (1)                       87                             6,824
cash provided by operating activities, adjusted                                              $3,395                            $1,275
(1)    on november 16, 2022, bunge and certain of its subsidiaries amended its trade receivables securitization program from a dpp structure to a pledge structure, see above for further details.
cash provided by operating activities, including net proceeds from beneficial interest in securitized trade receivables was $3,395 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $1,275 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was driven by net working capital changes, driven by lower average commodity prices, as well as higher net income during the year ended december 31, 2023.
certain of our non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are primarily funded with u.s. dollar-denominated debt, while currency risk is hedged with u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the functional currency of our operating subsidiaries is generally the local currency. the financial statements of our subsidiaries are calculated in the functional currency, and when the local currency is the functional currency, translated into u.s. dollars. u.s. dollar-denominated loans are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates at the applicable balance sheet date. also, certain of our u.s. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the u.s. are partially funded with local currency borrowings, while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets. local currency loans in u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries outside the u.s. are remeasured into u.s. dollars at the exchange rate on the applicable balance sheet date. the resulting gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses) - net. for the year ended december 31, 2023 we recorded a foreign currency gain on net debt of $281 million versus a foreign currency gain on net debt for the year ended december 31, 2022 of $101 million, which were included as adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used for) operating activities in the line item "foreign exchange (gain) loss on net debt" in our consolidated statements of cash flows. this adjustment is required as the gains and losses are non-cash items that arise from financing activities and therefore will have no impact on cash flows from operations.
investing: cash used for investing activities was $1,009 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $6,499 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, a decrease of $7,508 million. the decrease was primarily due to lower net proceeds from beneficial interests in securitized trade receivable as a result of the change in the program structure above, and higher capital expenditures including the acquisition of the avondale refinery. additionally, lower proceeds were received on the sale of our russian operations during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to proceeds received from the sale of our mexican wheat milling business during the year ended december 31, 2022.
financing: cash used for financing activities was $856 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, an increase of $87 million, compared to cash used for financing activities of $769 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. for the year ended december 31, 2023, we received net cash proceeds from short-term and long-term debt of $200 million, primarily from delayed term draw loans of $750 million and $250 million as well as increased short term bank borrowings, offset by the repayment of the 1.85% senior notes - euro in june 2023 and a 5-year loan agreement due in 2024, repurchased $600 million of common shares, and paid $383 million in dividend payments to common shareholders. for the year ended december 31, 2022, we made net cash repayments from short-term and long-term debt of $708 million, paid $349 million in dividends to our common and preference shareholders, repurchased $200 million of common shares, and paid $102 million to acquire an additional 10% ownership interest from redeemable noncontrolling interest holders in our subsidiary, bunge loders croklaan group b.v. these cash outflows were partially offset by $542 million in cash received from the sale of noncontrolling interests,
53
including upon formation of the bunge chevron jv, and $92 million in proceeds from the exercise of options for common shares.
capital expenditures our cash payments made for capital expenditures were $1,122 million and $555 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we intend to make capital expenditures in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in 2024. our priorities for 2024 are to maintain the cash generating capacity of our assets through non-discretionary projects, such as maintenance, safety and compliance, as well as discretionary investments in growth and productivity projects, focusing on our strategy to strengthen our oilseeds platform, increase participation in biofuels and plant-based proteins, and grow our value-added oils business. these discretionary and non-discretionary capital investments will also help us achieve certain of our environmental and sustainability related objectives. we intend to fund these capital expenditures primarily with cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees we have issued or were party to the following guarantees at december 31, 2023:
(us$ in millions)                               recorded liability                      maximum potential future payments unconsolidated affiliates guarantee (1)         $-                                            $94
residual value guarantee (2)                    -                                             388
russia disposition indemnity (3)                9                                             235
other guarantees                                -                                              14
total                                           $9                                           $731
(1)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions related to debt of certain of our unconsolidated affiliates. the terms of the guarantees are equal to the terms of the related financings, which have maturity dates through 2034. there are no recourse provisions or collateral that would enable us to recover any amounts paid under these guarantees. in addition, certain of our subsidiaries have guaranteed the obligations of certain of their unconsolidated affiliates and in connection therewith have secured their guarantee obligations through a pledge to the financial institutions of certain of their unconsolidated affiliates' shares plus loans receivable from the unconsolidated affiliates in the event that the guaranteed obligations are enforced.
based on the amounts drawn under guaranteed debt facilities of unconsolidated affiliates at december 31, 2023, our potential liability was $83 million, and less than $1 million of obligations related to these guarantees have been recorded within other non-current liabilities.
(2)we have issued guarantees to certain financial institutions that are party to certain operating lease arrangements for railcars, barges and buildings. these guarantees provide for a minimum residual value to be received by the lessor at the conclusion of the lease term. these leases expire at various dates from 2024 through 2029. at december 31, 2023, no obligation has been recorded related to these guarantees. any obligation recorded would be recognized in current operating lease obligations or non-current operating lease obligations. (see note 26- leases, to our consolidated financial statements).
(3)on february 3, 2023, bunge agreed to indemnify the buyer of its russian operations against certain existing legal claims involving bunge's former russian subsidiary. the indemnity expires on february 2, 2030. as of december 31, 2023, we recorded a $9 million obligation related to this indemnity within other non-current liabilities.
54
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations and their expected maturities at december 31, 2023, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in the future periods indicated.
payments due by period
(us$ in millions)                                          total            2024       2025 - 2026       2027 - 2028        2029 and thereafter short-term debt                                         $797            $797              $-                $-                      $-
long-term debt, including current portion(1)           4,361               9           2,142             1,135                   1,075
variable interest rate obligations                       303              80             129                66                      28
interest obligations on fixed rate debt                  390              88             155                78                      69
non-cancelable lease obligations(2)                    1,086             338             345               139                     264
capital commitments                                      219             219               -                 -                       -
freight supply agreements(3)                             507             507               -                 -                       -
inventory purchase commitments                           283             270              13                 -                       -
power supply purchase commitments                         97              26              32                21                      18
other commitments and obligations(4)                     509             282             117                75                      35
total contractual cash obligations(5)                 $8,552          $2,616          $2,933            $1,514                  $1,489
(1)includes components of long-term debt attributable to unamortized premiums of $16 million and excludes components of long-term debt attributable to fair value hedge accounting of $260 million.
(2)represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable leases with initial terms of one year or more. minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease income receipts of $115 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases.
(3)represents purchase commitments for time on ocean freight vessels and railroad freight lines for the purpose of transporting agricultural commodities. the ocean freight service agreements are short term contracts with a duration of less than a year. ocean freight service agreements with terms in excess of one year are included in non-cancelable lease obligations. the railroad freight service agreements require a minimum monthly payment regardless of the actual level of freight services used. the costs of our freight supply agreements are typically passed through to our customers as a component of the prices we charge for our products. however, changes in the market value of such freight services compared to the rates at which we have contracted them may affect margins on the sales of agricultural commodities.
(4)represents other purchase commitments and obligations, such as take-or-pay contracts, throughput contracts, and debt commitment fees.
(5)does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. as of december 31, 2023, bunge had uncertain income tax liabilities of $68 million, including interest and penalties. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with these tax liabilities; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table. see note 14- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we expect to contribute $24 million to our defined benefit pension plans and $4 million to our postretirement benefit plans in 2024.
critical accounting policies and estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make substantial judgment or estimation in their application that may significantly affect reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency financial statements our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. the functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. the determination of functional currency may require significant judgment to identify the currency of the primary economic environment in which a subsidiary operates. this may include an evaluation of a number of economic factors including, cash flow, sales price, sales market, expense, and financing indicators, as well, as the extent of the subsidiary's intra-entity transactions. however, in accordance with u.s. gaap, if a foreign entity's economy is determined to be highly inflationary, then such foreign entity's financial statements are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency.
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. the resulting exchange gain or loss is included in our consolidated statements of income as foreign exchange gains (losses) - net unless the remeasurement gain or loss relates to an intercompany transaction that is of a long-term investment nature and for which settlement is neither planned nor anticipated in the foreseeable future, in which case the remeasurement gain or loss is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in our consolidated balance sheets.
at period-end, amounts included in the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity are translated using average exchange rates during each period. assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates and resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
inventories and commodity derivatives our rmi, forward rmi purchase and sale contracts, and exchange-traded futures and options are primarily valued at fair value. rmi are freely-traded, have quoted market prices, may be sold without significant additional processing and have predictable and insignificant disposal costs (see note 5- inventories to our consolidated financial statements for rmi balances as of december 31, 2023). we estimate the fair values of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories based on commodity futures exchange quotations, broker or dealer quotations, or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("otc") markets with appropriate adjustments for differences in local markets where our inventories are located. certain inventories may utilize significant unobservable data related to local market adjustments to determine fair value. the significant unobservable inputs for rmi and physically-settled forward purchase and sale contracts relate to certain management estimates regarding transportation costs and other local market or location-related adjustments, primarily freight-related adjustments in the interior of brazil and the lack of market corroborated information in canada. in both situations, we use proprietary information such as purchase and sale contracts and contracted prices to value freight, premiums, and discounts in our contracts. counterparty credit and performance risk on forward commodity purchase and sale contracts is included in the determination of fair value. from time to time, we have experienced instances of counterparty non-performance as a result of significant declines in counterparty profitability under these contracts due to movements in commodity prices between the time the contracts were executed and the contractual forward delivery period. however, based on historical experience with our suppliers and customers, our own credit risk, and knowledge of current market conditions, we do not view non-performance risk to be a significant input to fair value for the majority of our forward commodity purchase and sale contracts.
changes in the fair values of these inventories and contracts are recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of cost of goods sold. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair values, amounts reported as inventories and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts in the consolidated balance sheets and cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of income could differ. additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories, unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts, and cost of goods sold could differ. see note 15- fair value measurements to our consolidated financial statements for further details of commodity inventories and forward purchase and sale contracts on these inventories carried at fair value.
derivatives - designated hedging activities we manage currency risk on certain forecasted purchases, sales and selling, general and administrative expenses with currency forwards designated as cash flow hedges. assuming normal market conditions, the change in the market value of such derivative instruments has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item. gains and losses arising from open and closed hedging transactions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of applicable income taxes, and recognized as a component of earnings in the consolidated statement of income in the same caption as the hedged items when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. if it is determined that the derivative hedging instruments are no longer effective at offsetting changes in the price of the hedged item, then the changes in the market value of the derivative instrument would be recorded immediately in the consolidated statements of income in the same caption as the hedged items. see note 16- derivative instruments and hedging activities to our consolidated financial statements for further details and impacts of cash flow hedges on the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill when we acquire a business, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market participants, projected growth rates, the amounts and timing of future cash flows, the discount rates applied to the cash flows, and the determination of useful life of an asset.
our goodwill balance is not amortized to expense. instead, it is tested for impairment at least annually. we generally perform our annual impairment analysis during the fourth quarter. if events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment analyses, we perform an impairment analysis at that date. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant asset. in testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) determine our reporting units; (2) allocate goodwill to our various reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (3) determine the carrying value, or book value, of our reporting units; (4) estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model and/or using market multiples; (5) compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value; and (6) if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment charge for such amount, but not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis, including the identification of our reporting units, identification and allocation of the assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units, and determination of fair value. in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic impairment analysis, we make estimates and significant judgments about the future cash flows of that reporting unit aligned with management's strategic business plans. changes in judgment related to these assumptions and estimates could result in goodwill impairment charges. we believe the assumptions and estimates used are appropriate based on the information currently available to management. estimates based on market earnings multiples of peer companies identified for the reporting unit may also be used, where available. critical estimates in the determination of fair value under the income approach include, but are not limited to, assumptions about variables such as commodity prices, crop and related throughput and production volumes, profitability, future capital expenditures, other expenses, and discount rates, all of which are subject to a high degree of judgment.
during the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed our annual impairment assessment and determined the estimated fair values of each of our goodwill reporting units exceeded each of their carrying values by a significant amount. see note 8- goodwill, to our consolidated financial statements.
property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight line basis. when facts and circumstances indicate the carrying values of these assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability is performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets to the undiscounted projected future cash flows to be generated by such assets from their use and ultimate disposal. if the carrying value of our assets is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss in the amount that carrying value exceeds fair value. impairment is recognized as a charge against results of operations. our judgments related to the expected useful lives of these assets and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of such assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance of the assets, changes in economic conditions and changes in operating performance. as we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of these assets, changes in these factors could cause us to realize material impairment charges. please refer to note 10- impairments to our consolidated financial statements for details of property, plant and equipment and other finite-lived intangible asset impairment charges recorded in the year ended december 31, 2023.
investments in affiliates we have investments in various unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for using the equity method, minus impairment. we review our investments annually or when an event or circumstances indicate that a potential decline in value may be other than temporary. we consider various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the length of time the fair value of the investment is expected to be below its carrying value, the financial condition, operating performance and near-term prospects of the affiliate, and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the fair value. during the second quarter of 2023, certain of the above factors indicated an other than temporary decline in value of our investment in australia plant proteins ("app"), a start-up manufacturer of novel protein ingredients. as a result of the impairment, there is no carrying value associated with the equity method investment in app at december 31, 2023. critical estimates in the determination of the fair value include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows, revenue growth, and discount rates. if we used different methods or factors to estimate fair value, the amount of recorded impairment and the carrying value of our investments could differ. please refer to note 10- impairments and note 11- investments in affiliates and variable interest entities to our consolidated financial statements for further details.
contingencies we are a party to a large number of claims and lawsuits, primarily non-income tax and labor claims in brazil and non-income tax claims in argentina, and we make provisions for potential liabilities arising from such claims when we deem them probable and reasonably estimable. these estimates of probable loss have been developed in consultation with in-house and outside counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies relating to these proceedings. for more information on tax and labor claims in brazil, see "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 21- commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements.
income taxes we record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that we are likely to realize. we apply a "more likely than not" threshold to the recognition and de-recognition of tax benefits. accordingly, we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. we consider projections of future taxable income and prudent tax planning strategies to assess the need for and the amount of the valuation allowances. if we determine that we can realize a deferred tax asset in excess of our net recorded amount, we decrease the valuation allowance, thereby decreasing income tax expense. conversely, if we determine that we are unable to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset, we increase the valuation allowance, thereby increasing income tax expense. during 2023, we increased valuation allowances by $321 million, primarily attributable to valuation allowance established on tax credits generated during the year where bunge believes a portion of the deferred tax asset is not more likely than not to be realized.
the calculation of our uncertain tax positions involves complexities in the application of intricate tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. future changes in judgment related to the ultimate resolution of unrecognized tax benefits will affect the earnings in the quarter of such change. at december 31, 2023, we had recorded uncertain tax positions of $68 million in our consolidated balance sheet. for additional information on income taxes, please refer to note 14- income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
recoverable taxes we evaluate the collectability of our recoverable taxes and record allowances if we determine that collection is doubtful. recoverable taxes include value-added taxes paid upon the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, raw materials and taxable services, as well as other transactional taxes, which can be recovered in cash or as compensation against income taxes, or other taxes we may owe, primarily in brazil and europe. management's assumption about the collectability of recoverable taxes requires significant judgment because it involves an assessment of the ability and willingness of the applicable federal or local government to refund the taxes. the balance of these allowances fluctuates depending on the sales activity of existing inventories, purchases of new inventories, percentages of export sales, seasonality, changes in applicable tax rates, cash payments by the applicable government agencies and the offset of outstanding balances against income or certain other taxes owed to the applicable governments, where permissible. at december 31, 2023, the allowance for recoverable taxes was $35 million. we continue to monitor the economic environment and events taking place in the applicable countries and in cases where we determine that recovery is doubtful, recoverable taxes are reduced by allowances for the estimated unrecoverable amounts.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1- nature of business, basis of presentation and significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
