item 1a. risk factors.
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results. we present these risk factors grouped by category, and the risks factors contained in each respective category are presented in order of their relative priority to us.
risks related to our business our inability to hire, retain and develop qualified employees, as well as the loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, could negatively impact our ability to retain existing business and generate new business.
our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop skilled and experienced personnel. there is significant competition from within the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. if we are not able to successfully attract, retain, develop and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
our success and future performance depends in part upon the continued services of our executive officers, senior management, and other highly skilled personnel. losing employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete customer engagements, which would adversely affect our results of operations. this risk may be increased by remote or hybrid working arrangements, which may make our employees more vulnerable to solicitations by competing firms. also, if any of our key employees were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. while our key employees are generally prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees and customers for a two-year period following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us. similarly, if an employee joins us from a competitor and is subject to enforceable restrictive covenants, we may be delayed in optimizing the employee's potential. in addition, regulation or legislation impacting the workforce or the ability to enforce employment-related restrictive covenants (due to state or federal laws or regulations), may lead to increased uncertainty and competition for talent.
in addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives. the succession plans and employment arrangements we have in place with certain key executives do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. the loss of our senior leaders or other key employees, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
a cybersecurity attack, or any other interruption in information technology and/or data security that may impact our operations or the operations of third parties that support us, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation.
we rely on information technology and third-party vendors to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and timely and accurately report information to carriers and which often involves secure processing of confidential sensitive, proprietary and other types of information. cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems we rely on may result from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, "phishing" attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, any of which could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. the risk of such cybersecurity breaches may be increased by our increased reliance on work-from-home or other remote work technologies. an interruption of our access to, or an inability to access, our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. if sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions. we have from time to time experienced cybersecurity incidents, such as malware infections, phishing campaigns and vulnerability exploit attempts, which to date have not had a material impact on our business.
additionally, we are an acquisitive organization and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk as we might not adequately identify weaknesses in the targets' information systems, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to attack. in the future, any material breaches of cybersecurity, or media reports of the same, even if untrue, could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers and revenue, loss of proprietary data, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard customers' information or financial losses. such losses may not be insured against or not fully covered through insurance we maintain.
we cannot entirely eliminate all risk of improper access to private information, and the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further system protections measures could increase significantly as cybersecurity threats increase. as these threats evolve, cybersecurity incidents will be more difficult to detect, defend against and remediate. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation.
our growth strategy depends, in part, on the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries, which may not be available on acceptable terms in the future or which, if consummated, may not be advantageous to us.
our growth strategy partially includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries. our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses into our operations, and expand into new markets requires us to implement and continuously improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. in addition, we compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that may have substantially greater resources than we do. if we are unable to identify appropriate acquisition targets, or if our competitors are more successful in identifying acquisition targets at favorable valuations, we may fail to achieve desired strategic goals and capabilities, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. acquisitions also involve a number of risks, such as diversion of management's attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired operations and retention of employees; increase in expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; entry into unfamiliar markets or lines of business; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of the acquisition earn-out payables; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. post-acquisition deterioration of operating performance could also result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges.
we have operations internationally, which may result in a number of additional risks or require more management time and expense than our domestic operations to achieve or maintain profitability.
we have substantial operations in the united kingdom, as well as operations in belgium, bermuda, canada, cayman islands, france, germany, hong kong, republic of ireland, italy, malaysia, the netherlands and united arab emirates. in the future, we intend to continue to consider additional international expansion opportunities. our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including:
•difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;
•less flexible employee relationships, which may make it difficult and expensive to terminate employees and which limits our ability to prohibit employees from competing with us after their employment ceases;
•difficulties in maintaining, or resistance to, our corporate culture;
•political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism and outbreaks of war) either in the united states or globally;
•coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones;
•unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;
•adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the u.s. or any of the international jurisdictions in which we operate;
•adverse changes in tax rates;
•variations in foreign currency exchange rates;
•legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices;
•governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from us, including to or from our operations outside the united states;
•burdens of complying with, and the risk of employees or third parties acting on our behalf violating, anti-corruption laws in foreign countries; and
•burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and international laws, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy issues.
rapid technological change may require additional resources and time to adequately respond to dynamics, which may adversely affect our business and operating results.
frequent technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance business. the internet, for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits and related information to customers and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions.
we are continuously taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities, including how we electronically interact with our customers and insurance carriers. maintaining, protecting and enhancing these capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to effectively maintain our information systems and data integrity, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or suffer other adverse consequences.
our technological development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect once they are completed or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in the accelerated recognition of expenses. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio regularly, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
we derive a significant portion of our commission revenues from a limited number of insurance companies, the loss of which could result in loss of capacity to write business, additional expense and loss of market share or a material decrease in our commissions.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, no more than 5.0% of our total core commissions was derived from insurance policies underwritten by one insurance company. should any insurance company seek to terminate its arrangements with us or to otherwise decrease the number of insurance policies underwritten for us, we believe that other insurance companies are available to underwrite the business, although some additional expense and loss of market share could result.
the occurrence of natural disasters could result in declines in profit-sharing contingent commissions or reduced insurer capacity, and may also subject our capitalized captive insurance facilities to claims expenses, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations our business is exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes, extreme weather or other climate events. the occurrence of any of these events may cause a decrease to our profit-sharing contingent commissions, which are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based primarily upon the profitability placed with such companies generally during the prior year. the occurrence of natural disasters could also result in reduced underwriting capacity by insurance carriers, making it more difficult for us to place business. if access to underwriting markets for certain lines of coverage becomes unavailable or difficult due to the impact of natural disasters, this may have a negative impact on our customers' access to coverage, which could in turn reduce our ability to place certain lines of coverage and negatively impact our business. natural disasters may also subject our insurance company subsidiary operations, including the capitalized captive insurance facilities in which we participate, to claims expenses.
because a significant portion of our businesses are concentrated in florida, california, massachusetts, georgia, michigan, and new york, as well as in the united kingdom, adverse economic conditions, natural disasters, or regulatory changes in these jurisdictions could adversely affect our financial condition.
a significant portion of our businesses are concentrated in florida, california, massachusetts, georgia, michigan, and new york, where for the year ended december 31, 2023, we derived approximately 20%, 8%, 8%, 7%, 7%, and 5% of our annual revenue, respectively. we believe the current regulatory environment for insurance intermediaries in these states is no more restrictive than in other states. the insurance business in the u.s. is primarily a state-regulated industry, and therefore, state legislatures may enact laws that adversely affect the insurance industry.
we also derived approximately 10% of our annual revenue from our businesses located in the united kingdom. the insurance business in the united kingdom is regulated at the national level by the financial conduct authority, which may enact laws or otherwise act in ways that adversely affect the insurance industry or our ability to continue acquiring businesses in the united kingdom.
because our business is concentrated in the jurisdictions identified above, we face greater exposure to unfavorable changes in regulatory conditions in those jurisdictions than insurance intermediaries whose operations are more diversified through a greater number of states and/or countries. in addition, the occurrence of adverse economic conditions, natural or other disasters, or other circumstances specific to or otherwise significantly impacting these jurisdictions could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (particularly in florida, where we have 54 offices and our headquarters, as well as in texas, where we have 17 offices), earthquakes (including in california, where we have 23 offices), power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and other natural or human-made disasters. our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. such coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.
our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture, or if we experience a significant change in management, management philosophy, or business strategy, our business may be harmed.
we believe that a significant contributor to our success has been our corporate culture as a lean, highly competitive, decentralized growth and profit-oriented sales and service organization. as we grow, including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired in connection with previous or future acquisitions, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our profitability and/or our ability to retain and recruit people of the highest integrity and quality who are essential to our future success. we may face pressure to change our culture as we grow, particularly if we experience difficulties in attracting competent employees who are willing to embrace our culture. remote and hybrid work arrangements may also negatively impact our ability to maintain our culture. in addition, as our organization grows and we are required (either by new regulations or otherwise) to implement more complex organizational structures, or if we experience a significant change in management, management philosophy or business strategy, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture, such as our decentralized sales and service operating model, which could negatively impact our future success.
our commission revenue could fluctuate as a result of factors outside of our control we derive significant revenue from commissions, but do not determine the insurance premiums on which our commissions are generally based. commission levels generally follow the same trend as premium levels, as they are a percentage of the premiums paid by the insureds. fluctuations in the premiums charged by the insurance carriers can therefore have a direct and potentially material impact on our results of operations. due to the cyclical nature of the insurance market and the impact of other market conditions on insurance premiums, commission levels may vary widely between accounting periods. a period of low or declining premium rates, generally known as a "soft" or "softening" market, generally leads to downward pressure on commission revenue and can have a material adverse impact on our commission revenue and operating margins. we could be negatively impacted by soft market conditions across certain sectors and geographic regions. in addition, insurance carriers may seek to reduce their expenses by reducing the commission rates payable to insurance agents or brokers such as us. the reduction of these commission rates, along with general volatility and/or declines in premiums, may significantly undermine our profitability. because we do not determine the timing or extent of premium pricing changes, it is difficult to accurately forecast our commission revenue, including whether they will significantly decline. as a result, we may have to adjust our plans for future acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, loan repayments and other expenditures to account for unexpected changes in revenue, and any decreases in premium rates may adversely affect the results of our operations.
in addition to movements in premium rates, our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by disintermediation and the growing availability of alternative methods for clients to meet their risk-protection needs. this trend includes a greater willingness on the part of corporations to self-insure, the use of captive insurers, and the presence of capital markets-based solutions for traditional insurance and reinsurance needs. further, the profitability of our risk and broking businesses depends in part on our ability to be compensated for the analytical services and other advice that we provide, including the consulting and analytics services that we provide to insurers. if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for all of our services, our margins and profitability could decline.
significant or sustained inflation could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including salary costs. significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. any sustained inflation or significant increases in inflation, such as the wage inflation experienced during the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, and interest rates could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to limited underwriting risk through our participation in capitalized captive insurance facilities, which may subject us to limited claims expenses from time to time, the company participates in capitalized captive insurance facilities for the purpose of facilitating additional underwriting capacity for our customers and to participate in underwriting results. while the company's underwriting risk through its participation in these facilities is limited, we may be subject to claims expenses associated with catastrophic weather events, such as those in the third quarter of 2022 associated with hurricane ian. our results of operations may be negatively impacted if any of the facilities incur claims expenses.
our f&i businesses may be negatively impacted by a slowdown in vehicles sales in the united states or by regulatory changes, including tax-related changes, affecting the sale of f&i products by vehicle dealers our f&i businesses earn commissions and fees from the sale of non-insurance warranty services and products by vehicle dealers. for the year ended december 31, 2023, we derived less than 4% of our annual total revenues from our f&i businesses. if there were a slowdown in vehicle sales in the united states or regulatory changes, including tax-related changes, affecting the sale of non-insurance warranty services and products by vehicle dealers, our f&i businesses may be negatively impacted, which may impact our results of operation.
changes in, or the termination of, certain programs administered by the u.s. federal government from which we derive revenues could adversely impact our results of operations.
we face the risk that the u.s. federal government modifies, discontinues, or otherwise limits our ability to derive revenues from certain federal programs, including failure by united states congress to appropriate funding for any such programs. these programs include the national flood insurance program, the social security disability benefits program or the federal crop insurance program, from which in the aggregate we derive less than 5% of our annual total revenues. if any of these risks materialize, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
due to inherent limitations, our system of disclosure and internal controls and procedures may not be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing management of all material information in a timely manner.
our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls over financial reporting and procedures will prevent all errors and fraud. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. these inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error or mistake. additionally, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of a control.
there can be no assurance that the design of any of our systems of controls will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
certain of our shareholders have significant control of the company.
at december 31, 2023, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members collectively beneficially owned approximately 16.3% of our outstanding common stock, of which j. hyatt brown, our chairman of the board, and his sons, j. powell brown, our president and chief executive officer, and p. barrett brown, our executive vice president and the president of our retail segment, beneficially owned approximately 15.8%. as a result, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members have significant influence over (i) the election of our board of directors, (ii) the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring shareholder approval and (iii) our affairs and policies.
risks related to legal, compliance and regulatory matters changes in data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, retention, handling, use, processing, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws evolve and may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. these laws apply to transfers of information among our affiliates, as well as to transactions we enter into with third-party vendors. for example, the european union adopted a comprehensive general data privacy regulation ("gdpr") in may 2016, which replaced the former eu data protection directive and related country-specific legislation. the gdpr became fully effective in may 2018 and requires companies to satisfy new requirements regarding the handling of personal and sensitive data, including its processing, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. failure to comply with gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. complying with the enhanced obligations imposed by the gdpr may result in significant costs to our business and require us to revise certain of our business practices. additionally, a judgement by the court of justice of the european union on schrems ii has made cross border data transfers to organizations outside of the european economic area more onerous and uncertain. in addition, legislators and regulators in the u.s. have enacted and are proposing new and more robust privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations in light of the recent broad-based cyber-attacks at a number of companies, including but not limited to the new york state department of financial services cybersecurity requirements for financial services companies, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 and the california privacy rights act. some states provide right of action for data breaches or for collection of certain categories of personal information without consent, which may result in increased litigation.
many statutory requirements, both in the united states and abroad, include obligations for companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving certain personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our vendors. in addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. these and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning data privacy and security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. data protection laws also include strict notification requirements for organizations related to confirmed or suspected breaches. with such a limited time available to validate indicators, there is an increased risk of reporting a false alarm or immaterial breach, which may lead to reputational damage despite there not being an actual data breach.
these and similar initiatives around the world could increase the cost of developing, implementing or securing our servers and require us to allocate more resources to improved technologies, adding to our technology and compliance costs. in addition, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
improper disclosure of confidential information could negatively impact our business.
we are responsible for maintaining the security and privacy of our customers' confidential and proprietary information and the personal data of their employees. we have put in place administrative, physical, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of this information; however, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be improperly disclosed or accessed. disclosure of this information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues.
the risk of non-compliance with non-u.s. laws, regulations and policies could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or strategic objectives.
in 2022, the company acquired grp (jersey) holdco limited and its business and the general insurance operating companies of bdb limited companies and in 2023 kentro capital limited (the "acquisitions"). the acquisitions introduce us to several new geographic markets, subjecting us to additional non-u.s. laws, regulations and policies which did not previously apply to us. these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, have become more stringent over time, could increase our cost of doing business, and could result in conflicting legal requirements. these laws and regulations include international labor and employment laws and data privacy requirements. we will be subject to the risk that we, our employees and our agents may take actions determined to be in violation of any of these laws, regulations or policies, for which we might be held responsible. actual or alleged violations could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil or criminal penalties, curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, competitive or reputational harm, litigation or regulatory action and other consequences that might adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or strategic objectives.
our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially adversely affected by certain actual and potential claims, regulatory actions and proceedings.
we are subject to various actual and potential claims, regulatory actions and other proceedings, including those relating to alleged errors and omissions in connection with the placement or servicing of insurance and/or the provision of services in the ordinary course of business, of which we cannot, and likely will not be able to, predict the outcome with certainty. because we often assist customers with matters involving substantial amounts of money, including the placement of insurance and the handling of related claims that customers may assert, errors and omissions claims against us may arise alleging potential liability for all or part of the amounts in question. also, the failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. claimants may seek large damage awards, and these claims may involve potentially significant legal costs, including punitive damages. such claims, lawsuits and other proceedings could, for example, include claims for damages based upon allegations that our employees or sub-agents failed to procure coverage, report claims on behalf of customers, provide insurance companies with complete and accurate information relating to the risks being insured or appropriately apply funds that we hold for our customers on a fiduciary basis. in addition, given the long-tail nature of professional liability claims, errors and omissions matters can relate to matters dating back many years.
our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected if, in the future, our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or if there is an increase in liabilities for which we self-insure. our ability to obtain professional indemnity insurance in the amounts and with the deductibles we desire in the future may be adversely impacted by general developments in the market for such insurance or our own claims experience. in addition, regardless of monetary costs, these matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and cause harm to our carrier, customer or employee relationships, or divert employees and management resources.
our business practices and compensation arrangements with insurance carriers are subject to uncertainty due to potential changes in regulations.
the business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by various governmental authorities. certain of our offices are parties to profit-sharing contingent commission agreements with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing commissions by insurance companies based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance companies and/or additional factors such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with those insurance companies. additionally, some of our offices are parties to supplemental commission agreements with certain insurance companies, which provide for commission rates in excess of standard commission rates to be applied to specific lines of business, such as group health business, and which are based primarily on the overall volume of business that such office or offices placed with those insurance companies. various state legislatures may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including laws prohibiting such arrangements, and addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. various state departments of insurance may also adopt new regulations addressing these matters which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we compete in a highly regulated industry, which may result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations.
we conduct business in each of the 50 states of the united states of america and are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by government agencies in each of those states. the primary purpose of such regulation and supervision is to provide safeguards for policyholders rather than to protect the interests of our shareholders, and it is difficult to anticipate how changes in such regulation would be implemented and enforced. as a result, such regulation and supervision could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing compliance costs, technology compliance, restricting the products or services we may sell, the markets we may enter, the methods by which we may sell our products and services, or the prices we may charge for our services and the form of compensation we may accept from our customers, carriers and third parties. the laws of the various state jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing of entities to transact business, licensing of agents, admittance of assets, regulating premium rates, approving policy forms, regulating unfair trade and claims practices, determining technology and data protection requirements, establishing reserve requirements and solvency standards, requiring participation in guarantee funds and shared market mechanisms, and restricting payment of dividends. also, in response to perceived excessive cost or inadequacy of available insurance, states have from time to time created state insurance funds and assigned risk pools, which compete directly, on a subsidized basis, with private insurance providers. we act as agents and brokers for such state insurance funds and assigned risk pools in california and new york as well as certain other states. these state funds and pools could choose to reduce the sales or brokerage commissions we receive. any such reductions, in a state in which we have substantial operations could affect the profitability of our operations in such state or cause us to change our marketing focus. further, state insurance regulators and the national association of insurance commissioners continually reexamine existing laws and regulations, and such reexamination may result in the enactment of insurance-related laws and regulations, or the issuance of interpretations thereof that adversely affect our business. certain federal financial services modernization legislation could lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years, which could result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations. other legislative developments that could adversely affect us include: changes in our business compensation model as a result of regulatory developments (for example, the affordable care act); and federal and state governments establishing programs to provide health insurance or, in certain cases, property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage that compete with or completely replace, insurance products offered by insurance carriers. also, as climate change issues become more prevalent, the u.s. and other governments are beginning to respond to these issues. this increasing governmental focus on climate change may result in new environmental regulations, new or enhanced reporting, diligence or disclosure rules that may negatively affect us and our customers and could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess, and report. this could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. these costs may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
increasing scrutiny and changing laws and expectations from regulators, investors and customers with respect to our environmental, social and governance ("esg") practices and disclosure may impose additional costs on us or expose us to reputational or other risks.
there is increased focus, including from governmental organizations, regulators (including the sec), investors and customers, on esg issues such as environmental stewardship, climate change, greenhouse gas emissions, diversity and inclusion, human rights, racial justice and workplace conduct. negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative comments in social media and other forums could damage our reputation if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately address any one or more of these issues. any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention and the willingness of customers and others to do business with us.
additionally, there has been increased regulatory focus on esg and sustainability. for example, laws and regulations related to esg issues continue to evolve, including in the u.s., the u.k. and the eu. new regulations may impose additional compliance or disclosure obligations on us. in particular, heightened demand for, and scrutiny of, esg and sustainable-related strategies and advice has increased the risk that we could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements, commonly referred to as "greenwashing" or that we have otherwise run afoul of regulation. such perceptions or accusations could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business. furthermore, perceptions of our efforts to achieve esg goals or advance esg and sustainable-related strategies may differ widely among stakeholders and could present risks to our reputation and business.
some investors have increased their emphasis on the esg practices of companies across all industries, including with respect to climate and human capital management. certain investors have developed their own esg ratings while others use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure a company's esg practices and make investment decisions or otherwise engage with the company to influence its practices in these areas. additionally, our customers may evaluate our esg practices and/or request that we adopt certain esg policies in order to work with us. also, organizations that provide ratings information to certain investors on esg matters may assign unfavorable ratings to the company, which may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment capital to other companies or industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our costs of capital.
new government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of esg oversight and new mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure. our failure to meet expectations, whether the expectations are set by us or by investors or other stakeholders, or to any other failure to make progress in this area on a timely basis, or at all, may negatively impact our reputation and our business.
proposed tort reform legislation, if enacted, could decrease demand for liability insurance, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
legislation concerning tort reform has been considered, from time to time, in the united states congress and in several state legislatures. among the provisions considered in such legislation have been limitations on damage awards, including punitive damages, and various restrictions applicable to class action lawsuits. enactment of these or similar provisions by congress, or by states in which we sell insurance, could reduce the demand for liability insurance policies or lead to a decrease in policy limits of such policies sold, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
risks related to our indebtedness and financing if we fail to comply with the covenants contained in certain of our agreements, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
at december 31, 2023, we believe we were in compliance with the financial covenants and other limitations contained in each of the credit agreements that govern out debt. however, failure to comply with material provisions of our covenants in these agreements or other credit or similar agreements to which we may become a party could result in a default, rendering them unavailable to us and causing a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. in the event of certain defaults, the lenders thereunder would not be required to lend any additional amounts to or purchase any additional notes from us and could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable. if the indebtedness under these agreements or our other indebtedness, were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full.
certain of our agreements contain various covenants that limit the discretion of our management in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may impact how we operate our business and prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. in particular, among other covenants, our debt agreements require us to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), adjusted for certain transaction-related items ("consolidated ebitda"), to consolidated interest expense and a maximum ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated ebitda. our compliance with these covenants could limit management's discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by further changes in the u.s. credit markets.
the failure of any lender under our revolving credit facility (which matures in 2026) (the "revolving credit facility") could adversely affect our ability to borrow on that facility, which over time could negatively impact our ability to consummate significant acquisitions or make other significant capital expenditures. tightening conditions in the credit markets in future years could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or renewals or refinancing.
we also have a significant amount of trade accounts receivable from some insurance companies with which we place insurance. if those insurance companies were to experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our industry changes in current u.s. or global economic conditions, including an extended slowdown in the markets in which we operate, may adversely affect our business.
if economic conditions were to worsen, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including declines in insurable exposure units, declines in insurance premium rates, the financial insolvency of insurance companies, or the reduced ability of customers to pay. also, if general economic conditions are poor, some of our customers may cease operations completely or be acquired by other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. if these customers are affected by poor economic conditions, but yet remain in existence, they may face liquidity problems or other financial difficulties that could result in delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. additionally, decreased underwriting capacity for insurance and reinsurance may create difficulty for us to place business, which may adversely impact our ability to earn revenue. any of these effects could decrease our net revenues and profitability.
our current market share may decrease as a result of disintermediation within the insurance industry, including increased competition from insurance companies, technology companies and the financial services industry, as well as the shift away from traditional insurance markets.
the insurance intermediary business is highly competitive and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers and insurance companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that may give them an advantage over us. other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our pricing and the ability of some of our customers to self-insure and the entrance of technology companies into the insurance intermediary business. a number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to agents and brokers. in addition, and to the extent that banks, securities firms, private equity funds and insurance companies affiliate, the financial services industry may experience further consolidation, and we therefore may experience increased competition from insurance companies and the financial services industry, as a growing number of larger financial institutions increasingly, and aggressively, offer a wider variety of financial services, including insurance intermediary services.
in addition, there has been an increase in alternative insurance markets, such as self-insurance, captives, risk retention groups and non-insurance capital markets, and we cannot be certain that such alternative markets will provide the same level of insurance coverage or profitability as traditional insurance markets.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by conditions that result in reduced insurer capacity.
our results of operations depend on the continued capacity of insurance carriers to underwrite risk and provide coverage, which depends in turn on those insurance companies' ability to procure reinsurance. capacity could also be reduced by insurance companies failing or withdrawing from writing certain coverages that we offer to our customers. we have no control over these matters. to the extent that reinsurance becomes less widely available or significantly more expensive, we may not be able to procure the amount or types of coverage that our customers desire and the coverage we are able to procure for our customers may be more expensive or limited.
quarterly and annual variations in our commissions that result from the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production may have unexpected effects on our results of operations.
our commission income (including profit-sharing contingent commissions and supplemental commissions) can vary quarterly or annually due to the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production. we do not control the factors that cause these variations. specifically, customers' demand for insurance products can influence the timing of renewals, new business and lost business (which includes policies that are not renewed), and cancellations. in addition, we rely on insurance companies for the payment of certain commissions. because these payments are processed internally by these insurance companies, we may not receive a payment that is otherwise expected from a particular insurance company in a particular quarter or year until after the end of that period, which can adversely affect our ability to forecast these revenues and therefore budget for significant future expenditures. quarterly and annual fluctuations in revenues based upon increases and decreases associated with the timing of new business, policy renewals and payments from insurance companies may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
over the last three years our profit-sharing contingent commissions generally have been in the range of 3.0% to 3.6% of our previous year's total core commissions and fees. due to, among other things, potentially poor macroeconomic conditions, the inherent uncertainty of loss in our industry and changes in underwriting criteria due in part to the high loss ratios experienced by insurance companies, we estimate the amount of profit-sharing contingent commissions we have earned for policies we have bound and are effective. further, we have no control over the ability of insurance companies to estimate loss reserves, which affects our ability to make profit-sharing calculations.
supplemental commissions are paid by insurance companies based upon the volume of business that we place with them and are generally paid over the course of the year. any decrease in their payment to us could adversely affect our results of operations, profitability and our financial condition.
we are exposed to intangible asset risk; specifically, our goodwill may become impaired in the future.
as of the date of the filing of our annual report on form 10-k for the 2023 fiscal year, we have $7.3 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. we perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2023 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of each reporting unit. a significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates could result in the need to perform an additional impairment analysis before the next annual goodwill impairment test. if determined that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, the appropriate adjustment would be recorded which could result in material charges that are adverse to our operating results and financial position. see note 1-"summary of significant accounting policies" and note 4-"goodwill" to the consolidated financial statements and "management's report on internal control over financial reporting."
additionally, the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets attributable to each business or asset group comprising the company is periodically reviewed by management to determine if there are events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. accordingly, if there are any such circumstances that occur during the year, we assess the carrying value of our amortizable intangible assets by considering the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated by the corresponding business or asset group. any impairment identified through this assessment may require that the carrying value of related amortizable intangible assets be adjusted.
there have been no impairments recorded to either goodwill or amortizable intangibles for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
future pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious disease, and the resulting governmental and societal responses may materially and adversely affect the company's business, liquidity, customers, insurance carriers and third parties.
the covid-19 pandemic created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption, which could further adversely affect our business and may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we cannot predict the impact that future pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious disease, will have in the future on our customers, insurance carriers, suppliers and other third-party contractors, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. even after a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of infectious disease has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the global economic impact of these events. further, these events may affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks to our operations.
these and other disruptions related to pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious disease could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, the potential effects pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious disease also could impact and, in some cases, magnify many of our risk factors described in this annual report on form 10-k. additionally, any potential effects of pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious disease may lag behind the developments related to such events.
item 1b. unresolved staff comments.
none.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general company overview the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). in addition, see "information regarding non-gaap financial measures" below regarding important information on non-gaap financial measures contained in our discussion and analysis.
we are a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and services organization headquartered in daytona beach, florida. as an insurance intermediary, our principal sources of revenue are commissions paid by insurance companies and, to a lesser extent, fees paid directly by customers. commission revenues generally represent a percentage of the premium paid by an insured and are affected by fluctuations in both premium rate levels charged by insurance companies and the insureds' underlying "insurable exposure units," which are units that insurance companies use to measure or express insurance exposed to risk (such as property values, sales or payroll levels) to determine what premium to charge the insured. insurance companies establish these premium rates based upon many factors, including loss experience, risk profile and reinsurance rates paid by such insurance companies, none of which we control. we also participate in capitalized captive insurance facilities (the "captives") for the purpose of having additional capacity to place coverage, drive additional revenues and to participate in underwriting results. the captives focus on property insurance for earthquake and wind exposed properties underwritten by certain of our mgus and limit the company's exposure to claims expenses through reinsurance or by only participating in certain tranches of the underwriting.
we have increased revenues every year from 1993 to 2023, with the exception of 2009, when our revenues declined 1.0%. our revenues grew from $95.6 million in 1993 to $4.3 billion in 2023, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 13.5%. in the same 30-year period, we increased net income from $8.1 million to $870.5 million in 2023, a 16.9% compound annual growth rate.
the volume of business from new and existing customers, fluctuations in insurable exposure units, changes in premium rate levels, changes in general economic and competitive conditions, a reduction of purchased limits or the occurrence of catastrophic weather events all affect our revenues. for example, higher levels of inflation, an increase the value of insurable exposure units, or a general decline in economic activity, could increase or decrease the value of insurable exposure units. conversely, increasing costs of litigation settlements and awards could cause some customers to seek higher levels of insurance coverage. historically, we have grown our revenues as a result of our focus on net new business and acquisitions. we foster a strong, decentralized sales and service culture, which enables responsiveness to changing business conditions and drives accountability for results.
the term "core commissions and fees" excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions, and therefore represents the revenues earned directly from specific insurance policies sold, and specific fee-based services rendered. the net change in core commissions and fees reflects the aggregate changes attributable to: (i) net new and lost accounts; (ii) net changes in our customers' exposure units, deductibles or insured limits; (iii) net changes in insurance premium rates or the commission rate paid to us by our carrier partners; (iv) the net change in fees paid to us by our customers; and (v) any businesses acquired or disposed of.
we also earn profit-sharing contingent commissions, which are commissions based primarily on underwriting results, but in select situations may reflect additional considerations for volume, growth and/or retention. these commissions, which are included in our commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of income, are estimated and accrued throughout the year based on actual premiums written and knowledge, to the extent it is available, of losses incurred. payments are primarily received in the first and second quarters of each subsequent year, based upon the aforementioned considerations for the prior year(s), but may differ from the amount estimated and accrued due to the lack of complete loss information until paid. over the last three years, profit-sharing contingent commissions have averaged approximately 3.3% of commissions and fees revenue.
fee revenues primarily relate to services other than securing coverage for our customers, and for fees negotiated in lieu of commissions. fee revenues are generated by: (i) our services segment, which is primarily a fee-based business that provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas, as well as medicare set-aside services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services; (ii) our national programs and wholesale brokerage segments, which earn fees primarily for the issuance of insurance policies on behalf of insurance companies; and (iii) our retail segment in our large-account customer base, where we primarily earn fees for securing insurance for our customers, and in our automobile dealer services ("f&i") businesses where we earn fees for assisting our customers with creating and selling warranty and service risk management programs. fee revenues as a percentage of our total commissions and fees, represented 23.9% in 2023 and 25.8% in 2022.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, our commissions and fees growth rate was 17.9% and our consolidated organic revenue growth rate was 10.2%.
historically, investment income has consisted primarily of interest earnings on operating cash and where permitted, on premiums and advance premiums collected and held in a fiduciary capacity before being remitted to insurance companies. our policy as it relates to the company's capital is to invest available funds in high-quality, short-term money-market funds and fixed income investment securities. investment income also includes gains and losses realized from the sale of investments. other income primarily reflects other miscellaneous revenues.
income before income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased by $270.0 million, or 30.8% over 2022, driven by net new business, growth from existing customers, acquisitions we completed in the last 12 months and an increase in the (gain)/loss on disposal primarily associated with the divestiture of certain businesses within the services segment during the fourth quarter of 2023, which were partially offset by incremental operating costs, increased amortization expense as a result of acquisitions, along with higher interest expense associated with an increase in the reference rate associated with the portion of our debt that carries a floating rate, and an increase in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
information regarding non-gaap financial measures in the discussion and analysis of our results of operations, in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we provide references to the following non-gaap financial measures as defined in regulation g of the sec rules: total revenues - adjusted, organic revenue, ebitdac, ebitdac margin, ebitdac - adjusted and ebitdac margin - adjusted. we present these measures because we believe such information is of interest to the investment community and because we believe it provides additional meaningful methods to evaluate the company's operating performance from period to period on a basis that may not be otherwise apparent on a gaap basis due to the impact of certain items that have a high degree of variability, that we believe are not indicative of ongoing performance and that are not easily comparable from period to period. this non-gaap financial information should be considered in addition to, not in lieu of, the company's consolidated income statements and balance sheets as of the relevant date. consistent with regulation g, a description of such information is provided below and tabular reconciliations of this supplemental non-gaap financial information to our most comparable gaap information are contained in this annual report on form 10-k under "results of operations - segment information.
we view organic revenue and organic revenue growth as important indicators when assessing and evaluating our performance on a consolidated basis and for each of our four segments, because they allow us to determine a comparable, but non-gaap, measurement of revenue growth that is associated with the revenue sources that were a part of our business in both the current and prior year and that are expected to continue in the future. we also view total revenues - adjusted, ebitdac, ebitdac - adjusted, ebitdac margin and ebitdac margin - adjusted as important indicators when assessing and evaluating our performance, as they present more comparable measurements of our operating margins in a meaningful and consistent manner. as disclosed in our most recent proxy statement, we use organic revenue growth, and ebitdac margin - adjusted as key performance metrics for our short-term and long-term incentive compensation plans for executive officers and other key employees.
non-gaap revenue measures
•total revenues - adjusted is our total revenues, excluding foreign currency translation (as defined below).
•organic revenue is our core commissions and fees less: (i) the core commissions and fees earned for the first 12 months by newly acquired operations; (ii) divested business (core commissions and fees generated from offices, books of business or niches sold or terminated during the comparable period); and (iii) foreign currency translation (as defined below). the term "core commissions and fees" excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions and therefore represents the revenues earned directly from specific insurance policies sold and specific fee-based services rendered. organic revenue can be expressed as a dollar amount or a percentage rate when describing organic revenue growth.
non-gaap earnings measures
•ebitdac is defined as income before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
•ebitdac margin is defined as ebitdac divided by total revenues.
•ebitdac - adjusted is defined as ebitdac, excluding (i) (gain)/loss on disposal, (ii) acquisition/integration costs (as defined below), (iii) for 2023, the 1q23 nonrecurring cost (as defined below) and (iv) foreign currency translation (as defined below).
•ebitdac margin - adjusted is defined as ebitdac - adjusted divided by total revenues - adjusted.
definitions related to certain components of non-gaap measures
•"acquisition/integration costs" means the acquisition and integration costs (e.g., costs associated with regulatory filings, legal/accounting services, due diligence and the costs of integrating our information technology systems) arising out of our acquisitions of grp (jersey) holdco limited and its business ("grp"), orchid underwriters agency and crosscover insurance services ("orchid"), and bdb limited companies ("bdb"), which are not considered to be normal, recurring or part of the ongoing operations.
•"foreign currency translation" means the period-over-period impact of foreign currency translation, which is calculated by applying current-year foreign exchange rates to the various functional currencies in our business to our reporting currency of u.s. dollars for the same period in the prior year.
•"1q23 nonrecurring cost" means approximately $11.0 million expensed and substantially paid in the first quarter of 2023 to resolve a business matter, which is not considered to be normal, recurring or part of the ongoing operations.
our industry peers may provide similar supplemental non-gaap information with respect to one or more of these measures, although they may not use the same or comparable terminology and may not make identical adjustments and, therefore, comparability may be limited. this supplemental non-gaap financial information should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, the company's consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions part of our business strategy is to attract high-quality insurance intermediaries and service organizations to join our operations. from 1993 through the fourth quarter of 2023, we acquired 644 insurance intermediary operations.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, which are based upon a combination of historical experience and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the recognition of revenues, expenses, carrying values of our assets and liabilities, of which values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe that of our significant accounting and reporting policies, the more critical policies include our accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations and purchase price allocations, intangible asset impairments, non-cash stock-based compensation and reserves for litigation. in particular, the accounting for these areas is subject to uncertainty because it requires significant use of judgment to be made by management. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations.
revenue recognition the majority of our revenue is commissions derived from our performance as agents and brokers, acting on behalf of insurance carriers to sell products to customers that are seeking to transfer risk, and conversely, acting on behalf of those customers in negotiating with insurance carriers seeking to acquire risk in exchange for premiums. in the majority of these arrangements, our performance obligation is complete upon the effective date of the bound policy, as such, that is when the associated revenue is recognized. in some arrangements, where we are compensated through commissions, we also perform other services for our customer beyond binding of coverage. in those arrangements we apportion the commission between binding of coverage and other services based on their relative fair value and recognize the associated revenue as those performance obligations are satisfied. where the company's performance obligations have been completed, but the final amount of compensation is unknown due to variable factors, we estimate the amount of such compensation. we refine those estimates upon our receipt of additional information or final settlement, whichever occurs first.
to a lesser extent, the company earns revenues in the form of fees. like commissions, fees paid to us in lieu of commission, are recognized upon the effective date of the bound policy. when we are paid a fee for service, however, the associated revenue is recognized over a period of time that coincides with when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit of our work, which characterizes most of our claims processing arrangements and various services performed in our property and casualty, and employee benefits practices. other fees are typically recognized upon the completion of the delivery of the agreed-upon services to the customer.
to a much lesser extent, the company earns revenues in the form of net retained earned premiums in connection with the captives. these premiums are reported net of the ceded premiums for reinsurance and recognized evenly over the associated policy periods.
management determines a policy cancellation reserve based upon historical cancellation experience adjusted in accordance with known circumstances.
see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the nature and timing of our revenues.
business combinations and purchase price allocations we have acquired significant intangible assets through acquisitions of businesses. these assets generally consist of purchased customer accounts, non-compete agreements, and the excess of purchase prices over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired (goodwill). the determination of estimated useful lives and the allocation of purchase price to intangible assets requires significant judgment and affects the amount of future amortization and possible impairment charges.
in connection with acquisitions, we record the estimated value of the net tangible assets purchased and the value of the identifiable intangible assets purchased, which typically consist of purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements. purchased customer accounts include the right to represent insureds or claimants supported by the physical records and files obtained from acquired businesses that contain information about insurance policies, customers and other matters essential to policy renewals of delivery of services. their value primarily represents the present value of the underlying net cash flows expected to be received over the estimated future duration of the acquired customer relationships. the valuation of purchased customer accounts involves significant estimates and assumptions concerning matters such as cancellation frequency, expenses and discount rates. any change in these assumptions could affect the carrying value of purchased customer accounts. non-compete agreements are valued based upon their duration and any unique features of the particular agreements. purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related estimated lives and contract periods, which typically range from 3 to 15 years. the excess of the purchase price of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets is assigned to goodwill and is not amortized.
the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions, where an earn-out is part of the negotiated transaction. subsequent changes in the fair value of earn-out obligations are recorded in the consolidated statement of income as a result of updated expectations for the performance of the associated business.
the fair value of earn-out obligations is based upon the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the sellers of the acquired businesses in accordance with the provisions contained in the respective purchase agreements. in determining fair value, the acquired business's future performance is estimated using financial projections developed by management for the acquired business, and this estimate reflects market participant assumptions regarding revenue growth and/or profitability. the expected future payments are estimated based on the earn-out formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement compared to the associated financial projections. these estimates are then discounted to a present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration the likelihood that the forecast earn-out payments will be made.
intangible assets impairment goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment, measured by a fair-value-based test. amortizable intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives and are subject to an impairment review based upon an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the assets. to determine if there is potential impairment of goodwill, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. the company may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. if the company does not perform a qualitative assessment, or as a result of the qualitative assessment, it is not determined that the fair value of the reporting unit more likely than not exceeds the carrying amount, the company will calculate the fair value of the reporting unit for comparison against the carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss would be recorded to the extent that the fair value of the goodwill within the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. fair value is estimated based upon multiples of earnings, or on a discounted cash flow basis.
management assesses the recoverability of our goodwill and our amortizable intangibles and other long-lived assets annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. any of the following factors, if present, may trigger an impairment review: (i) a significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, (ii) a significant negative industry or economic trend, and (iii) a significant decline in our market capitalization. if the recoverability of these assets is unlikely because of the existence of one or more of the above-referenced factors, an impairment analysis is performed. management must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of these assets. if these estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to revise the assessment and, if appropriate, record an impairment charge. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2023 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. additionally, there have been no impairments recorded for amortizable intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
non-cash stock-based compensation we grant non-vested stock awards to our employees, with the related compensation expense recognized in the financial statements over the associated service period based upon the grant-date fair value of those awards, subject to any performance modification. during the performance measurement period, we review the probable outcome of the performance conditions associated with our performance awards quarterly and adjust the expense recognition accruals with the expected performance outcome.
during the first quarter of 2022, the performance conditions for approximately 1.3 million shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's 2010 sip and approximately 22,000 shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's 2019 sip were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to the performance-based grants issued in 2019 and 2021.
these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2021. the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to five years from the 2019 grant date and four years from the 2021 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable. as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges. the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share.
during the first quarter of 2023, the performance conditions for approximately 970,000 shares of the company's common stock granted under the under the company's 2019 sip were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to the performance-based grants issued in 2020 and 2022. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2022. the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to five years from the 2020 grant date and four years from the 2022 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable. as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges. the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share.
during the first quarter of 2024, the performance conditions for approximately 1,200,000 shares of the company's common stock granted under the under the company's 2019 sip were determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to the performance-based grants issued in 2021 and 2023. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2023. the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to five years from the 2021 grant date and four years from the 2023 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable. as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges. the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share.
litigation and claims we are subject to numerous litigation claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. if it is probable that a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss is estimable, an accrual for the costs to resolve these claims is recorded in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. professional fees related to these claims are included in other operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income as incurred. management, with the assistance of in-house and outside counsel, determines whether it is probable that a liability has been incurred and estimates the amount of loss based upon analysis of individual issues. new developments or changes in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters may significantly affect the required reserves and affect our net income.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022
the following discussion and analysis regarding results of operations and liquidity and capital resources should be considered in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. for a comparison of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, see part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 27, 2023.
financial information relating to our consolidated financial results is as follows:
(in millions, except percentages)                     2023                          % change        2022
revenues core commissions and fees                                       $4,069.5                17.1    %             $3,474.5
profit-sharing contingent commissions                              129.9                46.4    %                 88.7
investment income                                                   52.4                 nmf                       6.5
other income, net                                                    5.3                43.2    %                  3.7
total revenues                                                   4,257.1                19.1    %              3,573.4
expenses employee compensation and benefits                               2,186.6                20.3    %              1,816.9
other operating expenses                                           649.9                 8.9    %                596.8
(gain)/loss on disposal                                           (143.3   )             nmf                      (4.5   )
amortization                                                       166.0                13.2    %                146.6
depreciation                                                        40.0                 2.0    %                 39.2
interest                                                           190.0                34.6    %                141.2
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                   21.8              (156.0   )%                (38.9   )
total expenses                                                   3,111.0                15.3    %              2,697.3
income before income taxes                                       1,146.1                30.8    %                876.1
income taxes                                                       275.6                34.9    %                204.3
net income                                                        $870.5                29.6    %               $671.8
income before income taxes margin (1)                               26.9   %                                      24.5   %
ebitdac - adjusted (2)                                          $1,444.7                23.1    %             $1,173.8
ebitdac margin - adjusted (2)                                       33.9   %                                      32.7   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                     10.2   %                                       8.1   %
employee compensation and benefits relative                         51.4   %                                      50.8   %
to total revenues other operating expenses relative to total revenues                 15.3   %                                      16.7   %
capital expenditures                                               $68.9                31.0    %                $52.6
total assets at december 31,                                   $14,883.4                 6.5    %            $13,973.5
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure commissions and fees commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and earned premiums for 2023, increased $636.2 million to $4,199.4 million, or 17.9% over 2022. core commissions and fees in 2023 increased $595.0 million, composed of (i) $351.1 million of net new and renewal business, which reflects an organic revenue growth rate of 10.2%; (ii) $285.0 million from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2022; (iii) an increase from the impact from foreign currency translation of $9.9 million; and (iv) an offsetting decrease of $51.0 million related to commissions and fees revenue from business divested in the preceding 12 months. profit-sharing contingent commissions for 2023 increased by $41.2 million, or 46.4%, compared to the same period in 2022. this increase was the result of recent acquisitions and qualifying for certain profit-sharing contingent commissions in 2023 that we did not qualify for in the prior year, partially due to a quieter hurricane season in 2023 as compared to 2022.
investment income investment income for 2023 was $52.4 million, compared with $6.5 million in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by higher average interest rates compared to 2022.
other income, net other income for 2023 was $5.3 million, compared with $3.7 million in 2022. other income consists primarily of miscellaneous income and therefore can fluctuate between comparable periods.
employee compensation and benefits employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of total revenues was 51.4% for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to 50.8% for the year ended december 31, 2022, and increased 20.3%, or $369.7 million. this increase included $158.8 million of compensation costs related to stand-alone acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2022. therefore, employee compensation and benefits expense attributable to those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2023 and 2022 increased by $210.9 million or 12.3%. this underlying employee compensation and benefits expense increase was primarily related to: (i) an increase in staff salaries and bonuses attributable to new hires; (ii) an increase in producer compensation associated with revenue growth; (iii) an increase in non-cash stock-based compensation driven by the strong financial performance of the company and (iv) the year-over-year increase of approximately $46.5 million in the value of deferred compensation liabilities driven by changes in the market prices of our employees' investment elections associated with our deferred compensation plan, with such amount substantially offset within other operating expenses as we hold assets to fund these liabilities that closely match the investment elections of our employees.
other operating expenses other operating expenses represented 15.3% of total revenues for 2023 as compared to 16.7% for the year ended december 31, 2022. other operating expenses for 2023 increased $53.1 million, or 8.9%, from the same period of 2022. the net increase included: (i) $54.3 million of other operating expenses related to stand-alone acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2022; (ii) expenses of approximately $11.0 million to resolve a business matter during the first quarter of 2023 which is not considered to be normal, recurring or part of the ongoing operations; (iii) increased variable travel and entertainment costs, offset by (iv) the year-over-year increase of approximately $46.5 million in the value of assets held to fund the associated liabilities within our deferred compensation plan, which was substantially offset within employee compensation and benefits as noted above, and (v) prior year expenses of approximately $11.5 million recorded within our captives as a result of the estimated insured property claims associated with hurricane ian.
gain or loss on disposal the company recognized net gains on disposals of $143.3 million in 2023 and $4.5 million in 2022. the gains on disposal were due to activity associated with sales of businesses or book of business. although we do not routinely sell businesses or customer accounts, we periodically sell an office or a book of business (one or more customer accounts) that we believe does not produce reasonable margins or demonstrate a potential for growth, or because doing so is in the company's best interest. in 2023 we recorded a gain on disposal of $134.6 million in our services segment associated with the sale of certain third-party claims administration and adjusting services businesses in the fourth quarter of 2023.
amortization amortization expense for 2023 increased $19.4 million to $166.0 million, or 13.2% over 2022. this increase reflects the amortization of new intangibles from businesses acquired within the past 12 months, net of certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized or written off in the gain or loss on disposal.
depreciation depreciation expense for 2023 increased $0.8 million to $40.0 million, or 2.0% over 2022. changes in depreciation expense reflect net additions of fixed assets resulting from businesses acquired in the past 12 months and the addition of fixed assets resulting from business initiatives, net of the impact of fixed assets that became fully depreciated or written off in the gain or loss on disposal.
interest expense interest expense for 2023 increased $48.8 million to $190.0 million, or 34.6%, from 2022. the increase is due to higher average debt balances resulting from debt issuance and bank financing in the first quarter of 2022 to fund the acquisitions of orchid, grp, and bdb, as well as increases in the floating-rate benchmark associated with our adjustable-rate debt.
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805-business combinations is the authoritative guidance requiring an acquirer to recognize 100% of the fair value of acquired assets, including goodwill and assumed liabilities (with only limited exceptions) upon initially obtaining control of an acquired entity. additionally, the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements (such as earn-out purchase price arrangements) at the acquisition date must be included in the purchase price consideration. the recorded purchase price for acquisitions includes an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions. subsequent changes in these earn-out obligations are required to be recorded in the consolidated statement of income when incurred or reasonably estimated. estimations of potential earn-out obligations are typically based upon future earnings of the acquired operations or entities, usually for periods ranging from one to three years.
the net charge or credit to the consolidated statements of income for the period is the combination of the net change in the estimated acquisition earn-out payables liability, and the accretion of the present value discount on those liabilities.
as of december 31, 2023, the fair values of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables were reevaluated and measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (level 3) as defined in asc 820-fair value measurement. the resulting net changes, as well as the interest expense accretion on the estimated acquisition earn-out payables, for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
(in millions)                                                     2023          2022
change in fair value of estimated acquisition earn-out payables         $14.1       $(45.9      )
interest expense accretion                                                7.7       7.0
net change in earnings from estimated acquisition                       $21.8       $(38.9      )
earn-out payables for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of estimated earn-out payables was reevaluated and increased by $14.1 million for 2023 and decreased by $45.9 million for 2022, which are charges and credits respectively, exclusive of interest expense accretion, to the consolidated statements of income for 2023 and 2022.
as of december 31, 2023, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $249.2 million, of which $145.9 million was recorded as accounts payable and $103.3 million was recorded as other non-current liabilities. as of december 31, 2022, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $251.6 million, of which $119.3 million was recorded as accounts payable and $132.3 million was recorded as other non-current liabilities.
income taxes the effective tax rate on income from operations was 24.0% in 2023 and 23.3% in 2022.
results of operations - segment information as discussed in note 16 "segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we operate four reportable segments: retail, national programs, wholesale brokerage and services. on a segmented basis, changes in amortization, depreciation and interest expenses generally result from activity associated with acquisitions. likewise, other income consists primarily of miscellaneous income and therefore can fluctuate between comparable periods. as such, in evaluating the operational efficiency of a segment, management focuses on the organic revenue growth rate and ebitdac margin.
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statements of income to organic revenue, a non-gaap financial measure, including by segment, and the growth rates for organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023 are as follows:
2023                                                            retail(1)                              national programs                             wholesale brokerage                                   services                                          total
(in millions, except             2023                    2022                   2023                    2022                   2023                    2022                    2023                  2022                 2023                    2022
percentages)
commissions and fees                      $2,433.0               $2,080.4               $1,064.3                  $858.1                $539.0                    $452.8               $163.1                $171.9                $4,199.4               $3,563.2
total change                                $352.6                                        $206.2                                         $86.2                                          $(8.8   )                                    $636.2
total growth %                                16.9   %                                      24.0    %                                     19.0     %                                     (5.1   )%                                     17.9   %
profit-sharing contingent                    (49.9   )              (48.8   )              (65.2    )              (27.6   )             (14.8     )               (12.3   )             -                        -                  (129.9   )              (88.7   )
commissions core commissions and                      $2,383.1               $2,031.6                 $999.1                  $830.5                $524.2                    $440.5               $163.1                $171.9                $4,069.5               $3,474.5
fees acquisitions                                (203.5   )                  -                  (47.1    )                  -                 (34.4     )                   -                 -                        -                  (285.0   )                  -
dispositions                                     -                  (20.2   )                  -                   (18.0   )                 -                      (5.0   )             -                     (7.8   )                   -                  (51.0   )
foreign currency translation                     -                    8.8                      -                       -                     -                       1.1                 -                        -                       -                    9.9
organic revenue(2)                        $2,179.6               $2,020.2                 $952.0                  $812.5                $489.8                    $436.6               $163.1                $164.1                $3,784.5               $3,433.4
organic revenue                             $159.4                                        $139.5                                         $53.2                                          $(1.0   )                                    $351.1
growth(2)
organic revenue growth rate(2)                 7.9   %                                      17.2    %                                     12.2     %                                     (0.6   )%                                     10.2   %
(1)the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information table in note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items. excluding the amounts from the "other" column the growth in commissions and fees was 17.0%.
(2)a non-gaap financial measure.
the reconciliation of total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statements of income to organic revenue, a non-gaap financial measure, including by segment, and the growth rates for organic revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, by segment, are as follows:
2022                                                               retail(1)                             national programs                            wholesale brokerage                                   services                                          total
(in millions, except percentages)   2022                    2021                   2022                   2021                   2022                    2021                   2022                  2021                 2022                    2021
commissions and fees                         $2,080.4               $1,764.9                $858.1                  $701.1                $452.8                   $402.6               $171.9                $178.9                $3,563.2               $3,047.5
total change                                   $315.5                                       $157.0                                         $50.2                                         $(7.0   )                                    $515.7
total growth %                                   17.9   %                                     22.4    %                                     12.5     %                                    (3.9   )%                                     16.9   %
profit-sharing contingent                       (48.8   )              (38.9   )             (27.6    )              (35.3   )             (12.3     )               (8.0   )             -                        -                   (88.7   )              (82.2   )
commissions core commissions and fees                    $2,031.6               $1,726.0                $830.5                  $665.8                $440.5                   $394.6               $171.9                $178.9                $3,474.5               $2,965.3
acquisitions                                   (205.1   )                  -                 (64.9    )                  -                 (18.6     )                  -                 -                        -                  (288.6   )                  -
dispositions                                        -                   (7.2   )                 -                    (3.3   )                 -                     (2.4   )             -                     (1.9   )                   -                  (14.8   )
foreign currency translation                        -                   (3.9   )                 -                    (0.6   )                 -                        -                 -                        -                       -                   (4.5   )
organic revenue(2)                           $1,826.5               $1,714.9                $765.6                  $661.9                $421.9                   $392.2               $171.9                $177.0                $3,185.9               $2,946.0
organic revenue growth(2)                      $111.6                                       $103.7                                         $29.7                                         $(5.1   )                                    $239.9
organic revenue growth rate(2)                    6.5   %                                     15.7    %                                      7.6     %                                    (2.9   )%                                      8.1   %
(1)the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information table in note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.
(2)a non-gaap financial measure.
the reconciliation of total revenues to total revenues - adjusted, a non-gaap measure, income before incomes taxes, included in the consolidated statement of income, to ebitdac, a non-gaap measure, and ebitdac - adjusted, a non-gaap measure, and income before income taxes margin to ebitdac margin, a non-gaap measure, and ebitdac margin - adjusted, a non-gaap measure, including by segment, for the year ended december 31, 2023, is as follows:
(in millions)                                  retail             national         wholesale            services            other                total programs         brokerage total revenues                               $2,440.0             $1,077.3            $540.7              $163.1            $36.0             $4,257.1
total revenues - adjusted(2)                  2,440.0              1,077.3             540.7               163.1             36.0              4,257.1
income before income taxes                      528.4                405.5             125.8               153.8            (67.4   )          1,146.1
income before income taxes margin(1)             21.7   %             37.6   %          23.3   %            94.3   %          nmf                 26.9   %
amortization                                    108.5                 41.2              11.2                 5.1                -                166.0
depreciation                                     18.0                 11.8               2.6                 1.4              6.2                 40.0
interest                                         83.4                 35.6              11.9                 1.3             57.8                190.0
change in estimated acquisition                   1.5                 (0.1   )          20.4                   -                -                 21.8
earn-out payables ebitdac(2)                                     $739.8               $494.0            $171.9              $161.6            $(3.4   )         $1,563.9
ebitdac margin(2)                                30.3   %             45.9   %          31.8   %            99.1   %          nmf                 36.7   %
(gain)/loss on disposal                          (2.5   )             (6.2   )             -              (134.6   )            -               (143.3   )
acquisition/integration costs                    10.3                  0.2               0.5                   -              2.1                 13.1
1q23 nonrecurring cost                                                                                                       11.0                 11.0
ebitdac - adjusted(2)                          $747.6               $488.0            $172.4               $27.0             $9.7             $1,444.7
ebitdac margin - adjusted(2)                     30.6   %             45.3   %          31.9   %            16.6   %          nmf                 33.9   %
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure. current year not adjusted for foreign currency translation as the prior year is converted at current year rates.
nmf = not a meaningful figure the reconciliation of total revenues to total revenues - adjusted, a non-gaap measure, income before incomes taxes, included in the consolidated statement of income, to ebitdac, a non-gaap measure, and ebitdac - adjusted, a non-gaap measure, and income before income taxes margin to ebitdac margin, a non-gaap measure, and ebitdac margin - adjusted, a non-gaap measure, including by segment, for the year ended december 31, 2022, is as follows:
(in millions)                                  retail           national         wholesale          services           other                total programs         brokerage total revenues                               $2,084.3             $859.5            $453.4            $171.9            $4.3             $3,573.4
foreign currency translation                     10.6                0.2               1.3                 -               -                 12.1
total revenues - adjusted(2)                  2,094.9              859.7             454.7             171.9             4.3              3,585.5
income before income taxes                      466.7              271.1             117.7              24.1            (3.5   )            876.1
income before income taxes margin(1)             22.4   %           31.5   %          26.0   %          14.0   %         nmf                 24.5   %
amortization                                     96.7               35.4               9.4               5.1               -                146.6
depreciation                                     12.8               15.3               2.7               1.6             6.8                 39.2
interest                                         94.3               33.0              12.9               2.1            (1.1   )            141.2
change in estimated acquisition                 (26.3   )          (10.9   )          (1.7   )             -               -                (38.9   )
earn-out payables ebitdac(2)                                     $644.2             $343.9            $141.0             $32.9            $2.2             $1,164.2
'ebitdac margin(2)                               30.9   %           40.0   %          31.1   %          19.1   %         nmf                 32.6   %
(gain)/loss on disposal                          (8.4   )            0.8               3.1                 -               -                 (4.5   )
acquisition/integration costs                     7.6                0.5               1.5                 -             1.6                 11.2
foreign currency translation                      3.0                  -               0.1                 -            (0.2   )              2.9
ebitdac - adjusted(2)                          $646.4             $345.2            $145.7             $32.9            $3.6             $1,173.8
ebitdac margin - adjusted(2)                     30.9   %           40.2   %          32.0   %          19.1   %         nmf                 32.7   %
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure retail segment the retail segment provides a broad range of insurance products and services to commercial, public and quasi-public, professional and individual insured customers, and non-insurance risk-mitigating products through our automobile dealer services ("f&i") businesses. approximately 78% of the retail segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission based.
financial information relating to our retail segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
(in millions, except percentages)                               2023                          % change        2022
revenues core commissions and fees                                                 $2,384.8                17.3    %             $2,032.8
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                         49.9                 2.3    %                 48.8
investment income                                                              1.3                 nmf                       0.1
other income, net                                                              4.0                53.8    %                  2.6
total revenues                                                             2,440.0                17.1    %              2,084.3
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                         1,301.0                19.0    %              1,093.0
other operating expenses                                                     401.7                13.0    %                355.5
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                       (2.5   )           (70.2   )%                 (8.4   )
amortization                                                                 108.5                12.2    %                 96.7
depreciation                                                                  18.0                40.6    %                 12.8
interest                                                                      83.4               (11.6   )%                 94.3
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                              1.5              (105.7   )%                (26.3   )
total expenses                                                             1,911.6                18.2    %              1,617.6
income before income taxes                                                  $528.4                13.2    %               $466.7
income before income taxes margin (1)                                         21.7   %                                      22.4   %
ebitdac - adjusted (2)                                                      $747.6                15.7    %               $646.4
ebitdac margin - adjusted (2)                                                 30.6   %                                      30.9   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                                7.9   %                                       6.5   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues                 53.3   %                                      52.4   %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                           16.5   %                                      17.1   %
capital expenditures                                                         $45.5               144.6    %                $18.6
total assets at december 31                                               $8,303.9                11.3    %             $7,458.6
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the retail segment's total revenues in 2023 increased 17.1%, or $355.7 million, over 2022, to $2,440.0 million. the $352.0 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) approximately $203.5 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2022; (ii) an increase of $159.4 million related to net new and renewal business; (iii) an increase from the impact of foreign currency translation of $8.8 million; and (iv) an offsetting decrease of $20.2 million related to commissions and fees recorded in 2022 from businesses since divested. profit-sharing contingent commissions in 2023 increased 2.3%, or $1.1 million, over 2022, to $49.9. the retail segment's total commissions and fees increased 17.0% and the organic revenue growth rate was 7.9% for 2023. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by net new business written during the preceding 12 months and growth on renewals of existing customers. renewal business was impacted by rate increases and changes in insurable values in most lines of business with continued increases in commercial property and casualty, employee benefits, professional and excess liability partially offset by continued premium rate reductions in workers' compensation. this growth was partially offset by a decline in revenue within our f&i businesses due to the slowdown in automobile and recreational vehicle industries.
income before income taxes for 2023 increased 13.2%, or $61.7 million, over the same period in 2022, to $528.4 million. the primary factors driving this increase were: (i) the profit associated with the net increase in revenue as described above; (ii) the drivers of ebitdac - adjusted described below; (iii) the decrease in intercompany interest expense; and partially offset by (iv) an increase in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables; and (v) depreciation growing faster than total revenues.
ebitdac - adjusted for 2023 increased 15.7%, or $101.2 million, from the same period in 2023, to $747.6 million. ebitdac margin - adjusted for 2023 decreased to 30.6% from 30.9% in the same period in 2022. the decrease in ebitdac margin - adjusted was primarily driven by (i) increased variable operating expenses associated with travel and entertainment, (ii) higher compensation costs, which were driven by hiring more employees to support our current and future growth, (iii) inflation and (iv) non-cash stock-based compensation.
national programs segment the national programs segment manages over 60 programs supported by over 100 well-capitalized carrier partners. in most cases, the insurance carriers that support these programs have delegated underwriting and, in many instances, claims-handling authority to our programs operations. these programs are generally distributed through a nationwide network of independent agents and brown & brown retail agents, and offer targeted products and services designed for specific industries, trade groups, professions, public entities and market niches. this segment also operates our write-your-own flood insurance carrier, wnfic and participates in two captives. wnfic's underwriting business consists of policies written on behalf of and fully ceded to the nfip, as well as excess flood policies, which are fully reinsured in the private market. the captives provide additional underwriting capacity that enable growth in core commissions and fees, and allow us to participate in underwriting results with limited exposure to claims expenses. the company has traditionally participated in underwriting profits through profit-sharing contingent commissions. these captives give us another way to continue to participate in underwriting results while limiting exposure to claims expenses. the captives focus on property insurance for earthquake and wind exposed properties underwritten by certain of our mgus. the captives limit the company's exposure to claims expenses either through reinsurance or by participating in limited tranches of the underwriting risk.
the national programs segment operations can be grouped into five broad categories: professional programs, personal lines programs, commercial programs, public entity-related programs and specialty programs. approximately 76% of the national programs segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission based.
financial information relating to our national programs segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
(in millions, except percentages)                               2023                         % change        2022
revenues core commissions and fees                                                   $999.1               20.3   %              $830.5
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                         65.2              136.2   %                27.6
investment income                                                             12.1                nmf                     1.3
other income, net                                                              0.9                nmf                     0.1
total revenues                                                             1,077.3               25.3   %               859.5
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                           368.1               15.5   %               318.7
other operating expenses                                                     221.4               12.9   %               196.1
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                       (6.2   )            nmf                     0.8
amortization                                                                  41.2               16.4   %                35.4
depreciation                                                                  11.8              (22.9   )%               15.3
interest                                                                      35.6                7.9   %                33.0
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                             (0.1   )          (99.1   )%              (10.9   )
total expenses                                                               671.8               14.2   %               588.4
income before income taxes                                                  $405.5               49.6   %              $271.1
income before income taxes margin (1)                                         37.6   %                                   31.5   %
ebitdac - adjusted (2)                                                      $488.0               41.4   %              $345.2
ebitdac margin - adjusted (2)                                                 45.3   %                                   40.2   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                               17.2   %                                   15.7   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues                 34.2   %                                   37.1   %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                           20.6   %                                   22.8   %
capital expenditures                                                         $16.5              (18.3   )%              $20.2
total assets at december 31                                               $4,333.5               (3.0   )%           $4,467.8
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the national programs segment's total revenue for 2023 increased 25.3%, or $217.8 million, as compared to the same period in 2022, to $1,077.3 million. the $168.6 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by: (i) approximately $139.5 million of net new and renewal business; (ii) $47.1 million from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2022; and (iii) an offsetting decrease of $18.0 million related to commissions and fees revenue from business divested in the preceding 12 months.
profit-sharing contingent commissions in 2023 increased 136.2%, or $37.6 million, from 2022, to $65.2 which was primarily driven by lower storm activity in 2023, qualifying for certain programs due to improved underwriting results and to a lesser extent favorable loss development associated with hurricane ian. the national programs segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 24.0% and the organic revenue growth rate was 17.2% for 2023. the organic revenue growth was driven primarily by strong new business, good retention and rate increases.
income before income taxes for 2023 increased 49.6%, or $134.4 million, from the same period in 2022, to $405.5 million. income before income taxes increased due to the drivers of ebitdac - adjusted described below. this was partially offset by increases in change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables, amortization and intercompany interest expense.
ebitdac - adjusted for 2023 increased 41.4%, or $142.8 million, from the same period in 2022, to $488.0 million. ebitdac margin - adjusted for 2023 increased to 45.3% from 40.2%. ebitdac - adjusted increased due to leveraging our expense base in connection with strong growth of total revenues - adjusted, increased profit-sharing contingent commissions and lower claims costs in our captives.
wholesale brokerage segment the wholesale brokerage segment markets and sells excess and surplus commercial and personal lines insurance, primarily through independent agents and brokers, including brown & brown retail agents. approximately 86% of the wholesale brokerage segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission based.
financial information relating to our wholesale brokerage segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
(in millions, except percentages)                               2023                       % change        2022
revenues core commissions and fees                                                $524.2                19.0    %            $440.5
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                      14.8                20.3    %              12.3
investment income                                                           1.5                (nmf                    0.3
other income, net                                                           0.2               (33.3   )%               0.3
total revenues                                                            540.7                19.3    %             453.4
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                        284.3                18.8    %             239.3
other operating expenses                                                   84.5                20.7    %              70.0
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                       -              (100.0   )%               3.1
amortization                                                               11.2                19.1    %               9.4
depreciation                                                                2.6                (3.7   )%               2.7
interest                                                                   11.9                (7.8   )%              12.9
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                          20.4                 nmf                   (1.7   )
total expenses                                                            414.9                23.6    %             335.7
income before income taxes                                               $125.8                 6.9    %            $117.7
income before income taxes margin (1)                                      23.3   %                                   26.0   %
ebitdac - adjusted (2)                                                   $172.4                18.3    %            $145.7
ebitdac margin - adjusted (2)                                              31.9   %                                   32.0   %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                            12.2   %                                    7.6   %
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues              52.6   %                                   52.8   %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                        15.6   %                                   15.4   %
capital expenditures                                                       $3.0                 7.1    %              $2.8
total assets at december 31                                            $1,558.9                11.2    %          $1,401.6
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the wholesale brokerage segment's total revenues for 2023 increased 19.3%, or $87.3 million, over 2022, to $540.7 million. the $83.7 million increase in core commissions and fees was driven by the following: (i) $53.2 million related to net new and renewal business; and (ii) $34.4 million related to core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2022; and (iii) an increase from the impact of foreign currency translation of $1.1 million and partially offset by (iv) a decrease of $5.0 million related to commissions and fees recorded in 2022 from a business since divested. profit-sharing contingent commissions for 2023 increased $2.5 million compared to 2022, to $14.8 million, primarily driven by qualifying for certain profit-sharing contingent commissions in 2023 that we did not qualify for in the prior year and, to a lesser extent, by acquired businesses in the last year. the wholesale brokerage segment's growth rate for total commissions and fees was 19.0%, and the organic revenue growth rate was 12.2% for 2023. the organic revenue growth rate was driven by strong new business, good retention, as well as rate increases for most lines of coverage, except for professional liability which experienced rates that were flat to down as compared to the prior year.
income before income taxes for 2023 increased 6.9%, or $8.1 million, over 2022, to $125.8 million, primarily due to the following: (i) the growth of ebitdac - adjusted described below; (ii) a loss in the prior year from a business that was divested; (iii) lower intercompany interest expense; and (iv) a decrease in acquisition/integration costs; partially offset by (v) an increase in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables; and (vi) higher amortization expense.
ebitdac - adjusted for 2023 increased 18.3%, or $26.7 million, from the same period in 2022, to $172.4 million. ebitdac margin - adjusted for 2023 decreased to 31.9% from 32.0% for the same period in 2022 due to: (i) increased variable operating expenses, which were primarily travel and meeting related, (ii) non-cash stock-based compensation, (iii) certain nonrecurring operating expenses, which offset (iv) good organic growth and (v) higher profit-sharing contingent commissions.
services segment the services segment provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas. the services segment also provides medicare set-aside account services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services.
unlike the other segments, nearly all of the services segment's revenue is generated from fees which are not significantly affected by fluctuations in general insurance premiums.
in the fourth quarter of 2023, the company announced and completed the sale of certain third-party claims administration and adjusting services businesses within the services segment. the pre-tax gain on sale of the businesses was $134.6 million. the annual total revenues of the disposed businesses were approximately $90 million, and the ebitdac margin - adjusted for the disposed business was similar to the overall ebitdac margin - adjusted for the services segment in 2023.
financial information relating to our services segment for the 12 months ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
(in millions, except percentages)                               2023                    % change            2022
revenues core commissions and fees                                                 $163.1                (5.1   )%           $171.9
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                          -                   -                     -
investment income                                                              -                   -                     -
other income, net                                                              -                   -                     -
total revenues                                                             163.1                (5.1   )%            171.9
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                          91.3        0.8            %              90.6
other operating expenses                                                    44.8                (7.4   )%             48.4
(gain)/loss on disposal                                                   (134.6    )              -                     -
amortization                                                                 5.1                   -                   5.1
depreciation                                                                 1.4               (12.5   )%              1.6
interest                                                                     1.3               (38.1   )%              2.1
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                              -                   -                     -
total expenses                                                               9.3               (93.7   )%            147.8
income before income taxes                                                $153.8        nmf                          $24.1
income before income taxes margin (1)                                       94.3    %                                 14.0    %
ebitdac - adjusted (2)                                                     $27.0               (17.9   )%            $32.9
ebitdac margin - adjusted (2)                                               16.6    %                                 19.1    %
organic revenue growth rate (2)                                             (0.6   )%                                 (2.9   )%
employee compensation and benefits relative to total revenues               56.0    %                                 52.7    %
other operating expenses relative to total revenues                         27.5    %                                 28.2    %
capital expenditures                                                        $1.1        10.0           %              $1.0
total assets at december 31                                               $209.0               (29.2   )%           $295.0
(1)"income before income taxes margin" is defined as income before income taxes divided by total revenues
(2)a non-gaap financial measure nmf = not a meaningful figure the services segment's total revenues for 2023 decreased 5.1%, or $8.8 million, from 2022, to $163.1 million. the $8.8 million decrease in core commissions and fees, was driven by: (i) continued external factors impacting our social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services and medicare set-aside businesses and (ii) the sale of certain third-party claims administration and adjusting services businesses.
income before income taxes for 2023 increased 538.2%, or $129.7 million, from 2022, to $153.8 million due primarily to the gain on disposal associated with the sale of certain third-party claims administration and adjusting services businesses and the drivers of ebitdac - adjusted described below.
ebitdac - adjusted for 2023 decreased 17.9%, or $5.9 million, from the same period in 2022, to $27.0 million. ebitdac margin - adjusted for 2023 decreased to 16.6% from 19.1% in the same period in 2022. the decrease in ebitdac - adjusted and ebitdac margin - adjusted was driven primarily by lower revenues.
other as discussed in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the "other" column in the segment information table includes any income and expenses not allocated to reportable segments, and corporate-related items, including the intercompany interest expense charges to reporting segments.
liquidity and capital resources the company seeks to maintain a conservative balance sheet and strong liquidity profile. our capital requirements to operate as an insurance intermediary are low, and we have been able to grow and invest in our business through a combination of cash that has been generated from operations, the disciplined use of debt and the issuance of equity as part of the purchase price consideration to acquire certain businesses. we have the ability to utilize our revolving credit facility, which as of december 31, 2023 provided capacity for up to $700.0 million in additional available cash. we believe that we have access to additional funds, if needed, through the capital markets or private placements to obtain further debt financing under the current market conditions. the company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investment portfolio and funds generated from operations, together with the funds available under the revolving credit facility and the loan agreement (the "loan agreement"), will be sufficient to satisfy its normal liquidity needs, including principal payments on our long-term debt, for the next 12 months and the long term.
the revolving credit facility contains an expansion option for up to an additional $500.0 million of borrowing capacity, subject to the approval of participating lenders.
on march 31, 2022, the company entered into a loan agreement which provided term loan capacity of $800.0 million. additionally, the company may, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including receipt of additional term loan commitments by new or existing lenders, increase either term loan commitment under the existing loan agreement or the term loans issued thereunder or issue new tranches of term loans in an aggregate additional amount of up to $400.0 million. including the expansion options under all existing credit agreements, the company has access to up to $1,600.0 million of incremental borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2023.
subsequent to december 31, 2023, the company exercised a draw down on the revolving credit facility for $150.0 million for general corporate purposes.
our cash and cash equivalents of $700.3 million at december 31, 2023 reflected an increase of $50.3 million from the $650.0 million balance at december 31, 2022. during 2023, $1,009.5 million of cash was generated from operating activities, representing an increase of 14.5%. during this period, $630.7 million of cash was used for new acquisitions, $118.8 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $68.9 million was used to purchase additional fixed assets, $135.0 million was used for payment of dividends, $0.1 million was used for share repurchases and $250.6 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
we hold approximately $204.3 million in cash outside of the u.s., which we currently have no plans to repatriate in the near future.
our cash and cash equivalents of $650.0 million at december 31, 2022 reflected a decrease of $43.3 million from the $693.2 million balance at december 31, 2021. during 2022, $881.4 million of cash was generated from operating activities, representing an increase of 9.0%. during this period, $1,927.7 million of cash was used for new acquisitions, $106.3 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $52.6 million was used to purchase additional fixed assets, $119.5 million was used for payment of dividends, $74.1 million was used for share repurchases and $61.3 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities (the "current ratio") was 1.03 and 1.09 for december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively.
contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2023, our contractual cash obligations were as follows:
payments due by period
(in millions)                                                 total             less than             1-3 years             4-5 years               after 5
1 year                                                             years long-term debt                                             $3,825.0                $568.7                $693.8                $312.5              $2,250.0
other liabilities                                             256.0                  64.7                  20.3                  17.4                 153.6
operating leases(1)                                           257.8                  52.0                  90.3                  57.7                  57.8
interest obligations                                        1,434.4                 175.9                 267.3                 181.1                 810.1
maximum future acquisition contingency payments(2)            640.2                 297.3                 322.9                  20.0                     -
total contractual cash obligations(3),(4)                  $6,413.4              $1,158.6              $1,394.6                $588.7              $3,271.5
(1)includes $11.4 million of future lease commitments expected to commence in 2024.
(2)includes $249.2 million of current and non-current estimated earn-out payables. earn-out payables for acquisitions not denominated in u.s. dollars are measured at the current foreign exchange rate. six of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables assumed in connection with the acquisition of grp and kentro capital limited included provisions with no maximum potential earn-out amount. the amount recorded for these acquisitions as of december 31, 2023, is $4.7 million. the company deems a significant increase to this amount to be unlikely.
(3)does not include approximately $37.0 million of current liability for a dividend of $0.1300 per share approved by the board of directors onjanuary 17, 2024 and paid on february 14, 2024.
(4)does not include approximately $121.0 million reflected in accounts payable related to federal income tax payments due to hurricane idalia tax relief, which was announced by the internal revenue service on august 30, 2023. these deferred income tax payments were paid by the deadline of february 15, 2024.
debt total debt at december 31, 2023 was $3,795.6 million net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, which was a decrease of $146.5 million compared to december 31, 2022. the decrease includes: the scheduled principal payments related to our various existing floating-rate debt term notes in total of $250.6 million; offset by the amortization of discounted debt related to our various unsecured senior notes, and debt issuance cost amortization of $4.1 million and the net increase of $100.0 million balance on the revolving credit facility.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2023, the company repaid $15.6 million of principal related to the second amended and restated credit agreement term loan through the quarterly scheduled principal payments. the second amended and restated credit agreement term loan had an outstanding balance of $218.7 million as of december 31, 2023. the company's next scheduled principal payment is due march 31, 2024 and is equal to $6.3 million.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2023, the company repaid the full balance of $210.0 million of principal related to the term loan credit agreement through quarterly scheduled principal payments and refinanced a portion of the loan on the revolving credit facility.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2023, the company repaid $25.0 million of principal related to the term loans issued under the term a-2 loan commitment ("term a-2 loans") through quarterly scheduled principal payments. the term a-2 loans had an outstanding balance of $456.2 million as of december 31, 2023. the company's next scheduled principal payment is due march 31, 2024 and is equal to $6.3 million.
on october 27, 2021, the company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "second amended and restated credit agreement") with the lenders named therein, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. as administrative agent, bank of america, n.a., truist bank and bmo harris bank n.a. as co-syndication agents, and u.s. bank national association, fifth third bank, national association, wells fargo bank, national association, pnc bank, national association, morgan stanley senior funding, inc. and citizens bank, n.a. as co-documentation agents. the second amended and restated credit agreement amended and restated the credit agreement dated april 17, 2014, among certain of such parties, as amended by that certain amended and restated credit agreement dated june 28, 2017 (the "original credit agreement"). the second amended and restated credit agreement, among other certain terms, extended the maturity of the revolving credit facility of $800.0 million and unsecured term loans associated with the agreement of $250.0 million to october 27, 2026. at the time of the renewal, the company added an additional $2.7 million in debt issuance costs related to the transaction. the company carried forward $0.6 million of existing debt issuance costs related to the previous credit facility agreements, while expensing $0.1 million in debt issuance costs due to certain lenders exiting the renewed facility agreement. on february 10, 2023, the company entered into amendment no.1 ("amendment") of the second amended and restated credit agreement, which provided that the overnight london interbank offered rate ("libor") should be replaced with a successor rate. the amendment also included additional terms and conditions for the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") loans and risk-free reference rate ("rfr") loans.
on may 31, 2023, the company repaid the outstanding balance of $202.5 million on the term loan (the "term loan") associated with the term loan credit agreement (the "term loan credit agreement") which was entered into on december 21, 2018 with cash proceeds of $32.5 million and $170.0 million with proceeds from the revolving credit facility. the term loan was terminated early due to the agreement's benchmark reference rate to the london interbank offered rate ("libor") which was due to cease on june 30, 2023. any proceeds related to this terminated note on the revolving credit facility were repaid by the end of the third quarter of 2023.
as of september 30, 2023, the company has reclassified the 4.20% notes equaling $500.0 million due in september 2024 to the current portion of long-term debt section of the balance sheet from the long-term debt section on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. the notes are less than one year from maturity. the company is currently evaluating a refinancing strategy before the notes mature in september 2024.
on october 2, 2023, the company obtained $250.0 million from the revolving credit facility in connection with the acquisition of kentro capital limited. during the period ended december 31, 2023, the company repaid $150.0 million of the proceeds on the revolving credit facility and had a $100.0 million outstanding balance.
total debt at december 31, 2022 was $3,942.1 million net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, which was an increase of $1,919.2 million compared to december 31, 2021. the increase includes: (i) the issuance of $1,200.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes on march 17, 2022, exclusive of debt issuance costs and discounts applied to the principal; (ii) the drawdown of $350.0 million of the revolving credit facility in conjunction with the acquisition payment for orchid on march 31, 2022; (iii) the aggregate drawdown of $800.0 million under the loan agreement in connection with the funding of the acquisitions of grp and bdb which occurred on various dates on or before the final draw on april 28, 2022; and (iv) net of the amortization of discounted debt related to our various unsecured senior notes, and debt issuance cost amortization of $3.8 million; offset by decreases due to: (i) the scheduled principal amortization balances related to our various existing floating-rate debt term notes in total of $61.3 million; (ii) added discounted debt balances related to the issuance of $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the company's 4.200% senior notes due 2032 (the "2032 notes") and $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the company's 4.950% senior notes due 2052 (the "2052 notes," and together with the 2032 notes, the "notes") of $10.4 million; (iii) debt issuance costs related to the notes and the loan agreement of $13.0 million; and (iv) through december 31, 2022 the company repaying $350.0 million of debt related to the outstanding amount drawn under the revolving credit facility under the second amended and restated credit agreement.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2022, the company repaid $12.5 million of principal related to the second amended and restated credit agreement term loan through the quarterly scheduled amortized principal payments. the second amended and restated credit agreement term loan had an outstanding balance of $234.4 million as of december 31, 2022. the company's next scheduled amortized principal payment is due march 31, 2023 and is equal to $3.1 million.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2022, the company repaid $30.0 million of principal related to the term loan credit agreement through quarterly scheduled amortized principal payments. the term loan credit agreement had an outstanding balance of $210.0 million as of december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2022, the total term loan balance of $210.0 million is presented under current portion of long-term debt as the agreement and underlying debt instruments are within one-year of maturity. the company is evaluating options with regard to the loan's remaining balance, including retiring the balance at maturity or refinancing the balance or a portion thereof. the company's next scheduled amortized principal payment is due march 31, 2023 and is equal to $7.5 million.
during the 12 months ended december 31, 2022, the company repaid $18.8 million of principal related to the term loans issued under the term a-2 loan commitment ("term a-2 loans") through quarterly scheduled amortized principal payments. the term a-2 loans had an outstanding balance of $481.3 million as of december 31, 2022. the company's next scheduled amortized principal payment is due march 31, 2023 and is equal to $6.3 million.
on march 17, 2022, the company completed the issuance of $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of the company's 4.200% senior notes due 2032 and $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of the company's 4.950% senior notes due 2052 (and together with the 2032 notes, the "notes"). the net proceeds to the company from the issuance of the notes, after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses, were approximately $1,178.2 million. the senior notes were given investment grade ratings of bbb- stable outlook and baa3 stable outlook. the 2032 notes bear interest at the rate of 4.200% per year and will mature on march 17, 2032. the 2052 notes bear interest at the rate of 4.950% per year and will mature on march 17, 2052. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. the notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank equal in right of payment to all of the company's existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. the company may redeem the notes in whole or in part at any time and from time to time, at the "make whole" redemption prices specified in the prospectus supplement for the notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding the redemption date. the company used the net proceeds from the offering of the notes, together with borrowings under its revolving credit facility, cash on hand and other borrowings, to fund the cash consideration and other amounts payable under the grp acquisition agreement and to pay fees and expenses associated with the foregoing. as of december 31, 2022, there was a total outstanding debt balance of $1,200.0 million exclusive of the associated discount balance on both notes.
on march 31, 2022, the company entered into the loan agreement with the lenders named therein, bmo harris bank n.a., as administrative agent, fifth third bank, national association, pnc bank, national association, u.s. bank national association and wells fargo bank, national association, as co-syndication agents and bmo capital markets corp., bofa securities, inc., jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. and truist securities, inc., as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers. the loan agreement evidences commitments for (i) unsecured delayed draw term loans in an aggregate amount of up to $300.0 million (the "term a-1 loan commitment") and (ii) unsecured delayed draw term loans in an amount of up to $500.0 million (the "term a-2 commitment" and, together with the term a-1 loan commitments, the "term loan commitments"). the company may, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including receipt of additional term loan commitments by new or existing lenders, increase either term loan commitment or the term loans issued thereunder or issue new tranches of term loans in an aggregate additional amount of up to $400.0 million. the company may borrow term loans (the "term loans") under either of the term loan commitments during the period from the effective date (the "effective date") until the date which is the first anniversary thereof. once borrowed, term loans issued under the term a-1 loan commitment ("term a-1 loans") are due and payable on the date that is the third anniversary of the effective date unless such maturity date is extended as provided under the loan agreement. once borrowed, term loans issued under the term a-2 loan commitment ("term a-2 loans") are repayable in installments until the fifth anniversary the effective date with any remaining outstanding amounts due and payable on such fifth anniversary of the effective date unless such maturity date is extended as provided under the loan agreement. while outstanding, the undrawn term loan commitments accrue a commitment fee of 0.15% beginning on the earlier of the initial funding of term loans under the loan agreement and the date that is 120 days from the effective date. once drawn, term a-1 loans will bear interest at the annual rate of adjusted term sofr plus 1.125% or base rate plus 0.125% (subject to a pricing grid for changes in the company's credit rating and/or leverage) and term a-2 loans will bear interest at the annual rate of adjusted term sofr plus 1.25% or base rate plus 0.25% (subject to a pricing grid for changes in the company's credit rating and/or leverage). the loan agreement includes various covenants (including financial covenants), limitations and events of default customary for similar facilities for similarly rated borrowers. as of december 31, 2022 the outstanding balance on the loan agreement was $781.3 million.
