item 1a.    risk factors the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be considered. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impact our business operations. if any of the following risks occur, our business, including our financial performance, financial condition, operating results and cash flows, could be adversely affected.
risks related to our strategy our charging forward strategy may prove unsuccessful.
in 2021, we announced our strategy to aggressively grow our eproduct portfolio over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. we believe we are well positioned for the industry's anticipated migration to ev. in june 2023, we announced the next phase of our charging forward strategy which focuses on profitably growing eproducts while maximizing the value of our foundational product portfolio. as a result of executing this strategy, we expect that by 2027, we will achieve over $10 billion in annual eproduct sales, deliver eproduct adjusted operating margin of approximately 7% and maintain double-digit adjusted operating margins for our foundational products portfolio.
we may not meet our goals due to many factors, including any of the risks identified in the paragraph that follows, failure to develop new products that our customers will purchase, technology changes that could render our products obsolete, or the introduction of new technology to which we do not have access, among other things.
we expect to continue to pursue business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances that leverage our technology capabilities and enhance our customer base, geographic representation, and scale to complement our current businesses. we regularly evaluate potential growth opportunities, some of which could be material. while we believe that such transactions are an integral part of our long-term strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to these activities. assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due diligence. however, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential growth opportunity can be limited, and we can give no assurance that past or future business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. assessing a price for potential transactions is inexact. we may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we have acquired or will acquire in the future, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. failure to execute our growth strategy could adversely affect our business.
the failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions and other risks associated with acquisitions could adversely affect our business.
the success of our acquisitions is dependent, in part, on our ability to realize the expected benefits from combining our businesses and businesses that we acquire. to realize these anticipated benefits, both companies must be successfully combined, which is subject to our ability to consolidate operations, corporate cultures and systems and to eliminate redundancies and costs. if we are unsuccessful in combining companies, the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. further, there is potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses. in addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions.
the combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that requires significant management attention and resources. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our operations, the inability to maintain or increase our competitive presence, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the acquisition, the diversion of management's attention to integration matters and/or difficulties in the assimilation of employees and corporate cultures. any or all of these factors could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could have an adverse effect on the combined company. in addition, many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of these factors could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and additional diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to execute dispositions of assets or businesses successfully.
when we decide to dispose of assets or a business, we may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. we may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. buyers of the assets or business may from time to time agree to indemnify us for operations of such businesses after the closing. we cannot be assured that any of these indemnification provisions will fully protect us, and as a result may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may experience fewer synergies than expected or even negative synergies from separating a business, and the impact of the disposition on our financial results may be larger than projected.
after reaching an agreement for the disposition of a business, we are subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. such regulatory and governmental approvals may be required in jurisdictions around the world, and any delays in the timing of such approvals could materially delay or prevent the transaction.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to periodic impairment evaluations, represent a significant portion of our total assets. an impairment charge on these assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we have recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquisitions. we periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. significant negative industry or macroeconomic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, dispositions and market capitalization declines may impair these assets.
we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. the risk of impairment to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is higher during the early years following an acquisition. this is because the fair values of these assets align very closely with what was paid to acquire the reporting units to which these assets are assigned. as a result, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as "headroom") is smaller at the time of acquisition. until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a relatively small decrease in reporting unit fair value can trigger impairment charges. when impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. future acquisitions could present similar risks. any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized.
risks related to the spin-off of phinia inc.
the spin-off may not achieve the anticipated benefits and may expose us to additional risks.
we may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits of the spin-off. we cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the spin-off will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. there is no assurance that following the spin-off each separate company will be successful. we may face material challenges in connection with the spin-off, including but not limited to, the diversion of management time on matters relating to the spin-off; the impact of having to operate under the terms of transition service agreements; the impact on our ability to retain talent; and potential impacts on our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other counterparties. in addition, we have incurred one-time costs and may incur ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the spin-off, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the separate businesses will no longer be able to share. those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. further, while it is intended that the transaction will be tax-free to the company's stockholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes, there is no assurance that the transaction will qualify for this treatment. if the spin-off is ultimately determined to be taxable, either the company, phinia, or the company's stockholders could incur income tax liabilities that could be significant. if we do not realize the anticipated benefits of the spin-off, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
potential indemnification liabilities pursuant to the spin-off of phinia could materially and adversely affect our business.
in connection with the spin-off, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement and related agreements with phinia to govern the spin-off and the relationship between the two companies following the completion of the spin-off. these agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations of each party and could lead to disputes between us. if we are required to indemnify the other parties under the circumstances set forth in these agreements, we may be subject to future liabilities. in addition, with respect to the liabilities for which the other parties have agreed to indemnify us under these agreements, there can be no assurance that the indemnity rights we have against such other parties will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of the liabilities or that such other parties will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. it is also possible that a court could disregard the allocation of assets and liabilities agreed to between the company and such other parties and require the company to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to such other parties. each of these risks could negatively affect our business and financial statements.
risks related to our industry conditions in the automotive industry may adversely affect our business.
our financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors, including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would have an adverse effect on our sales to oems.
we face strong competition.
we compete globally with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. our competitors include vertically integrated units of our major oem customers, as well as a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. additionally, our competitors include start-ups that may be well funded, with the result that they could have more operational and financial flexibility than we have. a number of our competitors are larger than we are, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. although many oems have indicated that they will continue to rely on outside suppliers, a number of major oem customers have indicated their intent to insource certain components that we produce, and many do manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with our products. these oems could elect to manufacture such products for their own uses in place of the products we currently supply. our traditional oem customers, faced with intense international competition, have continued to expand their global sourcing of components. as a result, we have experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. increased competition could adversely affect our business. in addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop products that are superior to our products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. as a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' products, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. these trends may adversely affect our sales as well as the profit margins on our products.
if we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry could adversely affect our business.
the automotive industry is increasingly focused on improved vehicle efficiency and reduced emissions, including the development of hybrid and electric vehicles, largely as a result of changing consumer preferences and increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements related to climate change, and of advanced driver-assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially viable, fully automated driving experience. there has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility-on-demand services, such as car and ride sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. in addition, some industry participants are exploring transportation through alternatives to automobiles. these evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. while we are focused on driving growth through our ability to capitalize on certain potential trends, such as the move toward hybrid and electric vehicles, some of the focuses and trends are not part of our product line or strategy, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. if we do not continue to innovate and develop, or acquire, new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to oem and consumer preferences, this could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
we may be subject to potential governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to vehicle emissions standards.
in recent years, within the automotive industry, there have been governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to alleged or actual violations of vehicle emissions standards. alleged violations by borgwarner of existing or future emissions standards could result in government investigations and other legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines, disgorgement of profits, restricted product offerings, reputational harm or a combination of any of those items. any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
risks related to our business we are under substantial pressure from oems to reduce the prices of our products.
there is substantial and continuing pressure on oems to reduce costs, including costs of products we supply. oem customers expect annual price reductions in our business. to maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, and streamlined product designs to reduce costs, and we attempt to develop new products, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. our ability to pass through increased raw material or other inflationary costs to our oem customers is limited, with cost recovery often less than 100% and often on a delayed basis. inability to reduce costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, and increases in employee wages and benefits could have an adverse effect on us.
we continue to face volatile costs of commodities used in the production of our products and elevated levels of inflation.
we use a variety of commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock. beginning in 2021, we have experienced price increases for base metals (e.g., steel, aluminum and nickel), precious metals (e.g., palladium) and raw materials that are primarily used in batteries for electric vehicles (e.g., lithium and cobalt). increasing commodity costs negatively impact our operating margins and results. we have sought to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including material pass-through provisions in our customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures. the discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through or hedge increasing commodity costs could adversely affect our business.
from time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. if this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve, which may cause periodic supply interruptions. the same may be true of transportation carriers and energy providers. if these supply interruptions occur, it could adversely affect our business.
in addition, during 2022 and 2023, many global economies, including the united states, experienced elevated levels of inflation more generally, which drove an increase in input costs. following non-contractual negotiations, we reached cost-recovery agreements with various customers in 2022 and 2023, but these agreements did not enable us to recover 100 percent of our increased costs, and as a result, our operating margins were negatively impacted. while we will continue to negotiate the pass through and recovery of higher costs with our customers, continued increasing levels of inflation could adversely affect our business.
changes in u.s. administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may have an adverse effect on us.
the united states has maintained tariffs on certain imported steel, aluminum and items originating from china. these tariffs have increased the cost of raw materials and components we purchase. the imposition of tariffs by the united states has resulted in retaliatory tariffs from a number of countries, including china, which increase the cost of products we sell. if the u.s. or other countries impose additional tariffs, that will have a further adverse impact on us.
we use important intellectual property in our business. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against us or our customers relating to intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected.
we own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets and are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. our competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. further, as we expand our operations in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating our proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts we undertake to protect them. our inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others could adversely affect our business and our competitive position.
we are subject to business continuity risks associated with increasing centralization of our information technology ("it") systems.
to improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have regionally centralized the information systems that support our business processes such as invoicing, payroll, and general management operations. if the centralized systems are disrupted or disabled, key business processes could be interrupted, which could adversely affect our business.
a failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely impact our business and operations.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our it systems and infrastructure. it systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in third-party provided services. disruptions and attacks on our it systems pose a risk to the security of our systems and our ability to protect our networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of information and data and that of third parties, including our employees. some cyber-attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. although we have implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information, and disruptions of our operations, we have been, and likely will continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions. future attacks or disruptions could potentially lead to the inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, including our intellectual property or employee data, improper use of our systems and networks, access to and manipulation and destruction of our or third-party data, production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. in addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future. these consequences could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and suppliers, lead to claims against us and ultimately adversely affect our business.
our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel.
our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. in particular, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees and employees with engineering, technical and software capabilities in numbers sufficient for our needs could adversely affect our business.
our profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch difficulties.
the launch of new business is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. our failure to successfully launch new business, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new business, could have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations.
to the extent we are not able to successfully launch new business, vehicle production at our customers could be significantly delayed or shut down. such situations could result in significant financial penalties to us or a diversion of personnel and financial resources to improving launches rather than investment in continuous process improvement or other growth initiatives and could result in our customers shifting work away from us to a competitor, all of which could result in loss of revenue or loss of market share and could have an adverse effect on our profitability and cash flows.
part of our workforce is unionized, which could subject us to work stoppages.
as of december 31, 2023, approximately 12.5% of our u.s. workforce was unionized. we have a domestic collective bargaining agreement for one facility in new york, which expires in september 2024. the workforce at certain of our international facilities is also unionized. a prolonged dispute with our employees could have an adverse effect on our business.
work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events could significantly disrupt our business.
because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of our manufacturing and assembly facilities could have adverse effects on our business. similarly, if one or more of our customers were to experience a work stoppage or production shutdown, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of our products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. a significant disruption in the supply of a key component due to supply constraints, such as the constraints experienced in 2021 and 2022 related to semiconductor chips, or due to a work stoppage or production shutdown at one of our suppliers or any other supplier could have the same consequences and, accordingly, have an adverse effect on our financial results.
changes in interest rates and asset returns could increase our pension funding obligations and reduce our profitability.
we have unfunded obligations under certain of our defined benefit pension and other postemployment benefit plans. the valuation of our future payment obligations under the plans and the related plan assets is subject to significant adverse changes if the credit and capital markets cause interest rates and projected rates of return to decline. such declines could also require us to make significant additional contributions to our pension plans in the future. additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our pension expenses and reduce profitability in the future.
we also sponsor post-employment medical benefit plans in the u.s. that are unfunded. if medical costs continue to increase or actuarial assumptions are modified, this could have an adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to extensive environmental regulations that are subject to change and involve significant risks.
our operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters, and the generation, management, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials. the operation of automotive parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. through various acquisitions over the years, we have acquired a number of manufacturing facilities, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate our ownership. in addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with evolving interpretations of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or any new such laws and regulations (including concerns about global climate change and its impact) that may be adopted in the future. costs associated with failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business.
our operations may be affected by greenhouse emissions and climate change and related regulations.
climate change is receiving increasing attention worldwide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. our manufacturing plants use energy, including electricity and natural gas, and certain of our plants emit amounts of greenhouse gas that may be affected by these legislative and regulatory efforts. greenhouse gas regulation could increase the price of the electricity we purchase, increase costs for use of natural gas, potentially restrict access to or the use of natural gas, require us to purchase allowances to offset our own emissions or result in an overall increase in costs of raw materials, any one of which could increase our costs, reduce competitiveness in a global economy or otherwise negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. many of our suppliers face similar circumstances. supply disruptions would raise market rates and jeopardize the continuity of production and could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
climate changes could also disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials within our supply chain, and could also increase insurance and other operating costs. these factors may impact our decisions to construct new facilities.
we have liabilities related to environmental, product warranties, litigation and other claims.
we and certain of our current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the united states environmental protection agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act and equivalent state laws, and, as such, may be liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites. while responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites is typically shared among potentially responsible parties based on an allocation formula, we could have greater liability under applicable statutes. refer to note 21, "contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion.
we provide product warranties to our customers for some of our products. under these product warranties, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. as suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, auto manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product warranty claims. a recall claim brought against us, or a product warranty claim brought against us, could adversely impact our results of operations. in addition, a recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. we cannot assure that costs and expenses associated with these product warranties will not be material or that those costs will not exceed any amounts accrued for such product warranties in our financial statements.
we are currently, and may in the future become, subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. these claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with our customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, product liability, environmental and employment claims. there is a possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on our business that is greater than we anticipate. while we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. the incurrence of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business.
compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect our operating results.
we have operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which we operate. compliance-related issues in certain countries associated with laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business. we have internal policies and procedures relating to compliance with such laws; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the improper acts of employees, agents, business partners, joint venture partners, or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, sanctions and/or fines that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and reputation.
changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, new regulations, new policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing legal rules and regulations, in particular, changes in import and export control laws or exchange control laws, additional restrictions on doing business in countries subject to sanctions, additional limitations on greenhouse gas emissions or other matters related to climate change and other changes in laws in countries where we operate or intend to operate.
changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities and tax audits could adversely affect our business.
changes in tax laws or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits by various tax authorities, and the inability to fully utilize our tax loss carryforwards and tax credits could adversely affect our operating results. in addition, we may periodically restructure our legal entity organization. if taxing authorities were to disagree with our tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, our effective tax rate could be materially affected.
our tax filings for various periods are subject to audit by the tax authorities in most jurisdictions where we conduct business. we have received tax assessments from various taxing authorities and are currently at varying stages of appeals and/or litigation regarding these matters. these audits may result in assessment of additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or through the courts. we believe these assessments may occasionally be based on erroneous and even arbitrary interpretations of local tax law. resolution of any tax matters involves uncertainties, and there are no assurances that the outcomes will be favorable.
we are subject to risks related to our international operations.
we have manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions, including europe, asia, and the americas. for 2023, approximately 84% of our consolidated net sales were outside the u.s. consequently, our results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, international terrorism and other factors that may be discrete to a particular country or geography. compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is challenging, burdensome and expensive.
the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to u.s. dollars using the period-end exchange rate for assets and liabilities and an average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses and capital expenditures. the local currency is typically the functional currency for our foreign subsidiaries. significant foreign currency fluctuations and the associated translation of those foreign currencies to u.s. dollars could adversely affect our business. additionally, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, korean won and chinese renminbi, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses' operations that could negatively affect our results of operations.
because we are a u.s. holding company, one significant source of our funds is distributions from our non-u.s. subsidiaries. certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls that limit or prohibit our non-u.s. subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into u.s. dollars or to make payments outside the country. this could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.
our business in china is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, political, and market conditions.
maintaining a strong position in the chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. the automotive supply market in china is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. as the chinese market evolves, we anticipate that market participants will act aggressively to increase or maintain their market share. increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. in addition, our business in china is sensitive to economic, political, social and market conditions that drive sales volumes in china. if we are unable to maintain our position in the chinese market or if vehicle sales in china decrease, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.
a downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets.
changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately impact our access to the debt capital markets and the costs we incur to borrow funds. if ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the debt capital markets could become restricted and our cost of borrowing or the interest rate for any subsequently issued debt would likely increase.
our revolving credit agreement includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. the interest cost on our revolving credit agreement is based on a rating grid. further, an increase in the level of our indebtedness and related interest costs may increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability to obtain additional financing.
we could incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to execute actions in an effort to improve future profitability and competitiveness and to optimize our product portfolio and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from these actions.
we have initiated and may continue to initiate restructuring actions designed to improve the competitiveness of our business and sustain our margin profile, optimize our product portfolio or create an optimal legal entity structure. we may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future actions in full or in part or within the time periods we expect. we are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our actions. failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our actions could have an adverse effect on our business.
risks related to our customers we rely on sales to major customers.
we rely on sales to oems around the world of varying credit quality and manufacturing demands. supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by us. we base our growth projections, in part, on commitments made by our customers. these commitments generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. among other things, the level of production orders we receive is dependent on the ability of our oem customers to design and sell products that consumers desire to purchase. if actual production orders from our customers do not approximate such commitments due to a variety of factors, including non-renewal of purchase orders, a customer's financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect our business.
some of our sales are concentrated. our worldwide sales in 2023 to ford and volkswagen constituted approximately 14% and 11% of our 2023 consolidated net sales, respectively. sales to the company's top ten customers represented 68% of sales for the year ended december 31, 2023.
we are sensitive to the effects of our major customers' labor relations.
all three of our primary north american customers, ford, stellantis, and general motors, have major union contracts with the international union, united automobile, aerospace and agricultural implement workers of america ("uaw"). additionally, there is effort from the uaw to unionize other north american oem plants, the outcome of which is difficult to predict. because of domestic oems' dependence on a single union, we are affected by labor difficulties and work stoppages at oems' facilities, such as the uaw strikes that occurred in 2023. such stoppages at oems' facilities could halt our businesses with those facilities and an increase in the number of oems facilities with union contracts with the uaw could increase the negative impact to our business. similarly, a majority of our global customers' operations outside of north america are also represented by various unions. any extended work stoppage at one or more of our customers could have an adverse effect on our business.
risks related to our suppliers we could be adversely affected by supply shortages of components from our suppliers.
in an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased goods and services, we have been rationalizing our supply base. as a result, we remain dependent on fewer sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of our products. we select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition. we expect that they will deliver to our stated written expectations.
however, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labor or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, such as russia's invasion of ukraine in 2022, sabotage, cyber-attacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, "acts of god," or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. during 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to covid-19, created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. these supply constraints have had significant impacts on global industry production levels. if we experience a prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and cannot procure the components from other sources, we may be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. in addition, with fewer sources of supply for certain components, each supplier may perceive that it has greater leverage and, therefore, some ability to seek higher prices from us at a time that we face substantial pressure from oems to reduce the prices of our products, which could adversely affect our customer relations and business.
suppliers' economic distress could result in the disruption of our operations and could adversely affect our business.
rapidly changing industry conditions such as volatile production volumes; our need to seek price reductions from our suppliers as a result of the substantial pressure we face from oems to reduce the prices of our products; credit tightness; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; raw material, commodity, tariffs, transportation, and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and other factors could adversely affect our supply chain, and sometimes with little advance notice. these conditions could also result in increased commercial disputes and supply interruption risks. in certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for us to change suppliers that are critical to our business. on occasion, we must provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect our supply lines. we cannot predict with certainty the potential adverse effects these costs might have on our business.
we are subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties.
we engage in numerous financial transactions and contracts, including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit line agreements, financial derivatives, and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. we are subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and, therefore, be unable to meet its obligations under such contracts.
other risks a variety of other factors could adversely affect our business.
any of the following could materially and adversely affect our business: the loss of or changes in supply contracts or sourcing strategies of our major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellation of such programs; low levels of utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which can be dependent on a single product line or customer; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market and financial consequences of recalls that may be required on products we supplied; delays or difficulties in new product development; the possible introduction of similar or superior technologies by others; global excess capacity and vehicle platform proliferation; and the impact of fire, flood, or other natural disasters, including pandemics and quarantines.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction borgwarner inc. and consolidated subsidiaries (the "company" or "borgwarner") is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. borgwarner's products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. these products are manufactured and sold worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers ("oems") of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles ("suvs"), vans and light trucks). the company's products are also sold to other oems of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). the company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. the company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in europe, the americas and asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive oem in the world.
charging forward - electrification portfolio strategy in 2021, the company announced its strategy to aggressively grow its eproducts over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. eproducts include all products utilized on or for electric vehicles ("evs") plus those same products and components that are included in hybrid powertrains whose underlying technologies are adaptable or applicable to those used in or for evs. the company believes it is well positioned for the industry's anticipated migration to evs.
in june 2023, the company announced the next phase of its charging forward strategy, which focuses on profitably growing eproducts while maximizing the value of the company's foundational products portfolio. foundational products include all products utilized on internal combustion engines plus those same products and components that are also included in hybrid powertrains. as a result of executing its strategy, the company expects that by 2027, it will achieve over $10 billion in annual eproduct sales, deliver eproduct adjusted operating margin of approximately 7% and maintain its double-digit adjusted operating margin for its foundational products portfolio. during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company's eproduct revenue was approximately $2.0 billion, or 14% of its total revenue.
on july 3, 2023, borgwarner completed the previously announced spin-off ("spin-off") of its fuel systems and aftermarket segments in a transaction intended to qualify as tax free to the company's stockholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes, which was accomplished by the distribution of 100% of the outstanding common stock of phinia, inc. ("phinia") to holders of record of common stock of the company on a pro-rata basis. each holder of record of common stock of the company received one share of phinia common stock for every five shares of common stock of the company held on june 23, 2023, the record date for the distribution ("distribution date"). in lieu of fractional shares of phinia, shareholders of the company received cash. phinia is an independent public company trading under the symbol "phin" on the new york stock exchange.
the historical results of operations and the financial position of phinia for periods prior to the spin-off are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions eldor corporation's electric hybrid systems business on december 1, 2023, the company completed its acquisition of the electric hybrid systems business segment of eldor corporation ("eldor"), which is headquartered in italy. the acquisition is expected to complement its existing epropulsion product portfolio by enhancing the company's engineering capabilities in power electronics. the company paid 72 million ($78 million) at closing, with up to 175 million ($191 million) in earn-out payments that could be paid over the two years following closing. the company's current estimates indicate that the minimum threshold for the earn-out target will not be achieved, thus no amount of the earn-out payment has been included in the purchase consideration.
hubei surpass sun electric charging business on march 1, 2023, the company completed its acquisition of the electric vehicle solution, smart grid and smart energy businesses of hubei surpass sun electric, pursuant to an equity transfer agreement. the acquisition is expected to complement the company's existing european and north american charging footprint by adding a presence in china. the total consideration was 288 million ($42 million), including 268 million ($39 million) of base purchase price and 20 million ($3 million) of estimated earn-out payments. the company paid 217 million ($31 million) of the base purchase price in the year ended december 31, 2023. the remaining 51 million ($8 million) of base purchase price is payable in two installments with the last payment due before april 30, 2025. in addition, pursuant to the agreement, the company could be obligated to remit up to 103 million ($15 million), in the form of contingent payments over approximately two years following the closing.
drivetek ag on december 1, 2022, the company acquired drivetek ag, an engineering and product development company located in switzerland. this acquisition is expected to strengthen the company's power electronics capabilities in auxiliary inverters to accelerate the growth of the high voltage efan business. the total consideration was 27 million ($29 million) of base purchase price paid at closing, and 10 million ($10 million) of estimated earn-out payments that could be paid in the form of contingent payments over the three years following closing.
rhombus energy solutions on july 29, 2022, the company acquired rhombus energy solutions, a provider of charging solutions in the north american market. the acquisition is expected to complement the company's existing european charging footprint to accelerate organic growth and adds north american regional presence to its charging business. the company paid $131 million at closing, and up to $30 million could be paid in the form of contingent payments over the three years following closing. the company's current estimates indicate that the minimum thresholds for these earn-out targets will not be achieved, thus no amount for the earn-out payments has been included in the purchase consideration.
santroll automotive components on march 31, 2022, the company acquired santroll automotive components, a carve-out of santroll electric auto's emotor business. the acquisition is expected to strengthen the company's vertical integration, scale and portfolio breadth in light vehicle emotors while allowing for increased speed to market. the total final consideration was $192 million, including approximately 1.0 billion ($152 million) of base purchase price and 0.25 billion ($40 million) of originally estimated earn-out payments. the company paid approximately 1.0 billion ($157 million) of base purchase price in the year ended december 31, 2022 and no longer expects to recapture a previously anticipated $5 million of post-closing adjustments, which has been recorded in other operating expense, net. pursuant to the equity transfer agreement for the acquisition, the obligation of the company to remit up to 0.3 billion (approximately $47 million) of earn-out payments was contingent upon achievement of certain sales volume targets and certain estimated future volume targets associated with newly awarded business. during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company paid approximately 0.2 billion ($24 million) to settle the remaining earn-out liability and related adjustments.
akasol ag on june 4, 2021, the company completed a voluntary public takeover offer for shares of akasol ag ("akasol"), resulting in ownership of 89% of akasol's outstanding shares. the company paid approximately 648 million ($788 million) to settle the offer. during 2021, the company increased its ownership to 93% through the subsequent purchase of additional shares. on february 10, 2022, the company completed a merger squeeze-out process to obtain the remaining shares, resulting in 100% ownership. the acquisition is expected to further strengthen borgwarner's commercial vehicle and industrial electrification capabilities, which positions the company to capitalize on what it believes to be a fast-growing battery module and pack market.
refer to note 2, "acquisitions and dispositions," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information. results of operations for these acquisitions are included in the company's financial information following their respective dates of acquisition.
key trends and economic factors commodities and other inflationary impacts. prices for commodities remain volatile, and since the beginning of 2021, the company has experienced price increases for base metals (e.g., steel, aluminum and nickel), precious metals (e.g., palladium), silicon carbide, and raw materials that are primarily used in batteries for electric vehicles (e.g., lithium and cobalt). in addition, many global economies, including the united states, are experiencing elevated levels of inflation more generally, which is driving an increase in other input costs. as a result, the company has experienced, and is continuing to experience, higher costs.
in 2022 and 2023, following non-contractual negotiations, the company reached agreement for the pass through and recovery of higher costs with various customers. these agreements did not enable the company to recover 100 percent of its increased costs, and as a result, the company's operating margins were negatively impacted.
foreign currency impacts. the rapid strengthening of the u.s. dollar in 2022, which continued in 2023, albeit to a lesser extent, relative to major foreign currencies, including the euro, korean won and chinese renminbi, and related translation of these currencies to the u.s. dollar, unfavorably impacted the company's net sales, earnings and cash flows. continued significant fluctuations of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar may further negatively impact the company's financial results.
outlook the company expects global industry production to be flat or to decrease modestly year over year in 2024. however, the company expects net new business-related sales growth, due to the increased penetration of borgwarner products, including eproducts, to drive a sales increase in excess of the change in industry production outlook. as a result, the company expects increased revenue in 2024, excluding the impact of foreign currencies. the company expects the earnings benefit of this revenue growth to be partially offset by the negative earnings impact of the acquisition of eldor.
the company maintains a positive long-term outlook for its global business and is committed to new product development and strategic investments to enhance its product leadership strategy. there are several trends that are driving the company's long-term growth that management expects to continue, including adoption of product offerings for electrified vehicles and increasingly stringent global emissions standards that support demand for the company's products that drive vehicle efficiency.
results of operations a detailed comparison of the company's 2021 operating results to its 2022 operating results can be found in the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section in the company's 2022 annual report on form 10-k filed february 9, 2023.
the following table presents a summary of the company's operating results:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except per share data)                                                                                                            2023                                                         2022
net sales                                                                                                                             % of net sales                                               % of net sales air management                                                                                           $7,833                          55.2      %                  $7,137                          56.5      %
drivetrain &amp; battery systems                                                                          4,348                          30.6                          3,735                          29.6
epropulsion                                                                                               2,166                          15.3                          1,906                          15.1
inter-segment eliminations                                                                                (149)                         (1.0)                          (143)                         (1.1)
total net sales                                                                                          14,198                         100.0                         12,635                         100.0
cost of sales                                                                                            11,630                          81.9                         10,266                          81.3
gross profit                                                                                              2,568                          18.1                          2,369                          18.7
selling, general and administrative expenses - r&amp;d, net                                                 717                           5.1                            701                           5.5
selling, general and administrative expenses - other                                                        599                           4.2                            589                           4.7
restructuring expense                                                                                        79                           0.6                             48                           0.4
other operating expense, net                                                                                 13                           0.1                             22                           0.2
operating income                                                                                          1,160                           8.2                          1,009                           8.0
equity in affiliates' earnings, net of tax                                                                 (30)                         (0.2)                           (28)                         (0.2)
realized and unrealized loss on debt and equity securities                                                  174                           1.2                             73                           0.6
interest expense, net                                                                                        10                           0.1                             51                           0.4
other postretirement expense                                                                                 15                           0.1                              -                             -
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interest                         991                           7.0                            913                           7.2
provision for income taxes                                                                                  289                           2.0                            195                           1.5
net earnings from continuing operations                                                                     702                           4.9                            718                           5.7
net (loss) earnings from discontinued operations                                                            (7)                             -                            308                           2.4
net earnings                                                                                                695                           4.9                          1,026                           8.1
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax              70                           0.5                             82                           0.6
net earnings attributable to borgwarner inc.                                                               $625                           4.4      %                    $944                           7.5      %
earnings per share from continuing operations - diluted                                                   $2.70                                                        $2.69
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 totaled $14,198 million, an increase of $1,563 million, or 12%, from the year ended december 31, 2022. the change in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the following:
favorable volume, mix and net new business increased sales approximately $1,418 million, or 10%. this increase was primarily driven by higher weighted average market production as estimated by the company, which was up approximately 11% from the year ended december 31, 2022. the remaining increase primarily reflects the sales growth above market production, which the company believes reflects higher demand for its products. weighted average market production reflects light and commercial vehicle production as reported by ihs weighted for the company's geographic exposure, as estimated by the company.
fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately $66 million, primarily due to the weakening of the chinese renminbi and korean won, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro, in each case relative to the u.s. dollar.
recoveries from the company's customers of material cost inflation arising from non-contractual commercial negotiations with those customers and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements increased net sales by approximately $158 million.
acquisitions contributed $53 million in additional sales during the year ended december 31, 2023.
cost of sales and gross profit cost of sales and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales were $11,630 million and 81.9%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $10,266 million and 81.3%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2022. the change in cost of sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily driven by the following:
higher sales volume, mix and net new business increased cost of sales by approximately $1,012 million.
fluctuations in foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in cost of sales of approximately $30 million, primarily due to the weakening of the chinese renminbi and korean won, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro, in each case relative to the u.s. dollar.
cost of sales was also impacted by material cost inflation of approximately $170 million arising from non-contractual commercial negotiations and normal contractual supplier commodity pass-through arrangements with the company's suppliers.
gross profit and gross margin were $2,568 million and 18.1%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $2,369 million and 18.7%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to the factors discussed above.
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a")
sg&a for the year ended december 31, 2023 was $1,316 million as compared to $1,290 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. sg&a as a percentage of net sales was 9.3% and 10.2% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the change in sg&a was primarily attributable to:
research and development ("r&d") costs increased $16 million. r&d costs, net of customer reimbursements, were 5.1% of net sales in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 5.5% of net sales in the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in r&d costs, net of customer reimbursements, was primarily due to increasing net investment related to the company's eproduct portfolio. the company will continue to invest in r&d programs, which are necessary to support short- and long-term growth.
increased administrative expenses of $19 million, primarily related to it and travel.
restructuring expense was $79 million and $48 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily related to employee benefit costs. refer to note 4 "restructuring" to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information.
in 2023, the company announced a $130 million to $150 million restructuring plan to address structural costs in its foundational products businesses. during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company recorded $79 million of restructuring costs related to this plan.
other operating expense, net was $13 million and $22 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, merger and acquisition expenses, net were $23 million and $9 million, respectively, primarily related to professional fees associated with specific acquisition initiatives.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company recorded charges of $29 million, primarily related to the write down of a customer incentive asset, a service and lease agreement termination and impairment of certain property, plant and equipment.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company recorded a $13 million gain, primarily related to the sale of a european manufacturing facility and other fixed assets. the sale of the facility was pursuant to a formal restructuring plan.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded a gain of $22 million in connection with the sale of its interest in borgwarner romeo power llc, in which the company owned a 60% interest.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded an impairment charge of $30 million to remove the akasol indefinite-lived trade name as the company no longer plans to utilize this trade name in the business.
other operating expense, net is primarily comprised of items included within the subtitle "non-comparable items impacting the company's earnings per diluted share and net earnings" below.
equity in affiliates' earnings, net of tax was $30 million and $28 million in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. this line item is driven by the results of the company's unconsolidated joint ventures.
realized and unrealized loss on debt and equity securities was $174 million and $73 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. this line item reflects the net realized and unrealized gains or losses recognized due to valuing the company's investments at fair value. for the year ended december 31, 2023, this primarily related to losses recognized to adjust the company's investment in wolfspeed inc. ("wolfspeed") convertible debt securities to fair value. during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company sold all of the $500 million in convertible debt securities.
interest expense, net was $10 million and $51 million in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease was primarily due to recognition of a $28 million gain on extinguishment of the company's 3.375% and 5.000% senior notes and higher interest rates on cash and cash equivalents balances and lower expense related to the company's cross-currency swaps.
other postretirement expense was $15 million in the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to an immaterial amount in the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in other postretirement expense for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily due to higher interest cost in 2023.
provision for income taxes was $289 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 resulting in an effective tax rate of 29%. this compared to $195 million or 21% for the year ended december 31, 2022.
in 2023, the company recognized a discrete tax benefit of approximately $19 million related to the resolution of tax audits and reductions in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to matters for which the statute of limitation had lapsed. in addition, the company recognized a discrete tax benefit of approximately $50 million in relation to the spin-off, a discrete tax benefit of approximately $30 million in relation to various changes in filling positions for prior years, and a discrete tax expense of approximately $79 million in relation to changes in judgment related to the recovery of deferred tax assets, primarily due to the impact of the spin-off on the allocation of the company's profits across jurisdictions for tax purposes as well as various tax structuring actions and strategies.
in 2022, the company recognized discrete tax benefits of $23 million, primarily related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to a matter for which the statute of limitations had lapsed and favorable provision-to-return adjustments.
for further details, see note 7, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, net of tax of $70 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased by $12 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. this decrease was primarily due to a decline in demand for certain of the company's foundational products in china as well as the reduction arising from the company's 2023 purchase of the noncontrolling interest related to seohanwarner turbo systems ltd. in korea.
non-comparable items impacting the company's earnings per diluted share and net earnings the company's earnings per diluted share were $2.70 and $2.69 for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the non-comparable items presented below are calculated after tax using the corresponding effective tax rate discrete to each item and the weighted average number of diluted shares for each of the years then ended. the company believes the following table is useful in highlighting non-comparable items that impacted its earnings per diluted share:
year ended december 31, non-comparable items:                                                       2023                            2022
restructuring expense                                               $(0.24)                         $(0.15)
merger and acquisition expense, net                                  (0.09)                          (0.03)
asset impairments and lease modifications                            (0.10)                          (0.13)
gain on sales of businesses                                            0.02                            0.04
other non-comparable items                                           (0.07)                               -
realized and unrealized loss on debt and equity securities           (0.73)                          (0.25)
gain on sale of assets                                                 0.04                               -
gain on debt extinguishment                                            0.09                               -
tax adjustments1                                                       0.05                            0.10
total impact of non-comparable items per share - diluted:           $(1.03)                         $(0.42)
_____________________
1        in 2023, the company recognized a discrete tax benefit of approximately $19 million related to the resolution of tax audits and reductions in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest related to matters for which the statute of limitations had lapsed. in addition, the company recognized a discrete tax benefit of approximately $50 million related to the spin-off, a discrete tax benefit of approximately $30 million due to various changes in filling positions for prior years, and a discrete tax expense of approximately $79 million for changes in judgement on the recovery of certain deferred tax assets. during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recognized discrete tax benefits of $23 million, primarily related to a reduction in certain unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest for a matter in which the statute of limitations had lapsed.
results by reportable segment the company's business is aggregated into three reportable segments: air management, drivetrain & battery systems and epropulsion. these segments are strategic business groups, which are managed separately as each represents a specific grouping of related automotive components and systems. in previous years, the company presented its results under four reportable segments: air management, epropulsion & drivetrain, fuel systems and aftermarket. in the first quarter of 2023, the company elected to disaggregate air management and epropulsion & drivetrain segments into air management, drivetrain & battery systems and epropulsion and reported its results in a total of five reportable segments: air management, drivetrain & battery systems, epropulsion, fuel systems and aftermarket. as a result of the spin-off, fuel systems and aftermarket are no longer reportable segments.
segment adjusted operating income (loss) is the measure of segment income or loss used by the company. segment adjusted operating income (loss) is comprised of operating income adjusted for restructuring, merger, acquisition and divestiture expense, intangible asset amortization expense, impairment charges and other items not reflective of ongoing operating income or loss. the company believes segment adjusted operating income (loss) is most reflective of the operational profitability or loss of its reportable segments.
segment adjusted operating income excludes certain corporate costs, which primarily represent headquarters' expenses not directly attributable to the individual segments. corporate expenses not allocated to segment adjusted operating income were $278 million and $282 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in corporate expenses in 2023 is primarily related to cost savings realized post phinia spin-off.
the following table presents net sales and segment adjusted operating income for the company's reportable segments:
year ended december 31, 2023                                                                             year ended december 31, 2022
(in millions)                                net sales                    segment adjusted operating income (loss)                   % margin         net sales                    segment adjusted operating income (loss)                   % margin air management                            $7,833                                            $1,171                                  14.9    %      $7,137                                            $1,073                                  15.0    %
drivetrain &amp; battery systems           4,348                                               545                                  12.5    %       3,735                                               449                                  12.0    %
epropulsion                                2,166                                              (90)                                 (4.2)    %       1,906                                              (88)                                 (4.6)    %
inter-segment eliminations                 (149)                                                 -                                                  (143)                                                 -
totals                                   $14,198                                            $1,626                                                $12,635                                            $1,434
the air management segment's net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $696 million, or 10%, and segment adjusted operating income increased $98 million from the year ended december 31, 2022. foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately $6 million, primarily due to the weakening of the chinese renminbi and korean won, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro, in each case relative to the u.s. dollar. acquisitions contributed $25 million in additional sales during the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately $596 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for the company's products and higher weighted average market production compared to the prior year, non-contractual commercial negotiations and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements with the company's customers. segment adjusted operating margin was 14.9% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 15.0% in the year ended december 31, 2022. the segment adjusted operating margin decrease was primarily due to the impacts of charging business losses.
the drivetrain & battery systems segment's net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $613 million, or 16%, and segment adjusted operating income increased $96 million from the year ended december 31, 2022. foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately $17 million, primarily due to the weakening of the chinese renminbi, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro, in each case relative to the u.s. dollar. the increase excluding these items was primarily due to approximately $604 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by increased demand for the company's products and higher weighted average market production compared to the prior year, non-contractual commercial negotiations and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements with the company's customers. segment adjusted operating margin was 12.5% in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 12.0% in the year ended december 31, 2022. the segment adjusted operating margin increase was primarily due to conversion on higher sales and customer recoveries, partially offset by higher costs due to inflation and battery systems business losses.
the epropulsion segment's net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $260 million, or 14%, and segment adjusted operating loss increased $2 million from the year ended december 31, 2022. foreign currencies resulted in a year-over-year decrease in sales of approximately $43 million, primarily due to the weakening of the chinese renminbi relative to the u.s. dollar. acquisitions contributed $28 million in additional sales during the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase excluding the impact of foreign currencies was primarily due to approximately $224 million of volume, mix and net new business driven by higher weighted average market production compared to the prior year, non-contractual commercial negotiations and normal contractual customer commodity pass-through arrangements with the company's customers. segment adjusted operating margin was (4.2)% in the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to (4.6)% in the year ended december 31, 2022. the segment adjusted operating loss was primarily due to investments in r&d for eproducts. the segment adjusted operating margin was relatively flat as conversion on higher sales related to eproduct growth and customer recoveries were offset by higher r&d for eproducts, higher input costs due to inflation and additional depreciation expense.
liquidity and capital resources the company maintains various liquidity sources, including cash and cash equivalents and the unused portion of its multi-currency revolving credit agreement. as of december 31, 2023, the company had liquidity of $3,534 million, comprised of cash and cash equivalent balances of $1,534 million and an undrawn revolving credit facility of $2,000 million. the company was in full compliance with its covenants under the revolving credit facility and had full access to its undrawn revolving credit facility. the total debt expected to mature through the end of 2024 is $73 million. given the company's strong liquidity position, management believes that it will have sufficient liquidity and will maintain compliance with all covenants through at least the next 12 months.
as of december 31, 2023, cash balances of $891 million were held by the company's subsidiaries outside of the united states. cash and cash equivalents held by these subsidiaries are used to fund foreign operational activities and future investments, including acquisitions. the majority of cash and cash equivalents held outside the united states is available for repatriation. the company uses its u.s. liquidity primarily for various corporate purposes, including but not limited to debt service, share repurchases, dividend distributions, acquisitions and other corporate expenses.
the company has a $2.0 billion multi-currency revolving credit facility, which includes a feature that allows the facility to be increased by $1.0 billion with bank group approval. this facility matures in september 2028. the credit facility agreement contains customary events of default and one key financial covenant, which is a debt-to-ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) ratio. the company was in compliance with the financial covenant at december 31, 2023. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, the company had no outstanding borrowings under this facility.
the company's commercial paper program allows the company to issue $2.0 billion of short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes under the limits of its multi-currency revolving credit facility. under this program, the company may issue notes from time to time and use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. the company had no outstanding borrowings under this program as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
the total current combined borrowing capacity under the multi-currency revolving credit facility and commercial paper program cannot exceed $2.0 billion.
in addition to the revolving credit facility, the company's universal shelf registration statement filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission provides the company with the ability to issue various debt and equity securities subject to market conditions.
on february 8, 2023, april 26, 2023, july 26, 2023 and november 8, 2023, the company's board of directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.17, $0.17, $0.11 and $0.11 per share of common stock, respectively. these dividends were paid on march 15, 2023, june 15, 2023, september 15, 2023 and december 15, 2023, respectively. the company's third and fourth quarter cash dividend rate compared to the second quarter dividend rate reflects the impact of the spin-off.
from a credit quality perspective, the company has a credit rating of bbb from standard & poor's, baa1 from moody's and bbb+ from fitch ratings. the current outlook from each of fitch, standard & poor's and moody's is stable. none of the company's debt agreements require accelerated repayment in the event of a downgrade in credit ratings.
cash flows operating activities year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                                                             2023                            2022
operating activities of continuing operations net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                                              $702                            $718
adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations:
depreciation and tooling amortization                                                                                                                 515                             483
intangible asset amortization                                                                                                                          67                              69
restructuring expense, net of cash paid                                                                                                                66                              41
stock-based compensation expense                                                                                                                       58                              64
(gain) loss on sales of businesses                                                                                                                    (5)                            (16)
gain on debt extinguishment                                                                                                                          (28)                               -
realized and unrealized loss on debt and equity securities                                                                                            174                              73
deferred income tax benefit                                                                                                                          (44)                            (76)
other non-cash adjustments                                                                                                                              4                             (3)
adjustments to reconcile net earnings from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations            1,509                           1,353
retirement plan contributions                                                                                                                        (19)                            (21)
changes in assets and liabilities:
receivables                                                                                                                                         (482)                           (409)
inventories                                                                                                                                          (72)                           (158)
accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                                                                                 375                             433
other assets and liabilities                                                                                                                           86                            (18)
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations                                                                               $1,397                          $1,180
net cash provided by operating activities was $1,397 million and $1,180 million in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared with the year ended december 31, 2022, was primarily due to higher net earnings adjusted for non-cash charges partially offset by changes in working capital.
investing activities year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                 2023                              2022
investing activities of continuing operations capital expenditures, including tooling outlays                                        $(832)                            $(622)
payments for businesses acquired, net of cash and restricted cash acquired              (109)                             (312)
proceeds from sale of businesses, net of cash divested                                      9                                27
proceeds from settlement of net investment hedges, net                                     25                                40
proceeds from (payments for) investments in debt and equity securities, net               284                             (473)
proceeds from asset disposals and other, net                                               30                                20
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations                       $(593)                          $(1,320)
net cash used in investing activities was $593 million and $1,320 million in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. in 2023, the company acquired the electric vehicle solution, smart grid and smart energy businesses of hubei surpass sun electric and the electric hybrid systems business segment of eldor corporation. in 2022, the company acquired rhombus energy solutions, santroll automotive components and drivetek ag. additionally, in 2022, the company invested $500 million in wolfspeed convertible debt securities, which were sold in 2023. these impacts were partially offset by proceeds related to the liquidation of the company's investment in romeo power, inc., the sale of the company's 60% interest in borgwarner romeo power llc and proceeds from net investment hedges. as a percentage of sales, capital expenditures were 5.9% and 4.9% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
financing activities year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                     2023   2022
financing activities of continuing operations additions to debt                                                             $18                              $5
repayments of debt, including current portion                               (451)                            (13)
payments for debt issuance costs                                              (3)                               -
payments for purchase of treasury stock                                     (177)                           (240)
payments for stock-based compensation items                                  (25)                            (18)
purchase of noncontrolling interest                                          (15)                            (56)
payments for contingent consideration                                        (23)                               -
net distribution from phinia                                                  401                               -
dividends paid to borgwarner stockholders                                   (130)                           (161)
dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders                               (116)                            (81)
net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations           $(521)                          $(564)
net cash used in financing activities was $521 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $564 million in the year ended december 31, 2022. net cash used in financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily related to the $177 million of borgwarner share repurchases, $130 million in dividends paid to the company's stockholders, $116 million in dividends paid to noncontrolling stockholders of the company's consolidated joint ventures and $23 million in contingent consideration payments. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company used $15 million to purchase the noncontrolling interest related to seohanwarner turbo systems ltd. in korea. finally, during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company executed the spin-off and received a net distribution, part of which was utilized to purchase and extinguish a portion of senior notes due in 2025.
contractual obligations the company's significant cash requirements for contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023 primarily consisted of the principal and interest payments on its notes payable and long-term debt, non-cancelable lease obligations, capital spending obligations and purchase obligations. the principal amount of notes payable and long-term debt was $3,785 million as of december 31, 2023. the projected interest payments over the terms of that debt were $761 million as of december 31, 2023. refer to note 14, "notes payable and debt," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information.
as of december 31, 2023, non-cancelable lease obligations were $225 million. refer to note 22, "leases and commitments," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information. capital spending obligations were $148 million as of december 31, 2023.
on november 16, 2022, the company entered into a strategic partnership with wolfspeed in which the company invested $500 million in wolfspeed's convertible debt securities and simultaneously entered into an agreement under which wolfspeed agreed to provide a silicon carbide manufacturing capacity corridor to the company. under this agreement, beginning in 2024, the company will purchase silicon carbide parts with an aggregate total price equal to or greater than the corridor amount totaling a minimum of $184 million, annually through 2029. on september 21, 2023, and november 15, 2023, the company sold $100 million and the remaining $400 million, respectively, of the wolfspeed convertible debt securities. the silicone carbine parts agreement is independent of the sale of the convertible debt securities and remains effective as of december 31, 2023.
management believes that the combination of cash from operations, cash balances, available credit facilities, and the universal shelf registration capacity will be sufficient to satisfy the company's cash needs for its current level of operations and its planned operations for the foreseeable future. management will continue to balance the company's needs for organic growth, inorganic growth, debt reduction, cash conservation and return of cash to shareholders.
postretirement defined benefits the company's policy is to fund its defined benefit pension plans in accordance with applicable government regulations and to make additional contributions when appropriate. at december 31, 2023, all legal funding requirements had been met. the company contributed $21 million, $22 million and $24 million to its defined benefit pension plans in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the company expects to contribute a total of $20 million to $30 million into its defined benefit pension plans during 2024. of the $20 million to $30 million in projected 2024 contributions, $6 million are contractually obligated, while any remaining payments would be discretionary.
the funded status of all pension plans was a net unfunded position of $94 million and $173 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in the net unfunded position was a result of a lower projected benefit obligation, which was primarily due to discontinued operations and actuarial losses during the period. the main driver of these losses was the decrease of 0.70% in the weighted average discount rate for non-u.s. plans. of the total net unfunded amounts, $39 million and $34 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were related to plans in germany, where there is no tax deduction allowed under the applicable regulations to fund the plans; hence, the common practice is to make contributions as benefit payments become due.
other postemployment benefits primarily consist of health care benefits for certain former employees and retirees of the company's u.s. operations. the company funds these benefits as retiree claims are incurred. other postemployment benefits had an unfunded status of $33 million and $37 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the company believes it will be able to fund the requirements of these plans through cash generated from operations or other available sources of financing for the foreseeable future.
refer to note 18, "retirement benefit plans," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information regarding costs and assumptions for employee retirement benefits.
other matters contingencies in the normal course of business, the company is party to various commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints, including matters involving warranty claims, intellectual property claims, governmental investigations and related proceedings, general liability and other risks. it is not possible to predict with certainty whether or not the company will ultimately be successful in any of these commercial and legal matters or, if not, what the impact might be. the company's management does not believe that adverse outcomes in any of these commercial and legal claims, actions and complaints are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. an adverse outcome could, nonetheless, be material to the results of operations or cash flows.
environmental the company and certain of its current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the united states environmental protection agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties ("prps") at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act ("superfund") and equivalent state laws and, as such, may be presently liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at 17 such sites. responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at a superfund site is typically shared among prps based on an allocation formula.
the company believes that none of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. generally, this is because either the estimates of the maximum potential liability at a site are not material or the liability will be shared with other prps, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of any such matter.
refer to note 21, "contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further details and information respecting the company's environmental liability.
critical accounting policies and estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). in preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in the preparation of the financial statements and accompanying notes. management makes estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, relating to the reporting of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. the company's most critical accounting policies are discussed below.
business combinations the company allocates the cost of an acquired business to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. the excess value of the cost of an acquired business over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. the valuation of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. the company uses a variety of information sources to determine the value of acquired assets and liabilities, including third-party appraisers for the values and lives of property, identifiable intangibles and inventories, and actuaries for defined benefit retirement plans. goodwill is assigned to reporting units as of the date of the related acquisition. if goodwill is assigned to more than one reporting unit, the company utilizes a method that is consistent with the manner in which the amount of goodwill in a business combination is determined. costs related to the acquisition of a business are expensed as incurred.
acquired intangible assets include customer relationships, developed technology and trade names. the company estimates the fair value of acquired intangible assets using various valuation techniques. the primary valuation techniques used include forms of the income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation methods. under these valuation approaches, the company is required to make estimates and assumptions from a market participant perspective, which may include revenue growth rates, estimated earnings, royalty rates, obsolescence factors, contributory asset charges, customer attrition and discount rates. under the multi-period excess earnings method, value is estimated as the present value of the benefits anticipated from ownership of the asset, in excess of the returns required on the investment in contributory assets that are necessary to realize those benefits. the intangible asset's estimated earnings are determined as the residual earnings after quantifying estimated earnings from contributory assets. when the company estimates fair value using the relief-from-royalty method, it calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the assets. assumed royalty rates are applied to projected revenue for the remaining useful lives of the assets to estimate the royalty savings.
while the company uses its best estimates and assumptions, fair value estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. any adjustments required after the measurement period are recorded in the consolidated statement of earnings.
future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in acquisition valuations and intangible asset and goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. an increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect the company's financial statements in any given year.
impairment of long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets the company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, whether held for use or disposal, including other amortizing intangible assets, when events and circumstances warrant such a review under asc topic 360. in assessing long-lived assets for an impairment loss, assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. in assessing long-lived assets for impairment, management generally considers individual facilities to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent. a recoverability review is performed using the undiscounted cash flows if there is a triggering event. if the undiscounted cash flow test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, management will perform a fair value analysis. management determines fair value under asc topic 820 using the appropriate valuation technique of market, income or cost approach. if the carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.
management believes that the estimates of future cash flows and fair value assumptions are reasonable; however, changes in assumptions underlying these estimates could affect the valuations. significant judgments and estimates used by management when evaluating long-lived assets for impairment include (i) an assessment as to whether an adverse event or circumstance has triggered the need for an impairment review; (ii) undiscounted future cash flows generated by the asset; and (iii) fair valuation of the asset. events and conditions that could result in impairment in the value of long-lived assets include changes in the industries in which the company operates, particularly the impact of a downturn in the global economy, as well as competition and advances in technology, adverse changes in the regulatory environment, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets  during the fourth quarter of each year, the company tests goodwill for impairment by either performing a qualitative assessment or a quantitative analysis. the qualitative assessment evaluates various events and circumstances, such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, relevant events and financial trends, that may impact a reporting unit's fair value. using this qualitative assessment, the company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not the reporting unit's fair value exceeds its carrying value. if it is determined that it is not more-likely-than-not the reporting unit's fair value exceeds the carrying value, or upon consideration of other factors, including recent acquisition, restructuring or disposal activity or to refresh the fair values, the company performs a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis. in addition, the company may test goodwill in between annual test dates if an event occurs or circumstances change that could more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
the company performs a quantitative analysis on each reporting unit to refresh its respective fair value using a combined income and market approach. the market approach is based on market multiples (revenue and "ebitda", defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and requires an estimate of appropriate multiples based on market data for comparable companies. the market valuation models and other financial ratios used by the company require certain assumptions and estimates regarding the applicability of those models to the company's facts and circumstances.
the company believes the assumptions and estimates used to determine the estimated fair value are reasonable. different assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair value. the primary assumptions affecting the company's 2023 goodwill quantitative impairment review are as follows:
discount rates: the company used a range of 12.5% to 14.5% weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") as the discount rates for future cash flows. the wacc is intended to represent a rate of return that would be expected by a market participant.
operating income margin: the company used historical and expected operating income margins, which may vary based on the projections of the reporting unit being evaluated.
revenue growth rates: the company used a global automotive market industry growth rate forecast adjusted to estimate its own market participation for product lines.
in addition to the above primary assumptions, the company notes the following risks to volume and operating income assumptions that could have an impact on the discounted cash flow models:
the automotive industry is cyclical, and the company's results of operations could be adversely affected by industry downturns.
the automotive industry is evolving, and if the company does not respond appropriately, its results of operations could be adversely affected.
the company is dependent on market segments that use its key products and could be affected by decreasing demand in those segments.
the company is subject to risks related to international operations.
based on the assumptions outlined above, the impairment testing conducted in the fourth quarter of 2023 indicated the company's goodwill assigned to the respective reporting units was not impaired. future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates from those used in acquisition-related valuations and goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. due to the company's recent acquisitions, there is less headroom (the difference between the carrying value and the fair value) associated with certain of the company's reporting units. based on the impairment testing conducted in 2023, the amounts by which the estimated fair values of the company's goodwill reporting units exceeded their carrying values ranged from 22% to 139%. an increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect the company's financial statements in any given year.
similar to goodwill, the company can elect to perform the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (primarily trade names) using a qualitative analysis, considering similar factors as outlined in the goodwill discussion, in order to determine if it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the trade names is less than the respective carrying values. if the company elects to perform or is required to perform a quantitative analysis, the test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. the company estimates the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief-from-royalty method, which it believes is an appropriate and widely used valuation technique for such assets. the fair value derived from the relief-from-royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such trade names and not being required to pay a royalty for their use.
refer to note 12, "goodwill and other intangibles," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information regarding goodwill.
product warranties the company provides warranties on some, but not all, of its products. the warranty terms are typically from one to three years. provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranty are made at the time products are sold. these estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and industry developments and recoveries from third parties. management actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty claims. costs of product recalls, which may include the cost of the product being replaced as well as the customer's cost of the recall, including labor to remove and replace the recalled part, are accrued as part of the company's warranty accrual at the time an obligation becomes probable and can be reasonably estimated. management believes that the warranty accrual is appropriate; however, if actual claims incurred differ from the original estimates or there are changes in our assumptions, it could materially affect the company's financial statements.
at december 31, 2023, the total accrued warranty liability was $196 million. the accrual is represented as $91 million in other current liabilities and $105 million in other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
refer to note 13, "product warranty," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information regarding product warranties.
postretirement defined benefits the company provides postretirement defined benefits to a number of its current and former employees. costs associated with postretirement defined benefits include pension and other postemployment health care expenses for former employees, retirees and surviving spouses and dependents.
the company's defined benefit pension and other postemployment benefit plans are accounted for in accordance with asc topic 715. the determination of the company's obligation and expense for its pension and other postemployment benefits, such as retiree health care, is dependent on certain assumptions used by actuaries in calculating such amounts. certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate, rates of increase in compensation and health care costs trends are described in note 18, "retirement benefit plans," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. the effects of any modification to those assumptions, or actual results that differ from assumptions used, are either recognized immediately or amortized over future periods in accordance with gaap.
the primary assumptions affecting the company's accounting for employee benefits under asc topics 712 and 715 as of december 31, 2023 are as follows:
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets: the expected long-term rate of return is used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost. the required use of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized returns that are greater or less than the actual returns on those plan assets in any given year. over time, however, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is designed to approximate actual earned long-term returns. the expected long-term rate of return for pension assets has been determined based on various inputs, including historical returns for the different asset classes held by the company's trusts and its asset allocation, as well as inputs from internal and external sources regarding expected capital market return, inflation and other variables. the company also considers the impact of active management of the plans' invested assets. in determining its pension expense for the year ended december 31, 2023, the company used long-term rates of return on plan assets ranging from 1.3% to 12% outside of the u.s. and 5% in the u.s.
actual returns on u.s. pension assets were 5.2 % and (17.9)% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, compared to the expected rate of return assumptions of 5% and 4.8%, respectively, for the same years ended.
actual returns on u.k. pension assets were 3.2% and (34.8)% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, compared to the expected rate of return assumption of 5.3% and 4.1%, respectively, for the same years ended.
actual returns on german pension assets were 9.9% and (19.7)% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, compared to the expected rate of return assumptions of 4.5% and 4.0%, respectively, for the same years ended.
discount rate: the discount rate is used to calculate pension and other postemployment benefit ("opeb") obligations. in determining the discount rate, the company utilizes a full-yield approach in the estimation of service and interest components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. for its significant plans, the company used discount rates ranging from 1.8% to 11.8% to determine its pension and other benefit obligations as of december 31, 2023, including weighted average discount rates of 5.1% in the u.s., 4.2% outside of the u.s. (including 4.6% in the u.k.) and 5.1% for u.s. other postemployment health care plans. the u.s. and u.k. discount rates reflect the fact that the u.s. and u.k. pension plans have been closed for new participants.
health care cost trend: for postemployment employee health care plan accounting, the company reviews external data and company-specific historical trends for health care cost to determine the health care cost trend rate assumptions. in determining the projected benefit obligation for postemployment health care plans as of december 31, 2023, the company used health care cost trend rates of 6.3%, declining to an ultimate trend rate of 4.75% by the year 2026.
while the company believes that these assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in these assumptions may materially affect the company's pension and opeb and its future expense.
the sensitivity to a 25 basis-point change in the assumptions for discount rate and expected return on assets related to 2024 pre-tax pension expense for company sponsored u.s. and non-u.s. pension plans is expected to be negligible.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in discount rate for company sponsored u.s. and non-u.s. pension plans on its pension obligations:
(in millions)         impact on u.s. pbo   impact on non-u.s. pbo
25 basis point decrease in discount rate                $3            $16
25 basis point increase in discount rate              $(3)            $(16)
the sensitivity to a 25 basis-point change in the discount rate assumption and to the assumed health care cost trend related to the company's opeb obligation and service and interest cost is expected to be negligible.
refer to note 18, "retirement benefit plans," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information regarding the company's retirement benefit plans.
restructuring restructuring costs may occur when the company takes action to exit or significantly curtail a part of its operations or implements a reorganization that affects the nature and focus of operations. a restructuring charge can consist of severance costs associated with reductions to the workforce, costs to terminate an operating lease or contract, professional fees and other costs incurred related to the implementation of restructuring activities.
the company generally records costs associated with voluntary separations at the time of employee acceptance. costs for involuntary separation programs are recorded when management has approved the plan for separation, the employees are identified and aware of the benefits they are entitled to and it is unlikely that the plan will change significantly. when a plan of separation requires approval by or consultation with the relevant labor organization or government, the costs are recorded upon agreement. costs associated with benefits that are contingent on the employee continuing to provide service are expensed over the required service period.
income taxes  the company accounts for income taxes in accordance with asc topic 740. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
accounting for income taxes is complex, in part because the company conducts business globally and, therefore, files income tax returns in numerous tax jurisdictions. management judgment is required in determining the company's worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities, including accruals for unrecognized tax benefits and assessing the need for valuation allowances. in calculating the provision for income taxes on an interim basis, the company uses an estimate of the annual effective tax rate based upon the facts and circumstances known at each interim period. in determining the need for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial performance of the operation recording the net deferred tax asset is considered along with any other pertinent information. since future financial results may differ from previous estimates, periodic adjustments to the company's valuation allowance may be necessary.
the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. at the federal and state level and numerous non-u.s. jurisdictions. the determination of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits includes the application of complex tax laws in a multitude of jurisdictions across the company's global operations. management judgment is required in determining the accruals for unrecognized tax benefits. in the ordinary course of the company's business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is less than certain. accruals for unrecognized tax benefits are established when, despite the belief that tax positions are supportable, there remain certain positions that do not meet the minimum probability threshold, which is a tax position that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. the company has certain u.s. state income tax returns and certain non-u.s. income tax returns that are currently under various stages of audit by applicable tax authorities. at december 31, 2023, the company had a liability for tax positions the company estimates are not more-likely-than-not to be sustained based on the technical merits, which is included in other non-current liabilities. nonetheless, the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued for each year.
the company records valuation allowances to reduce the carrying value of certain deferred tax assets to amounts that it expects are more-likely-than-not to be realized. existing deferred tax assets, net operating losses and tax credits by jurisdiction and expectations of the ability to utilize these tax attributes are assessed through a review of past, current and estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies.
estimates of future taxable income, including income generated from prudent and feasible tax planning strategies resulting from actual or planned business and operational developments, could change in the near term, perhaps materially, which may require the company to consider any potential impact to the assessment of the recoverability of the related deferred tax asset. such potential impact could be material to the company's consolidated financial condition or results of operations for an individual reporting period.
in future periods, the company's effective tax rate and tax liability may be impacted due to changes in u.s. and non-u.s. tax laws and as a result of regulatory or legislative developments related to such laws. this could include u.s. and non-u.s. tax law developments related to changes to long-standing tax principles arising from proposals made by the organization for economic co-operation and development that seek to allocate greater taxing rights to countries where customers are located and establish a global minimum tax rate of at least 15%.
refer to note 7, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information regarding income taxes.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for more information regarding new applicable accounting pronouncements.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk the company's primary market risks include fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. the company is also affected by changes in the prices of commodities used or consumed in its manufacturing operations. some of its commodity purchase price risk is covered by supply agreements with customers and suppliers. other commodity purchase price risk is occasionally addressed by hedging strategies, which include forward contracts. the company enters into derivative instruments only with high credit quality counterparties and diversifies its positions across such counterparties in order to reduce its exposure to credit losses. the company does not engage in any derivative instruments for purposes other than hedging specific operating risks.
the company has established policies and procedures to manage sensitivity to interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and commodity purchase price risk, which include monitoring the level of exposure to each market risk. for quantitative disclosures about market risk, refer to note 17, "financial instruments," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for information with respect to interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk and commodity purchase price risk.
interest rate risk interest rate risk is the risk that the company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in interest rates. the company manages its interest rate risk by monitoring its exposure to fixed and variable rates while attempting to optimize its interest costs. the company selectively uses interest rate swaps to reduce market value risk associated with changes in interest rates (fair value hedges). at december 31, 2023, all of the company's long-term debt had fixed interest rates.
foreign currency exchange rate risk foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk that the company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. currently, the company's most significant currency exposures relate to the brazilian real, british pound, chinese renminbi, euro, korean won, mexican peso, polish zloty, singapore dollar and thailand baht. the company mitigates its foreign currency exchange rate risk by establishing local production facilities and related supply chain participants in the markets it serves, by invoicing customers in the same currency as the source of the products and by funding some of its investments in foreign markets through local currency loans. the company also monitors its foreign currency exposure in each country and implements strategies to respond to changing economic and political environments. in addition, the company regularly enters into forward currency contracts, cross-currency swaps and foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment hedges to reduce exposure to translation exchange rate risk. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the company recorded a deferred gain of $112 million and $196 million, respectively, both before taxes, for designated net investment hedges within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
the significant foreign currency translation adjustments, including the impact of the net investment hedges discussed above, during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, are shown in the following table, which provides the percentage change in u.s. dollars against the respective currencies and the approximate impacts of these changes recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) for the respective periods.
(in millions, except for percentages)        december 31, 2023
chinese renminbi                                                       (3)   %   $(61)
korean won                                                             (3)   %   $(11)
euro                                                     3                   %   $9
(in millions, except for percentages)        december 31, 2022
chinese renminbi                                                         (8)   %   $(201)
euro                                                                     (6)   %   $(46)
british pound                                                           (11)   %   $(40)
korean won                                                               (6)   %   $(25)
india rupee                                                             (10)   %   $(11)
commodity price risk commodity price risk is the possibility that the company will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in the cost of raw materials used in the production of its products. commodity forward and option contracts are occasionally executed to offset exposure to potential change in prices mainly for various non-ferrous metals and natural gas consumption used in the manufacturing of vehicle components. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the company had no outstanding commodity swap contracts.
disclosure regarding forward-looking statements the matters discussed in this item 7 include forward looking statements. see "forward looking statements" at the beginning of this annual report on form 10-k.
