item 1a.    risk factors.
set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report and in other documents we file with the sec are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report and other public statements we make. based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. however, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, but that could later become material, may also adversely affect our business.
risks related to our business environment our performance is significantly related to general economic, political and regulatory conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by economic slowdowns, liquidity constraints, significant rises in interest rates, significant public health events, fiscal or political uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities in the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients serve.
periods of economic weakness or recession, fiscal or political uncertainty, market volatility, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets, significant rises in interest rates or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may materially and negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines.
our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where we operate. adverse economic conditions, political or regulatory uncertainty and significant public health events may result in declines in real estate sale and leasing volumes and the value of commercial real estate. it may also lead to a decrease in funds invested in commercial real estate assets and development projects. such developments in turn may reduce our revenue from property management fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. for example, in 2023, commercial real estate capital markets remained under significant pressure. as a result, we experienced a sustained slowdown in property sales and debt financing activity. furthermore, the covid-19 pandemic engendered structural changes to the utilization of many types of commercial real estate, which will likely have ongoing repercussions for our business. our businesses could also suffer from political or economic disruptions (or the perception that such disruptions may occur) that affect interest rates or liquidity or create financial, market or regulatory uncertainty. for example, russia's invasion of ukraine in 2022 heightened risks for our operations in europe, caused us to exit most of our business in russia, and exacerbated a number of existing macroeconomic challenges that adversely impacted our markets and our business.
we also make co-investments alongside our investor clients in our development and investment management businesses. during an economic downturn, capital for our investment activities could be constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or sale prices we achieve may be lower than originally anticipated. as a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. in addition, economic downturns may reduce the volume of loans our capital markets business originates and/or services. fees within our property management business are generally based on a percentage of rent collections, making them sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that negatively impact rent collections and the performance of the properties we manage.
economic, political and regulatory uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets and business environment, and in the global landscape, make it difficult for us to predict our financial performance into the future. as a result, any guidance or outlook that we provide on our performance is based on then-current conditions, and there is a risk that such guidance may turn out to be inaccurate.
adverse developments in the credit markets may materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our investment management, development services, capital markets (including property sales and mortgage origination) and mortgage services businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as financial liquidity. additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate markets.
disruptions in the credit markets may have a material adverse effect on our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. if our clients are unable to obtain credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer property leasing, disposition and acquisition transactions. for example, in 2023, central banks around the world continued to raise interest rates in efforts to rein in inflation, reducing credit availability. less available and more expensive debt capital had pronounced effects on our capital markets, mortgage origination and property sales businesses. in addition, under such conditions, our investment management and development services businesses may be unable to attract capital or achieve returns sufficient to earn incentive fees and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if any such disruption causes a prolonged decline in the value of investments made.
risks related to our operations currency fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the u.s. and, as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. during the year ended december 31, 2023, approximately 45% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies. we also report our results in u.s. dollars. as a result, the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar will positively or negatively impact our reported results, including revenue and earnings as well as the assets under management for our investment management business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results.
our operations are subject to international social, political and economic risks in foreign countries.
international economic trends, foreign governmental policy actions and the following factors may have a material adverse effect on the performance of our business:
•difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;
•currency restrictions, transfer-pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits;
•adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements and regimes or uncertainty about the application of or the future of such regulatory or tax requirements and regimes;
•responsibility for complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions (e.g., with respect to data privacy and protection, sustainability, corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing);
•the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, including those related to public health or safety events;
•greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable or delays in client payments in some geographic regions;
•rising interest rates and less available and more expensive debt capital resulting from efforts by central banks outside the u.s. to rein in inflation;
•foreign ownership restrictions in certain countries, particularly in asia pacific and the middle east, or the risk that such restrictions will be adopted in the future; and
•changes in laws or policies governing foreign trade or investment and use of foreign operations or workers, and any negative sentiments towards multinational companies as a result of any such changes to laws or policies as well as other geopolitical risks.
our international operations require us to comply with a broad range of complex legal and regulatory environments in which we operate. we may not be successful in complying with regulations in all situations and violations may result in criminal or material civil sanctions and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. furthermore, our efforts to comply with developments in these laws may adversely impact our business.
we have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in select markets and to develop local sales and support channels. if we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. in addition, we have established operations and seek to grow our presence in many emerging markets to further expand our global platform. however, we may not be successful in effectively evaluating and monitoring the key business, operational, legal and compliance risks specific to those markets. the political and cultural risks present in emerging countries could also harm our ability to successfully execute our operations or manage our businesses there.
we have numerous local, regional and global competitors across all of our business lines and the geographies that we serve, and further industry consolidation, fragmentation or innovation could lead to significant future competition.
we compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services and investment industry, including property management, facilities management, project and transaction management, tenant and landlord leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales and commercial mortgage origination) and mortgage services, real estate investment management, valuation, loan servicing, development services and proprietary research. although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2023 revenue, our relative competitive position varies across geographies, property types and services and business lines.
depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other commercial real estate services providers and investment firms, including outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have expanded their offerings from time to time, in-house corporate real estate departments, developers, flexible space providers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers and accounting and consulting firms. some of these firms may have greater financial resources allocated to a particular geography, property type or service or business line than we have allocated to that geography, property type, service or business line. in addition, future changes in laws could lead to the entry of other new competitors, such as financial institutions.
some of our competitors are larger than us on a local or regional basis despite having a smaller global footprint. we also compete with large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and investment competencies to ours, and it is possible that further industry consolidation could lead to much larger and more formidable competitors globally or in the particular geographies, property types, service or business lines that we serve. in addition, disruptive innovation by existing or new competitors could alter the competitive landscape in the future and require us to accurately identify and assess such changes and make timely and effective changes to our strategies and business model to compete effectively. furthermore, we are substantially dependent on long-term client relationships and on revenue received for services under various service agreements. many of these agreements may be canceled by the client for any reason with as little as 30 to 60 days' notice, as is typical in the industry.
in this competitive market, if we are unable to effectively execute on our strategy and differentiate ourselves from our competitors, maintain long-term client relationships or are otherwise unable to retain existing clients and develop new clients, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition may be materially adversely affected. there is no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share.
our growth and financial performance have benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be available in the future.
acquisitions have accounted for a significant component of our growth over time. any future growth through acquisitions will depend in part upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, terms and conditions, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. we may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, which could increase the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt. acquisitions involve risks that business judgments made concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove to be incorrect. future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which could include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others.
we have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. this could result in the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or clients or those of the acquired operations. the integration process itself may be costly and may adversely impact our business and the acquired company's business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of accounting and information technology systems.
we complete acquisitions with the expectation that they will result in various benefits, but the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions are subject to a number of uncertainties, including the ability to timely realize accretive benefits, the level of attrition from professionals licensed or associated with the acquired companies and whether we can successfully integrate the acquired business. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our overall business, financial condition and operating results.
our brand and reputation are key assets of our company, and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.
our brand and reputation are key assets, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. our ability to attract and retain clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, management, workplace culture, financial condition, our response to unexpected events and other subjective qualities. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters, even if related to seemingly isolated incidents and whether or not factually correct, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients, which could make it difficult for us to attract new clients and maintain existing ones. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including handling of complaints, regulatory compliance, such as compliance with government sanctions, the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), the u.k. bribery act and other anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, the use and protection of client and other sensitive information and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. furthermore, as a company with headquarters and operations located in the u.s., a negative perception of the u.s. arising from its political or other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand abroad. although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity would materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. social media channels may also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brand. our brand and reputation may also be harmed by the actions of third parties that are outside of our control, including vendors and joint venture partners.
the protection of our brand, including related trademarks, may require the expenditure of significant financial and operational resources. moreover, the steps we take to protect our brand may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks. even when we detect infringement or misappropriation of our trademarks, we may not be able to enforce all such trademarks. any unauthorized use by third parties of our brand may adversely affect our brand. furthermore, as we continue to expand our business, especially internationally, there is a risk we may face claims of infringement or other alleged violations of third-party intellectual property rights, which may restrict us from leveraging our brand in a manner consistent with our business goals.
our real estate investments businesses, including our real estate investment programs and co-investment activities, subject us to performance and real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in our earnings and cash flow and impact our ability to raise capital for future investments.
the revenue, net income and cash flows generated by our investment management business line within our real estate investments segment may be volatile primarily because the management, transaction and incentive fees may vary as a result of market movements. in the event that any of the investment programs that our investment management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flows could decline, because the value of the assets we manage would decrease and thereby reduce our management fees and our investment returns, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. moreover, we could experience losses on co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance.
an important part of the strategy for our real estate investments segment involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. as of december 31, 2023, we had a net investment of approximately $337.0 million and had committed $180.4 million to fund future co-investments in our investment funds, approximately $128.0 million of which is expected to be funded during 2024. in addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. the failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. participating as a co-investor is an important part of our investment management line of business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments.
selective investment in real estate projects is critical to our development services business strategy within our real estate investments segment, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. as of december 31, 2023, we were involved as a principal in 36 real estate projects that were consolidated in our financial statements with invested equity of $526.7 million and co-invested with our clients in approximately 132 unconsolidated real estate projects with a net investment of $358.8 million. we had committed additional capital of $230.1 million and $73.9 million to consolidated and unconsolidated projects, respectively, as of december 31, 2023.
during the ordinary course of business within our development services business line, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. if we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
because the disposition of a single significant investment may affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could cause fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows. in many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee.
the success of our global workplace solutions segment depends on our ability to enter into mutually beneficial contracts, deliver high quality levels of service and accurately assess working capital requirements.
contracts for our global workplace solutions clients often include complex terms regarding payment of fees, risk transfer, liability limitations, termination, due diligence and transition timeframes. further, the facilities management and project management businesses within our global workplace solutions segment are often impacted by transition activities in the first year of a contract as well as the timing of starting operations on these large client contracts. if we are unable to negotiate contracts with our clients in a timely manner and on mutually beneficial terms, or there is a delay in becoming fully operational, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted. further, if we fail to deliver the high-quality levels of service expected by our clients, it may result in reputational and financial damage, and could impact our ability to retain existing clients and attract new clients.
our global workplace solutions segment also requires us to accurately model the working capital needs of this business. should we fail to accurately assess working capital requirements, the cash flows generated by this business may be adversely impacted. in addition, if we do not accurately assess the creditworthiness of a client or if a client's creditworthiness changes during the term of the contract, we could potentially be unable to collect on any outstanding payments.
we have concentrations of business with large clients, which may cause increased credit risk and greater impact from the loss of certain clients and increased risks from higher limitations of liability in contracts.
having large and concentrated clients may lead to greater or more concentrated risks of loss if, among other possibilities, such a client (i) experiences its own financial problems, which may lead to larger individual credit risks; (ii) becomes bankrupt or insolvent, which may lead to our failure to be paid for services we have previously provided or funds we have previously advanced; (iii) decides to reduce its real estate operations; (iv) makes a change in its real estate strategy; (v) decides to change its providers of real estate services; or (vi) merges with another corporation or otherwise undergoes a change of control, which may result in new management taking over with a different real estate philosophy or in different relationships with other real estate providers. in addition, competitive conditions, particularly in connection with increasingly large clients, may require us to compromise on certain contract terms with respect to the payment of fees, the extent of risk transfer, or acting as principal rather than agent in connection with supplier relationships, liability limitations, credit terms and other contractual terms, or in connection with disputes or potential litigation. where competitive pressures result in higher levels of potential liability under our contracts, the cost of operational errors and other activities for which we have indemnified our clients will be greater and may not be fully insured.
a significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business depends upon our relationships with u.s. government sponsored enterprises.
a significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business (which we conduct through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries) depends upon our relationship with the federal national mortgage association (fannie mae), and the federal home loan mortgage corporation (freddie mac), collectively the government sponsored enterprises (gses). as an approved seller/servicer for the gses, we are required to comply with various eligibility criteria and are required to originate and service loans in accordance with their individual program requirements, including participation in loss sharing and repurchase arrangements. failure to comply with these requirements may result in termination or withdrawal of our approval to sell and service the gse loans.
a failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements could result in economic and reputational harm to us.
we rely on third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to perform activities on behalf of our organization to improve quality, increase efficiencies, cut costs and lower operational risks across our business and support functions. we have instituted a supplier code of conduct, which is intended to communicate to our vendors the standards of conduct we expect them to uphold. our contracts with vendors typically impose a contractual obligation to comply with our supplier code of conduct. in addition, we leverage technology to help us better screen vendors, with the aim of gaining a deeper understanding of the compliance, data privacy, health and safety, environmental, sustainability and other risks posed to our business by potential and existing vendors. if our third parties do not have the proper safeguards and controls in place, or appropriate oversight cannot be provided, we could be exposed to increased operational, regulatory, financial or reputational risks. a failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements in a high quality and timely manner could result in economic and reputational harm to us. in addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or company information, could cause damage to our reputation and harm to our business.
our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees.
our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. while certain of our executive officers and key employees are subject to long-term compensatory arrangements, there is no assurance that we will be able to retain all key members of our senior management. we also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. the departure of any of our key employees, or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, including diverse talent, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to materially suffer. competition for employee talent is intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel, including diverse talent. in addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in all areas of our business. if we were to experience significant employee attrition or turnover, it could lead to increased recruitment and training costs as well as operating inefficiencies that could adversely impact our results of operation. we and our competitors use equity incentives and sign-on and retention bonuses to help attract, retain and incentivize key personnel. as competition is significant for the services of such personnel, the expense of such incentives and bonuses may increase, which could negatively impact our profitability, or result in our inability to attract or retain such personnel to the same extent that we have in the past. if we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited, and our business and operating results could materially suffer.
if we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our global operations, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives.
our global operations present significant management and organizational challenges. it might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. it might also become more difficult to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals. the size of our employee base increases the possibility that we will have individuals who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to business and reputational risks. if we are not successful in continuing to develop and implement the processes and tools designed to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our reputation and ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. in addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change. if we do not successfully implement any such changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively and materially impacted.
our policies, procedures and programs to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees and others may not be adequate.
we have approximately 130,000 employees (including turner & townsend employees) as well as independent contractors working in over 100 countries. we have undertaken to implement what we believe to be best practices to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees, independent contractors, clients and others at our worksites. however, if these policies, procedures and programs are not adequate, or employees do not receive related adequate training or follow them for any reason, the consequences may be severe to us, including serious injury or loss of life, which could impair our operations and cause us to incur significant legal liability or fines as well as reputational damage. our insurance may not cover, or may be insufficient to cover, any legal liability or fines that we incur for health, safety or security incidents.
we may be subject to actual or perceived conflicts of interest.
similar to other global services companies with different business lines and a broad client base, we may be subject to potential conflicts of interests in the provision of our services. for example, conflicts may arise from our role in advising or representing both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. in certain cases, we are also subject to fiduciary obligations to our clients. in such situations, our policies are designed to give full disclosure and transparency to all parties as well as implement appropriate barriers on information-sharing and other activities to ensure each party's interests are protected; however, there can be no assurance that our policies will be successful in every case. if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and appropriately address potential conflicts of interest or fiduciary obligations, there could be an adverse effect on our business or reputation regardless of whether any such claims have merit. in addition, it is possible that in some jurisdictions, regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for certain parties where potential conflicts may exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets. there can be no assurance that potential conflicts of interest will not materially adversely affect us.
infrastructure disruptions, climate change, natural disasters and other events may disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients.
our ability to conduct a global business may be adversely impacted by disruptions to the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which they are located. this may include disruptions as a result of political instability, public health crises, attacks on our information technology systems, war or other hostilities, terrorist attacks, interruptions or delays in services from third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers, employee errors or malfeasance, building defects, utility outages, the effects of climate change and natural disasters such as fires, earthquakes, floods and hurricanes. the infrastructure disruptions we may experience as a result of such events could also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of our real estate investments in our investment management and development services businesses. furthermore, to the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, certain regions where we operate could experience increases in storm intensity, extreme temperatures, rising sea-levels and/or drought. over time, these conditions could result in declining demand for commercial real estate, decreased value of any real estate investments we hold in those regions or result in increases in our operating costs. the buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world's largest office properties and retail centers, are used by people daily. we also manage the critical facilities (including data centers) that our clients rely on to serve the public and their customers, where unplanned downtime could potentially disrupt other parts of their businesses or society. as a result, fires, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, other natural disasters, building defects, acts of war, terrorist attacks, mass shootings or infrastructure disruptions may result in significant loss of life or injury, and, to the extent we are held to have been negligent in connection with our management of the affected properties, we could incur significant financial liabilities and reputational harm.
our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized, could materially harm our business.
we have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments, select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the u.s. and internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. under our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local brokerage, property management or other operations pursuant to which we license to that operation our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation's revenue, profits or transactional activity. in many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. in addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. if a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to our indebtedness our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable.
as of december 31, 2023, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally non-recourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, cbre capital markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was $2.8 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2023, our interest expense was $243.2 million.
our debt instruments impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. these restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to:
•plan for or react to market conditions;
•meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and
•finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest, including:
◦incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness;
◦entering into mergers and consolidations;
◦creating liens; and
◦entering into sale/leaseback transactions.
our credit agreements require us to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of consolidated ebitda (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) to consolidated interest expense (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) less available cash (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) to consolidated ebitda as of the end of each fiscal quarter. our ability to meet these financial ratios may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. we continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreements.
a breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. if any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreements and noteholders with respect to our senior notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under our credit agreements also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings thereunder. in addition, a default under our credit agreements or senior notes could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments.
we have limited restrictions on the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. in addition, in the event of a credit-ratings downgrade, our ability to borrow and the costs of such borrowings could be adversely affected.
subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by the covenants under our debt instruments, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, and so we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to finance our operations and investments. in addition, moody's investors service, inc. and standard & poor's ratings services, rate our significant outstanding debt. these ratings, and any downgrades of them, may affect our ability to borrow as well as the costs of our current and future borrowings.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly and potentially limit our ability to effectively refinance our indebtedness as it matures.
borrowings under certain of our debt instruments bear interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed will remain the same, and our net income and operating cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease.
additionally, our ability to refinance portions of our indebtedness in advance of their maturity dates depends on securing new financing bearing interest at rates that we are able to service. while we believe that we currently have adequate cash flows to service the interest rates currently applicable to our indebtedness, if interest rate were to continue to rise significantly, we might be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to meet our debt service obligations at such increased rates.
risks related to our information technology, cybersecurity and data protection failure to maintain and execute information technology strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive in the market.
our business relies heavily on information technology, including solutions provided by third parties, to deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. if we are unable to effectively execute or maintain our information technology strategies or adopt new technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our ability to deliver high-quality services may be materially impaired. in addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and efficiencies. implementation of such investments in information technology could exceed estimated budgets and we may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. if we are unable to maintain current information technology and processes or encounter delays, or fail to exploit new technologies, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. similarly, our employees require effective tools, technologies and techniques to perform functions integral to our business. failure to successfully provide such items, or ensure that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes.
interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to provide our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and materially harm our operating results.
our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. our ability to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or our infrastructure. our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyberattacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control. cyberattacks and malware pose growing threats to many companies, and we, as well as our third-party service providers, have been a target and may continue to be a target of such threats, which could expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs and cause material harm to our business and financial results. in addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, contractors and vendors, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans. furthermore, while we have certain business interruption and cyber insurance coverage and various contractual arrangements that can serve to mitigate costs, damages and liabilities, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. we have crisis management, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers and third-party cloud hosting providers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.
our business relies heavily on the use of commercial real estate data. a portion of this data is purchased or licensed from third-party providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability or accuracy. a disruption of our ability to provide data to our professionals and/or our clients or an inadvertent exposure of proprietary data could damage our reputation and competitive position, and our operating results could be adversely affected.
failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personal information and other client information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could materially adversely affect us.
security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks, as well as that of third-party vendors, could compromise our information and intellectual property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store confidential data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personal information (also referred to as "personal data" or "personally identifiable information") of our employees, contractors and vendors, in our data centers, networks and third-party cloud hosting providers. the secure collection, use, storage, retention, maintenance, sharing, processing, transfer, transmission, disclosure, and protection (collectively, "processing") of this information is critical to our operations. although we and our vendors continue to implement new security measures and regularly conduct employee training, our information technology and infrastructure may nevertheless be vulnerable to cyberattacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. these risks have been heightened in connection with the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and we cannot be certain how this new risk landscape will impact our operations. when geopolitical conflicts develop, critical infrastructures may be targeted by state-sponsored cyberattacks even if they are not directly involved in the conflict. an increasing number of companies that rely on information and technology networks have disclosed breaches of their security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on portions of their websites or infrastructure. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently, may be difficult to detect, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. to date, we have not experienced any cybersecurity breaches that have been material, either individually or in the aggregate. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent any material events from occurring in the future.
our business is subject to complex and evolving united states and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity. many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business.
we are subject to numerous united states federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cybersecurity that govern the processing of certain data (including personal information, sensitive information, health information, and other regulated data). these laws and regulations are increasing in severity, complexity and number, change frequently, and increasingly conflict among the various jurisdictions in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us.
in addition, we are also subject to the possibility of security breaches and other incidents, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws. for example, the european union general data protection regulation (gdpr) became effective on may 25, 2018, and has resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for businesses established in the european union (eu) or european economic area (eea) or who are established outside the eu or eea and offer goods or services, or monitor the behavior of individuals located in the eu or eea, including with respect to cross-border transfers of personal information. under gdpr, fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4% of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater, may be imposed for violations. further, the u.k.'s withdrawal from the eu and ongoing developments in the u.k. have created additional compliance obligations and some uncertainty regarding whether data protection regulation in the u.k. will further diverge from the gdpr. as of december 31, 2023, we are required to comply with the gdpr as well as the u.k. equivalent and other global data protection laws (including in switzerland, japan, singapore, china, united arab emirates, australia, and brazil), the implementation of which exposes us to parallel data protection regimes, each of which potentially authorizes similar fines and other enforcement actions for certain violations.
in the u.s., the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (as amended by the california privacy rights act of 2020) broadly defines personal information, gives california residents expanded privacy rights and protections, and provides for civil penalties for certain violations, and established a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. at least a dozen states including colorado, connecticut, texas and virginia, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws protecting residents acting in their individual or household capacities, and several states, most notably illinois, have passed laws regulating the processing of biometric information. these state laws impose additional obligations and requirements on impacted businesses.
we are also subject to an increasing number of reporting obligations in respect of material cybersecurity incidents. these reporting requirements have been proposed or implemented by a number of regulators in different jurisdictions, may vary in their scope and application, and could contain conflicting requirements. certain of these rules and regulations may require us to report a cybersecurity incident before we have been able to fully assess its impact or remediate the underlying issue. efforts to comply with such reporting requirements could divert management's attention from our cybersecurity incident response and could potentially reveal system vulnerabilities to threat actors. failure to timely report cybersecurity incidents under these rules could also result in regulatory investigations, litigation, monetary fines, sanctions, or subject us to other forms of liability.
a significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personal information or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance or otherwise, perceived or actual non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, harm our relationships with contractors and vendors, damage our reputation, result in the loss of a competitive advantage, impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and investor confidence. additionally, we rely on third parties to support our information and technology networks, including cloud storage solution providers, and as a result have less direct control over our data and information technology systems. such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, for which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation.
legal and regulatory related risks we are subject to various litigation and regulatory risks and may face financial liabilities and/or damage to our reputation as a result of litigation or regulatory investigations or proceedings.
our businesses are exposed to various litigation and regulatory risks, especially within our valuations business. although we maintain insurance coverage for most of this risk, insurance coverage is unavailable at commercially reasonable pricing for certain types of exposures. additionally, our insurance policies may not cover us in the event of grossly negligent or intentionally wrongful conduct. accordingly, an adverse result in a litigation against us, or a lawsuit that results in a substantial legal liability for us (and particularly a lawsuit that is not insured), could have a disproportionate and material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, an adverse result in regulatory proceedings, if applicable, could result in fines or other liabilities or adversely impact our operations. prolonged or complex investigations, even if they do not result in regulatory or other proceedings or adverse findings, may result in significant costs that may not be covered by insurance and in diversion of employee resources. in addition, we depend on our business relationships and our reputation for high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. as a result, allegations against us, or the announcement of a regulatory investigation involving us, irrespective of the ultimate outcome of that allegation or investigation, may harm our professional reputation and as such materially damage our business and its prospects.
our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by new laws or regulations or by changes in existing laws or regulations or the application thereof. if we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us, or make incorrect determinations in complex tax regimes, we may incur material financial penalties.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-u.s. laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business. brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of property management and valuation services require us and our employees to maintain applicable licenses in each u.s. state and certain non-u.s. jurisdictions in which we perform these services. if we and our employees fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. a number of our services, including the services provided by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, cbre capital markets and cbre investment management, are subject to regulation by the securities and exchange commission (sec), financial industry regulatory authority (finra), or other self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. we could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance with these regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
we are also subject to laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental, employment laws and anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, including the fair labor standards act, occupational health and safety regulations, u.s. state wage-and-hour laws, the u.s. fcpa and the u.k. bribery act. failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of significant fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants and significant amounts paid in legal fees or settlements of these matters.
telford homes, our residential development subsidiary in the u.k., is subject to certain u.k. laws and requirements that obligates u.k. homebuilders to remediate or fund the remediation work relating to certain fire-safety issues on their constructed buildings. the aggregate costs and liabilities related to these remediations are uncertain and may be material. in the event telford homes is unable to satisfy its obligations and liabilities under such government requirements and u.k. laws, telford homes and potentially its affiliates could face material business interruption, litigation, liabilities and reputational damage.
as the size and scope of our business has increased significantly, compliance with numerous licensing and other regulatory requirements and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have both increased. new or revised legislation or regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the u.s., as well as changes in administrations or enforcement priorities may have an adverse effect on our business, including increasing the costs of regulatory compliance or preventing us from providing certain types of services in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain transactions or clients. we are unable to predict how any of these new laws, rules, regulations and proposals will be implemented or in what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to laws or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance (esg) matters, that could expose us to numerous risks.
recently, there has been heightened interest from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public in esg matters and increasingly regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on esg matters and related disclosures. such governmental, investor and societal attention to esg matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report.
we are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the sec, the new york stock exchange and the financial accounting standards board. further, new and emerging regulatory initiatives in the u.s., eu and u.k. related to climate change and esg could adversely affect our business, including, for example, initiatives such as the european commission's may 2018 "action plan on financing sustainable growth" and taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures (tcfd)-aligned disclosure requirements in the u.k. these and other rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by the u.s. congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. these changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. for example, developing and acting on new or ongoing initiatives within the scope of esg, and collecting, measuring and reporting esg related information and metrics may be costly, difficult and time consuming and subject to evolving reporting standards, including the sec's proposed climate-related reporting requirements, california's climate corporate data accountability act and greenhouse gases: climate-related financial risk act, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. further, we may choose to communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other esg related matters, in our sec filings or in other public disclosures. these initiatives and goals within the scope of esg could be difficult and expensive to implement and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. statements about our esg related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. we could also be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions thereto. if we are unable to adequately address such esg matters or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of esg on a timely basis, or at all, or if we or our borrowers fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results.
exposure to additional tax liabilities and changes in tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial results.
we operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a variable effective tax rate. due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions where we operate, we are often required to make subjective determinations. the tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of tax law. such disagreements could result in disputes and, ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities in the jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter.
in addition, changes in tax laws or regulations and multi-jurisdictional changes enacted in response to the action items provided by the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd) increase tax uncertainty and could impact the company's effective tax rate and provision for income taxes. given the unpredictability of possible further changes to and the potential interdependency of the united states or foreign tax laws and regulations, it is difficult to predict the cumulative effect of such tax laws and regulations on the company's results of operations.
we may be subject to environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of real estate.
various laws and regulations impose liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. in our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable as an operator for such costs. this liability may be imposed without regard to the legality of the original actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. if we fail to disclose environmental issues, we could also be liable to a buyer or lessee of a property. if we incur any such liability, our business could suffer significantly as it could be difficult for us to develop or sell such properties, or borrow funds using such properties as collateral. in the event of a substantial liability, our insurance coverage might be insufficient to pay the full damages, or the scope of available coverage may not cover certain of these liabilities. additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more stringent future environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all of our lines of business.
risks related to our internal controls and accounting policies if we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and our results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected.
the accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. because of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. if we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, incur incremental compliance costs, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, or be required to restate our financial statements, and our results of operations, our stock price and our ability to obtain new business could be materially adversely affected.
our goodwill and other intangible assets could become impaired, which may require us to take material non-cash charges against earnings.
under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, and such charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders' equity and our stock price. a significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. if we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
risks related to our investments we have equity investments in certain companies or projects that we do not control, which subject us to risks related to their respective businesses.
as of december 31, 2023, we had over $1.5 billion invested in certain companies and projects that we do not control that were accounted for under the cost/measurement alternative method of accounting, equity method or fair value. these investments are subject to risks related to the businesses in which we invest, which may be different than the risks inherent in our own business. factors beyond our control may significantly influence the value of these investments and may cause their fair value to decrease or adversely impact our ability to recognize a gain on such investments. these factors include decisions made by management or controlling stockholders of such businesses, who may have interests different than those of cbre, and instability in the capital markets. any of these factors, among others, could cause an impairment, realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in the future, we may acquire more equity investments that are not consolidated, which could increase our exposure to the risks described above.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion provides an analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations from management's perspective and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report. discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 and comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 are included in part ii, item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's 2022 annual report filed with the sec on february 27, 2023.
overview cbre is the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment firm (based on 2023 revenue). we serve clients through three business segments - advisory services, global workplace solutions (gws) and real estate investments (rei) - which are described in "item 1. business." we generate revenue from both stable, resilient sources (large multi-year portfolio and per-project contracts) and non-recurring sources, including commissions on transactions. our revenue mix has become more weighted towards resilient revenue sources, particularly occupier outsourcing, and our dependence on cyclical property sales and lease transaction revenue has declined. transactional revenue and earnings within our advisory services segment (notably property sales and leasing) have historically been highest in the year's fourth quarter due to the focus on completing transactions prior to year-end. however, our consolidated results have become less seasonal in recent years, as our reliance on transactional revenue has decreased.
business environment the operating environment for commercial real estate was significantly challenged in 2023. markedly higher borrowing and constricted capital availability, particularly following the regional bank failures in march, depressed commercial real estate investment and financing and inhibited our ability to harvest gains from our real estate development and investment management portfolios. real estate leasing markets were negatively impacted by economic uncertainty and the slow progress of company return-to-office plans, which resulted in reduced office demand, higher space availability and generally lower market rents. demand for industrial space was firmer but down from record levels of recent years and an increase in new construction pushed up vacancy rates. persistent inflation across the economy also required us to increase compensation expense to retain top talent and our development businesses incurred higher input costs for construction materials. on the other hand, we believe that contractual provisions in some parts of our business provide some protection against inflation.
results of operations the following presents highlights of cbre's performance for the year ended december 31, 2023:
revenue                     net revenue (1)         gaap net income
$31.9b                              $18.3b                   $986m
3.6%                              (2.7)%                 (30.0)%
core ebitda (1)       gaap earnings per share (eps)            core eps (1)
$2.2b                               $3.15                   $3.84
(24.5)%                             (26.6)%                 (32.5)%
the real estate capital markets environment weighed on our business performance in 2023, particularly the transactional business lines within advisory services and real estate investments segments, which are sensitive to market cycles. while overall net revenue fell 3%, our resilient business lines (including the entire gws business, property management, loan servicing, asset management fees and valuations), together, grew net revenue at a 10% clip(1). these business lines are well-positioned for growth across market cycles. on the other hand, revenue from the transactional components of our business (sales, leasing, mortgage origination, carried interest and incentive and development fees) slumped 21% last year, but are poised to resume strong growth when the market cycle turns.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
(1)see non-gaap financial measures section in item 7 of this annual report.
despite the year's challenges, we invested approximately $961.3 million in share buybacks (repurchasing approximately 7,867,348 shares), infill m&a and other strategic investments, while ending the year below the midpoint of our target leverage range, giving us substantial liquidity to finance future growth.
the following table sets forth items derived from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                       2022
revenue:
net revenue:
facilities management                                                $5,806                      18.2   %                  $5,137                      16.7   %
property management                                                   1,840                       5.8   %                   1,777                       5.8   %
project management                                                    3,124                       9.8   %                   2,735                       8.9   %
valuation                                                               716                       2.2   %                     765                       2.5   %
loan servicing                                                          317                       1.0   %                     311                       1.0   %
advisory leasing                                                      3,503                      11.0   %                   3,872                      12.6   %
capital markets:
advisory sales                                                        1,611                       5.0   %                   2,523                       8.2   %
commercial mortgage origination                                         424                       1.3   %                     563                       1.8   %
investment management                                                   592                       1.9   %                     595                       1.9   %
development services                                                    360                       1.1   %                     515                       1.7   %
corporate, other and eliminations                                      (17)                     (0.1)   %                    (16)                     (0.1)   %
total net revenue                                                    18,276                      57.2   %                  18,777                      60.9   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                        13,673                      42.8   %                  12,051                      39.1   %
total revenue                                                        31,949                     100.0   %                  30,828                     100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                      25,675                      80.4   %                  24,239                      78.6   %
operating, administrative and other                                   4,562                      14.3   %                   4,649                      15.1   %
depreciation and amortization                                           622                       1.9   %                     613                       2.0   %
asset impairments                                                         -                       0.0   %                      59                       0.2   %
total costs and expenses                                             30,859                      96.6   %                  29,560                      95.9   %
gain on disposition of real estate                                       27                       0.1   %                     244                       0.8   %
operating income                                                      1,117                       3.5   %                   1,512                       4.9   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                          248                       0.8   %                     229                       0.7   %
other income (loss)                                                      61                       0.2   %                    (12)                       0.0   %
interest expense, net of interest income                                149                       0.5   %                      69                       0.2   %
write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt                         -                       0.0   %                       2                       0.0   %
income before provision for income taxes                              1,277                       4.0   %                   1,658                       5.4   %
provision for income taxes                                              250                       0.8   %                     234                       0.8   %
net income                                                            1,027                       3.2   %                   1,424                       4.6   %
less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests               41                       0.1   %                      17                       0.1   %
net income attributable to cbre group, inc.                            $986                       3.1   %                  $1,407                       4.6   %
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
we reported consolidated net income of $985.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 on revenue of $31.9 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $1.4 billion on revenue of $30.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022.
revenue rose by $1.1 billion, or 3.6%, for the year, led by a 13.4% increase in the gws segment, which benefited from new client wins, contract expansions, and in-fill acquisitions. advisory services segment revenue decreased by 14.0%, as macroeconomic uncertainty and high interest rates, curbed property leasing, sales and financing activity. these economic conditions also impacted the timing and value of asset and fund monetization in the rei segment, where revenue declined 14.2%. foreign currency translation was a 0.5% drag on revenue, reflecting weakness in the canadian dollar, argentina peso and australian dollar, partially offset by strength in the euro.
cost of revenue increased by $1.4 billion, or 5.9%, during the year, due to higher costs associated with our gws segment given the growth. cost of revenue declined in our advisory services and rei segments, reflecting the variable nature of much of these segments' costs. foreign currency translation had a 0.5% benefit to total costs. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue increased to 80.4% in 2023 as compared to 78.6% in 2022, largely due to a shift in revenue mix toward the gws segment, which generally has lower gross margin. in addition, certain charges associated with our cost reduction and efficiency initiatives also contributed to an increase in cost of revenue this year.
operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by $87.5 million, or 1.9%, for the year, driven by lower incentive compensation in the rei segment, reflecting the overall decline in revenue. in addition, we recorded approximately $185.9 million related to telford homes' fire safety remediation charges in 2022 that did not recur in 2023. gws incurred higher infrastructure costs in support of revenue growth. other factors weighing on expenses in 2023 include efficiency and cost reduction charges, increased professional fees associated with various capital allocation opportunities, certain legal settlement charges and higher bad debt expenses. foreign currency translation had a 0.3% benefit on operating expenses for the year. operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 14.3% from 15.1% in 2022, mainly due to gws revenue outpacing operating expense growth and the telford homes fire safety remediation charges in 2022.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $8.9 million, or 1.4%, during the year, due to continued investment in capital assets and depreciation and amortization associated with fixed assets and intangible assets acquired as part of in-fill acquisitions. these increases were partially offset by lower amortization expense compared with 2022, when loan payoffs in our capital markets loan servicing business increased amortization.
we did not record any asset impairments in 2023 versus $58.7 million in 2022, including $10.4 million related to our exit of the advisory services business in russia; $26.4 million for non-cash goodwill impairment and $21.9 million for non-cash trade name impairment both related to telford homes in our rei segment. the telford homes charges were attributable to the effect of elevated inflation on construction, materials and labor costs, which reduced profitability because sales prices for the build-to-rent developments were fixed at the time the developments were sold to a long-term investor.
gain on disposition of real estate decreased by $216.9 million in 2023. economic uncertainty and higher interest rates constrained asset sales in the rei segment compared with significant gains in 2022.
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries increased by $19.3 million, or 8.4%, in 2023, reflecting improved equity pickups and fair value adjustments in our non-core investment portfolio this year. this was partially offset by lower equity earnings associated with property sales reported in our rei segment.
other income on a consolidated basis was $60.8 million in 2023 versus a loss of $11.9 million in 2022. current-year activity primarily includes a one-time gain of approximately $34.2 million associated with remeasuring an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary to fair value as of the date the remaining controlling interest was acquired. in addition, we also recorded approximately $6.0 million in gain upon conversion of a debt security and net favorable fair value adjustments of $7.6 million on securities portfolio owned by our wholly-owned captive insurance company during the year. losses in 2022 were primarily due to sales of certain marketable equity securities.
consolidated interest expense, net of interest income, increased by $80.2 million, or 116.3%, in 2023, reflecting higher interest rates, increased borrowings on the revolving credit facilities, the issuance of new senior notes in the second quarter and borrowings on senior term loans in the third quarter of this year.
our provision for income taxes on a consolidated basis was $249.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $234.2 million in 2022. our effective tax rate increased to 19.5% in 2023 from 14.1% in 2022. the increase is primarily due to the one-time benefit in 2022 related to the outside basis differences recognized as a result of a legal entity restructuring.
the organization for economic co-operation & development (oecd) pillar two model rules established a minimum global effective tax rate of 15% on country-by-country profits of large multinational companies. european union member states along with many other countries adopted or expected to adopt the oecd pillar two model effective january 1, 2024 or thereafter. the oecd and other countries continue to publish guidelines and legislation which include transition and safe harbor rules. we continue to monitor new legislative changes and assess the global impact of the pillar two model rules. based on our initial assessment we anticipate pillar two top-up taxes to be immaterial.
segment operations we organize our operations around, and publicly report our financial results on, three global business segments: (1) advisory services; (2) global workplace solutions; and (3) real estate investments. we also have a corporate and other segment. for additional information on our segments, see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
advisory services the following table summarizes our results of operations for our advisory services operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2022
revenue:
net revenue:
property management                                                                                                                                                           $1,840                      21.7   %                  $1,777                    18.0   %
valuation                                                                                                                                                                        716                       8.4   %                     765                     7.7   %
loan servicing                                                                                                                                                                   317                       3.7   %                     311                     3.2   %
advisory leasing                                                                                                                                                               3,503                      41.2   %                   3,872                    39.2   %
capital markets:
advisory sales                                                                                                                                                                 1,611                      19.0   %                   2,523                    25.5   %
commercial mortgage origination                                                                                                                                                  424                       5.0   %                     563                     5.7   %
total segment net revenue                                                                                                                                                      8,411                      99.0   %                   9,811                    99.3   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                                                                                                                                     88                       1.0   %                      72                     0.7   %
total segment revenue                                                                                                                                                          8,499                     100.0   %                   9,883                   100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                                                                                                                5,147                      60.6   %                   5,980                    60.5   %
operating, administrative and other                                                                                                                                            2,076                      24.4   %                   2,055                    20.8   %
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                    289                       3.4   %                     311                     3.1   %
asset impairments                                                                                                                                                                  -                       0.0   %                      10                     0.1   %
total costs and expenses                                                                                                                                                       7,512                      88.4   %                   8,356                    84.5   %
operating income                                                                                                                                                                 987                      11.6   %                   1,527                    15.5   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                                                                                                                     4                       0.0   %                      15                     0.1   %
other income                                                                                                                                                                      46                       0.5   %                       1                     0.0   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                          289                       3.4   %                     311                     3.1   %
add-back: asset impairments                                                                                                                                                        -                       0.0   %                      10                     0.1   %
adjustments:
one-time gain associated with remeasuring an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary to fair value as of the date the remaining controlling interest was acquired            (34)                     (0.4)   %                       -                     0.0   %
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                                                                                                                   72                       0.9   %                      46                     0.5   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin                                                                                                       $1,364                      16.0   %                  $1,910                    19.3   %
segment operating profit on net revenue margin                                                                                                                                                            16.2   %                                            19.5   %
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
revenue decreased by $1.4 billion, or 14.0%, in 2023 with declines across most lines of business, except property management and loan servicing. sales revenue fell 36.2%, mortgage origination revenue decreased 24.7%, leasing revenue declined 9.5%, and valuation revenue dropped 6.3%. a stressed lending environment made it difficult to access capital at a reasonable cost, thereby constraining capital markets activity. property management revenue was up 3.5% due to new clients and expanded opportunities with existing clients, mainly in the u.s. loan servicing revenue was up 1.9% given growth in the servicing portfolio, which closed 2023 at an all-time high of $410 billion. our americas and europe, middle east and africa (emea) regions were more affected by the macroeconomic conditions than asia-pacific (apac), where performance matched the prior year. foreign currency translation was a 0.5% drag on revenue in 2023, primarily driven by weakness in the japanese yen, australian dollar and canadian dollar, partially offset by strength in the euro.
cost of revenue decreased by $833.1 million, or 13.9%, in 2023 primarily due to our variable compensation structure, which saw commission expense fall in line with lower sales and leasing revenue. foreign currency translation had a 0.5% positive impact on cost of revenue, while as a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue remained relatively flat at approximately 60% for both years. this was due to a shift in revenue composition whereby high-margin capital markets revenue decreased while lower-margin property management and loan servicing revenue increased.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $21.2 million, or 1.0%, in 2023. this slight increase resulted from employee separation benefits and lease termination charges, certain legal settlement charges, and increased bad debt expense, partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense and fixed costs that declined as a result of cost saving actions. foreign currency translation had a 0.3% benefit on total operating expenses during the year ended december 31, 2023.
in connection with the origination and sale of mortgage loans for which the company retains servicing rights, we record servicing assets or liabilities based on the fair value of the retained mortgage servicing rights (msrs) on the date the loans are sold. upon origination of a mortgage loan held for sale, the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights to be retained is included in the forecasted proceeds from the anticipated loan sale and results in a net gain (which is reflected in revenue). subsequent to the initial recording, msrs are amortized (within amortization expense) and carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value in other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. they are amortized in proportion to and over the estimated period that the servicing income is expected to be received. for the year ended december 31, 2023, msrs contributed to operating income $83.8 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $144.0 million of amortization of related intangible assets. for the year ended december 31, 2022, msrs contributed $134.1 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $163.7 million of amortization of related intangible assets. the decrease in gains was associated with lower origination activity given the higher cost of debt.
other income was $46.2 million in 2023 versus $1.4 million in 2022. current-year activity primarily includes a one-time gain of approximately $34.2 million associated with remeasuring an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary to fair value as of the date the remaining controlling interest was acquired.
depreciation and amortization expense decreased mainly due to lower amortization expense compared with 2022, when loan payoffs in our capital markets loan servicing business increased amortization.
global workplace solutions the following table summarizes our results of operations for our global workplace solutions (gws) operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                               2022
revenue:
net revenue:
facilities management                                                            $5,806                    25.8   %                  $5,137                    25.9   %
project management                                                                3,124                    13.9   %                   2,735                    13.8   %
total segment net revenue                                                         8,930                    39.7   %                   7,872                    39.7   %
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                                    13,585                    60.3   %                  11,979                    60.3   %
total segment revenue                                                            22,515                   100.0   %                  19,851                   100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                  20,345                    90.4   %                  17,948                    90.4   %
operating, administrative and other                                               1,242                     5.5   %                   1,080                     5.4   %
depreciation and amortization                                                       262                     1.2   %                     253                     1.3   %
total costs and expenses                                                         21,849                    97.1   %                  19,281                    97.1   %
operating income                                                                    666                     2.9   %                     570                     2.9   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                        1                     0.0   %                       1                     0.0   %
other income                                                                          2                     0.0   %                       7                     0.0   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                             262                     1.2   %                     253                     1.3   %
adjustments:
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                  23                     0.1   %                      40                     0.2   %
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                      52                     0.3   %                      28                     0.1   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin          $1,006                     4.5   %                    $899                     4.5   %
segment operating profit on net revenue margin                                                             11.3   %                                            11.4   %
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
revenue increased by $2.7 billion, or 13.4%, in 2023, driven by new clients and expansion of services to existing clients, augmented by in-fill acquisitions. foreign currency translation had a 0.5% drag on revenue in 2023, primarily driven by weakness in the argentina peso and canadian dollar partially offset by strength in the euro.
cost of revenue increased by $2.4 billion, or 13.4%, in 2023, driven by higher pass-through costs and increased professional compensation. foreign currency translation had a 0.5% benefit on total cost of revenue in 2023. cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue remained flat at 90.4% in 2023 and 2022 primarily due to an increase in project management revenue, which generally has higher margins, partially offsetting the impact of higher pass-through costs.
operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $161.1 million, or 14.9%, in 2023. the increase is due to higher compensation expense, higher infrastructure costs supporting business growth, charges associated with the integration of acquisitions and expenses from acquired entities. in addition, the gws segment incurred approximately $51.6 million in charges related to employee separation benefits, lease and contract termination costs, up from $27.9 million in 2022. foreign currency translation had a 0.5% benefit on total operating expenses in 2023.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $9.2 million, or 3.6%, in 2023 due to continued investment in technology.
real estate investments the following table summarizes our results of operations for our real estate investments (rei) operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2022
revenue:
investment management                                                                                                                              $592                      62.1   %                  $595                        53.6   %
development services                                                                                                                                360                      37.9   %                   515                        46.4   %
total segment revenue                                                                                                                               952                     100.0   %                 1,110                       100.0   %
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue                                                                                                                                     186                      19.5   %                   322                        29.0   %
operating, administrative and other                                                                                                                 784                      82.4   %                 1,082                        97.5   %
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                        15                       1.6   %                    16                         1.5   %
asset impairments                                                                                                                                     -                       0.0   %                    49                         4.4   %
total costs and expenses                                                                                                                            985                     103.5   %                 1,469                       132.4   %
gain on disposition of real estate                                                                                                                   27                       2.9   %                   244                        22.0   %
operating loss                                                                                                                                      (6)                     (0.6)   %                 (115)                      (10.4)   %
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                                                                                      216                      22.6   %                   380                        34.3   %
other income (loss)                                                                                                                                   -                       0.0   %                   (1)                       (0.1)   %
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                                                                                              15                       1.6   %                    16                         1.5   %
add-back: asset impairments                                                                                                                           -                       0.0   %                    49                         4.4   %
adjustments:
carried interest incentive compensation reversal to align with the timing of associated revenue                                                     (7)                     (0.8)   %                   (4)                       (0.4)   %
impact of fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in period             -                       0.0   %                   (5)                       (0.5)   %
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                                                                                      21                       2.3   %                    12                         1.1   %
provision associated with telford's fire safety remediation efforts                                                                                   -                       0.0   %                   186                        16.8   %
segment operating profit and segment operating profit on revenue margin                                                                            $239                      25.1   %                  $518                        46.7   %
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
macroeconomic conditions had a significant impact on the rei segment. less available and more expensive debt capital constrained asset and fund monetization and our ability to source new debt capital to fund development projects. revenue decreased by $157.8 million, or 14.2%, in 2023, largely driven by fewer asset sales, primarily in our international development services markets, and lower development and construction management fees, as well as lower incentive fees. foreign currency translation had a negligible impact on total revenue during the year ended december 31, 2023.
cost of revenue decreased by $136.3 million, or 42.3%, in 2023. cost of revenue as a percent of revenue declined to 19.5% in 2023 from 29.0% in 2022, reflecting a higher proportion of revenue coming from the investment management line of business which has no associated cost of revenue. this was partially offset by cost overruns on certain u.k. residential construction projects. foreign currency translation had a negligible impact on total cost of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2023.
operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by $297.8 million, or 27.5%, in 2023 due to lower incentive compensation expense and $185.9 million estimated provision related to telford homes' fire and building safety remediation work in 2022, which was not repeated this year. foreign currency translation had a 0.2% benefit on total operating expenses in 2023.
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries decreased by $164.8 million, or 43.3%, in 2023 primarily due to lower net sales of our equity interests to our joint-venture partners on development projects. gain on disposition of real estate decreased by $216.9 million in 2023 due to fewer sales of consolidated development projects compared with a significant number of such sales, primarily land sales, in 2022.
a roll forward of our assets under management (aum) by product type for the year ended december 31, 2023 is as follows (dollars in billions):
funds                separate accounts                 securities                    total balance at december 31, 2022                $66.2                        $73.2                         $9.9                     $149.3
inflows                                       4.2       6.4                                             1.2         11.8
outflows                                    (3.1)                        (4.2)                        (2.1)                      (9.4)
market (depreciation) appreciation          (2.0)                        (2.6)                          0.4                      (4.2)
balance at december 31, 2023                $65.3                        $72.8                         $9.4                     $147.5
aum generally refers to the properties and other assets with respect to which we provide (or participate in) oversight, investment management services and other advice, and which generally consist of real estate properties or loans, securities portfolios and investments in operating companies and joint ventures. our aum is intended principally to reflect the extent of our presence in the real estate market, not the basis for determining our management fees. our assets under management consist of:
•the total fair market value of the real estate properties and other assets either wholly-owned or held by joint ventures and other entities in which our sponsored funds or investment vehicles and client accounts have invested or to which they have provided financing. committed (but unfunded) capital from investors in our sponsored funds is not included in this component of our aum. the value of development properties is included at estimated completion cost. in the case of real estate operating companies, the total value of real properties controlled by the companies, generally through joint ventures, is included in aum; and
•the net asset value of our managed securities portfolios, including investments (which may be comprised of committed but uncalled capital) in private real estate funds under our fund of funds investments.
our calculation of aum may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers.
corporate and other our corporate segment primarily consists of corporate overhead costs. other consists of activities from strategic non-core, non-controlling equity investments and is considered an operating segment but does not meet the aggregation criteria for presentation as a separate reportable segment and is, therefore, combined with our core corporate function and reported as corporate and other. the following table summarizes our results of operations for our corporate and other segment for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31, (1)
2023                                                                                                                   2022
elimination of inter-segment revenue                                        $(17)                               $(16)
costs and expenses:
cost of revenue (2)                                                           (3)                                (11)
operating, administrative and other                                           460                                 432
depreciation and amortization                                                  56                                  33
total costs and expenses                                                      513                                 454
operating loss                                                              (530)                               (470)
equity income (loss) from unconsolidated subsidiaries                          27                               (167)
other income (loss)                                                            13                                (19)
add-back: depreciation and amortization                                        56                                  33
adjustments:
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                            39                                   -
costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring                           13                                  13
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                14                                  32
segment operating loss                                                     $(368)                              $(578)
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
(1)percentage of revenue calculations are not meaningful and therefore not included.
(2)primarily relates to inter-segment eliminations.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
core corporate operating, administrative and other expenses for our core corporate function were approximately $458.7 million in 2023, an increase of $28.6 million, or 6.7%. this was primarily due to higher professional fees as we explored various capital allocation opportunities and compensation expenses associated with certain roles that were embedded within the business segments last year but were moved to corporate this year. this was partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expense this year.
other income was approximately $7.6 million in 2023 versus a loss of $12.2 million in 2022. this is primarily comprised of net activity related to unrealized and realized gain/loss on equity and available for sale debt securities owned by our wholly-owned captive insurance company. these mark-to-market adjustments were in a net unfavorable position in 2022.
other (non-core)
we recorded equity income of approximately $27.5 million in 2023 versus a loss of $167.3 million in 2022. this reflects improved equity pickups and fair value adjustments in our non-core investment portfolio.
we recorded other income of $5.1 million in 2023 versus a loss of $6.6 million in 2022. last year's loss mainly resulted from realized losses on sale of marketable securities.
liquidity and capital resources we believe that we can satisfy our working capital and funding requirements with internally generated cash flow and, as necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. our expected capital requirements for 2024 include up to $319.9 million of anticipated capital expenditures, net of tenant concessions. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we incurred $293.2 million of capital expenditures, net of tenant concessions received. as of december 31, 2023, we had aggregate future commitments of $180.4 million related to co-investments funds in our real estate investments segment, $128.0 million of which is expected to be funded in 2024. additionally, as of december 31, 2023, we are committed to fund additional capital of $230.1 million and $73.9 million to consolidated and unconsolidated projects, respectively, within our real estate investments segment. as of december 31, 2023, we had $3.7 billion of borrowings available under our revolving credit facilities (under both the revolving credit agreement, as described below, and the turner & townsend revolving credit facility) and $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents.
we have historically relied on our internally generated cash flow and our revolving credit facilities to fund our working capital, capital expenditure and general investment requirements (including in-fill acquisitions) and have not sought other external sources of financing to help fund these requirements. in the absence of extraordinary events, large strategic acquisitions or large returns of capital to shareholders, we anticipate that our cash flow from operations and our revolving credit facilities would be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and at a minimum for the next 12 months. given compensation is our largest expense and our sales and leasing professionals are generally paid on a commission and/or bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production, the negative effect of difficult market conditions is partially mitigated by the inherent variability of our compensation cost structure. we may seek to take advantage of market opportunities to refinance existing debt instruments, as we have done in the past, with new debt instruments at interest rates, maturities and terms we deem attractive. we may also, from time to time in our sole discretion, purchase, redeem, or retire our existing senior notes, through tender offers, in privately negotiated or open market transactions, or otherwise.
as noted above, we believe that any future significant acquisitions we may make could require us to obtain additional debt or equity financing. in the past, we have been able to obtain such financing for material transactions on terms that we believed to be reasonable. however, it is possible that we may not be able to obtain acquisition financing on favorable terms, or at all, in the future.
our long-term liquidity needs, other than those related to ordinary course obligations and commitments such as operating leases, are generally comprised of three elements. the first is the repayment of the outstanding and anticipated principal amounts of our long-term indebtedness. if our cash flow is insufficient to repay our long-term debt when it comes due, then we expect that we would need to refinance such indebtedness or otherwise amend its terms to extend the maturity dates. we cannot make any assurances that such refinancing or amendments would be available on attractive terms, if at all.
the second long-term liquidity need is the payment of obligations related to acquisitions. our acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase consideration in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had accrued deferred purchase consideration totaling $530.2 million ($264.1 million of which was a current liability) and $574.3 million ($117.3 million of which was a current liability), respectively, which was included in "accounts payable and accrued expenses" and in "other long-term liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
lastly, as described in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report, in november 2021, our board of directors authorized a program for the company to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of our class a common stock over five years, effective november 19, 2021 (the 2021 program). in august 2022, our board of directors authorized an additional $2.0 billion, bringing the total authorized repurchase amount under the 2021 program to a total of $4.0 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we repurchased 7,867,348 shares of our class a common stock with an average price of $82.59 per share using cash on hand for an aggregate of $649.8 million. as of december 31, 2023, we had $1.5 billion of capacity remaining under the 2021 program.
our stock repurchases have been funded with cash on hand and we intend to continue funding future repurchases with existing cash. we may utilize our stock repurchase programs to continue offsetting the impact of our stock-based compensation program and on a more opportunistic basis if we believe our stock presents a compelling investment compared to other discretionary uses. the timing of any future repurchases and the actual amounts repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of our common stock, general market and economic conditions and other factors.
as more fully described in note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report, on march 16, 2023, telford homes entered into a legally binding agreement with the u.k. government, under which telford homes will (1) take responsibility for performing or funding remediation works relating to certain life-critical fire-safety issues on all telford homes-constructed buildings of 11 meters in height or greater in england constructed in the last 30 years (in-scope buildings) and (2) withdraw telford homes-developed buildings from the government-sponsored building safety fund (bsf) and aluminum composite material (acm) funds or reimburse the government funds for the cost of remediation of in-scope buildings.
we had an estimated liability of approximately $192.1 million (of which $82.2 million was current) and $185.9 million (of which $51.6 million was current) as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to the remediation efforts. we did not record any additional provision during the year ended december 31, 2023, as the above balance remains our best estimate of future losses associated with overall remediation efforts. we did not have any significant cash outflows related to this work in 2023.
the estimated remediation costs for in-scope buildings are subjective, highly complex and dependent on a number of variables outside of telford homes' control. these include, but are not limited to, individual remediation requirements for each building, the time required for the remediation to be completed, cost of construction or remediation materials, availability of construction materials, potential discoveries made during remediation that could necessitate incremental work, investigation costs, availability of qualified fire safety engineers, potential business disruption costs, potential changes to or new regulations and regulatory approval. we will continue to assess new information as it becomes available during the remediation process and adjust our estimated liability accordingly.
historical cash flows year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $479.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, a decrease of $1.1 billion as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. the primary driver was significantly lower earnings this period, down approximately $400.0 million as compared to last year due to stressed macroeconomic conditions. the other key drivers that contributed to the higher usage were as follows: (1) net outflow associated with net working capital; the net working capital change was mainly due to lagged collection of receivables, higher outflow related to net bonus payments due to overall decrease in bonus expense recorded in 2023 as compared to 2022, compensation and other employee benefits this year, (2) certain non-cash charges (such as lower share-based compensation expense in 2023, net realized gain recorded on our equity and available for sale debt portfolio, net gain recorded upon acquisition of the remaining interest in a previously unconsolidated subsidiary) that contributed to the net outflow this year, and (3) lower net equity distribution from unconsolidated subsidiaries, mainly in rei where less available and more expensive debt capital constrained asset and fund monetization. these were partially offset by lower msr revenue, which are non-cash in nature, recorded in current year as compared to prior year.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $681.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, a decrease of $151.4 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. this decrease was primarily driven by lower net contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries due to constrained funding and monetization of real estate projects, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, and a net investment in view the space, inc. (vts) last year that did not recur this year. this was partially offset by higher capital expenditures compared to 2022 as we continue to invest in our platform and infrastructure, higher spend on in-fill acquisitions, and net outflows associated with our consolidated real estate projects, during this period as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities totaled $153.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 versus a net outflow of $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increased inflow was primarily due to the net proceeds of $975.2 million from the issuance of our 5.950% senior notes, lower stock repurchase activities, and net inflows from issuance of new senior term loans and payment of prior euro term loan this period as compared to the same period last year. this was partially offset by $110.8 million in increased outflow related to acquisitions where cash was paid after 90 days of the acquisition date and net outflows related to our short-term borrowings.
summary of contractual obligations and other commitments the following is a summary of our various contractual obligations and other commitments as of december 31, 2023 (dollars in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                              total                       less than 1 year total gross long-term debt (1)                                 $2,855                                  $9
short-term borrowings (2)                                         682                                 682
operating leases (3)                                            2,204                                 239
financing leases (3)                                              317                                  38
total gross notes payable on real estate (4)                       38                                   8
deferred purchase consideration (5)                               537                                 268
total contractual obligations                                  $6,633                              $1,244
amount of other commitments other commitments                                                           total                          less than 1 year self-insurance reserves (6)                                            $180                                    $180
tax liabilities (7)                                                      55                                      24
co-investments (8) (9)                                                  254                                     202
letters of credit (8)                                                   237                                     237
guarantees (8) (10)                                                     206                                     206
telford's fire safety remediation provision (11)                        192                                      82
total other commitments                                              $1,124                                    $931
the table above excludes estimated payment obligations for our qualified defined benefit pension plans. for information about our future estimated payment obligations for these plans, see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
(1)reflects gross outstanding long-term debt balances as of december 31, 2023, assumed to be paid at maturity, excluding unamortized discount, premium and deferred financing costs. see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report. figures do not include scheduled interest payments. assuming each debt obligation is held until maturity, we estimate that we will make $965.6 million of interest payments, $144.8 million of which will be made in 2024.
(2)the majority of this balance represents our warehouse lines of credit, which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary cbre capital markets, inc. (cbre capital markets) and are secured by our related warehouse receivables. see notes 5 and 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(3)see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(4)reflects gross outstanding notes payable on real estate as of december 31, 2023 (none of which is recourse to us, beyond being recourse to the single-purpose entity that held the real estate asset and was the primary obligor on the note payable), assumed to be paid at maturity, excluding unamortized deferred financing costs. amounts do not include scheduled interest payments. the notes have either fixed or variable interest rates, ranging from 3.00% to 9.00% at december 31, 2023.
(5)represents deferred obligations, excluding contingent considerations, related to previous acquisitions, which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2023 set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(6)represents outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs, which are included in other current and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2023 set forth in item 8 of this annual report. due to the nature of this item, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. accordingly, the entire balance has been reflected as expiring in less than one year.
(7)as of december 31, 2023, we have a remaining federal tax liability of $54.8 million associated with the transition tax on mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017. we are paying the federal tax liability for the transition tax in annual interest-free installments over a period of eight years through 2025 as allowed by the tax act. the next installment is due in 2024 for the 2023 fiscal year.
in addition, as of december 31, 2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled $413.5 million. of this amount, we expect an insignificant amount of cash settlement in less than one year. see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(8)see note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
(9)includes $180.4 million to fund future co-investments in our real estate investments segment, $128.0 million of which is expected to be funded in 2024, and $73.9 million committed to invest in unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries, which is callable at any time. this amount does not include capital committed to consolidated projects of $230.1 million as of december 31, 2023.
(10)due to the nature of guarantees, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, including default. accordingly, all guarantees are reflected as expiring in less than one year.
(11)see note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
indebtedness we use a variety of financing arrangements, both long-term and short-term, to fund our operations in addition to cash generated from operating activities. we also use several funding sources to avoid becoming overly dependent on one financing source, and to lower funding costs.
long-term debt on july 10, 2023, cbre group, inc., cbre services, inc. (cbre services) and relam amsterdam holdings b.v., a wholly-owned subsidiary of cbre services, entered into a new 5-year senior unsecured credit agreement (the 2023 credit agreement) maturing on july 10, 2028, which refinanced and replaced the previous credit agreement. the 2023 credit agreement provides for a senior unsecured term loan credit facility comprised of (i) tranche a euro-denominated term loans in an aggregate principal amount of €366.5 million and (ii) tranche a u.s. dollar-denominated term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $350.0 million with weighted average interest rate of 5.8% as of december 31, 2023, both requiring quarterly principal payments beginning on december 31, 2024 and continuing through maturity on july 10, 2028. the proceeds of the term loans under the 2023 credit agreement were applied to the repayment of all remaining outstanding senior term loans, approximately $437.5 million, under the previous credit agreement, the payment of related fees and expenses and other general corporate purposes.
the term loan borrowings under the 2023 credit agreement are guaranteed on a senior basis by cbre group, inc. and cbre services.
on june 23, 2023, cbre services issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5.950% senior notes due august 15, 2034 (the 5.950% senior notes) at a price equal to 98.174% of their face value. the 5.950% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to its current and future secured indebtedness (if any) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. the 5.950% senior notes are guaranteed on a senior basis by cbre group, inc. interest accrues at a rate of 5.950% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on february 15 and august 15 of each year, beginning on february 15, 2024. the amount of the 5.950% senior notes, net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet was $973.7 million at december 31, 2023.
on march 18, 2021, cbre services issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.500% senior notes due april 1, 2031 (the 2.500% senior notes) at a price equal to 98.451% of their face value. the 2.500% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre services and are guaranteed on a senior basis by cbre group, inc. interest accrues at a rate of 2.500% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on april 1 and october 1 of each year. the amount of the 2.500% senior notes, net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet was $490.4 million and $489.3 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
on august 13, 2015, cbre services issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due march 1, 2026 (the 4.875% senior notes) at a price equal to 99.24% of their face value. the 4.875% senior notes are unsecured obligations of cbre services and are guaranteed on a senior basis by cbre group, inc. interest accrues at a rate of 4.875% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1 of each year. the amount of the 4.875% senior notes, net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet was $597.5 million and $596.4 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the indentures governing our 5.950% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to create or permit liens on assets securing indebtedness, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and enter into consolidations or mergers.
our 2023 credit agreement is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by cbre group, inc. and cbre services. our revolving credit agreement, 5.950% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes and 2.500% senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by cbre group, inc.
combined summarized financial information for cbre group, inc. (parent) and cbre services (subsidiary issuer) is as follows (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2023                                                                 2022
balance sheet data:
current assets                           $7                        $9
non-current assets (1)                1,733                        13
total assets (1)                      1,740                        22
current liabilities                     $48                      $206
non-current liabilities (2)           2,994                     1,805
total liabilities (2)                 3,042                     2,011
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                      2022
statement of operations data:
revenue                                  $-                            $-
operating loss                          (1)                           (3)
net (loss) income                      (70)                             6
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
(1)increase in non-current assets is due to legal entity restructurings that were executed at december 31, 2023.
(2)includes $932.5 million and $719.3 million of intercompany loan payables to non-guarantor subsidiaries as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. all intercompany balances and transactions between cbre group, inc. and cbre services have been eliminated.
for additional information on all of our long-term debt, see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
short-term borrowings on august 5, 2022, we entered into a new 5-year senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the revolving credit agreement). the revolving credit agreement provides for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility available to cbre services with a capacity of $3.5 billion and a maturity date of august 5, 2027.
the revolving credit agreement requires us to pay a fee based on the total amount of the revolving credit facility commitment (whether used or unused). in addition, the revolving credit agreement also includes capacity for letters of credit not to exceed $300.0 million in the aggregate.
as of december 31, 2023, no amount was outstanding under the revolving credit agreement. no letters of credit were outstanding as of december 31, 2023. letters of credit are issued in the ordinary course of business and would reduce the amount we may borrow under the revolving credit agreement.
in addition, turner & townsend maintains a £120.0 million revolving credit facility pursuant to a credit agreement dated march 31, 2022, with an additional accordion option of £20.0 million. as of december 31, 2023, $10.2 million (£8.0 million) was outstanding under this revolving credit facility and bears interest at sonia plus 0.75%.
we also maintain warehouse lines of credit with certain third-party lenders. for additional information on all of our short-term borrowings, see notes 5 and 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
subsequent event on february 5, 2024, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire j&j worldwide services, a leading provider of engineering services, base support operations and facilities maintenance for the u.s. federal government, from arlington capital partners, a private investment firm. the consideration consists of (i) an initial purchase price of $800 million, payable in cash at closing of the acquisition, plus (ii) a potential earn-out of up to $250 million, payable in cash in 2027 contingent on the acquired business meeting certain performance thresholds. closing of the acquisition is expected to occur in q1 2024, subject to obtaining applicable regulatory clearances and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. the estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and on other factors that we believe to be reasonable. actual results may differ from those estimates. we believe that the following critical accounting policies represent the areas where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition to recognize revenue in a transaction with a customer, we evaluate the five steps of the accounting standards codification (asc) topic 606 revenue recognition framework: (1) identify the contract; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the performance obligations are satisfied.
our revenue recognition policies are consistent with this five step framework. understanding the complex terms of agreements and determining the appropriate time, amount, and method to recognize revenue for each transaction requires significant judgement. these significant judgements include: (i) determining what point in time or what measure of progress depicts the transfer of control to the customer; (ii) applying the series guidance to certain performance obligations satisfied over time; (iii) estimating how and when contingencies, or other forms of variable consideration, will impact the timing and amount of recognition of revenue and (iv) determining whether we control third party services before they are transferred to the customer in order to appropriately recognize the associated fees on either a gross or net basis. the timing and amount of revenue recognition in a period could vary if different judgments were made. our revenues subject to the most judgment are brokerage commission revenue, incentive-based management fees, development fees and third party fees associated with our occupier outsourcing and property management services. for a detailed discussion of our revenue recognition policies, see the revenue recognition section within note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
goodwill and other intangible assets as of december 31, 2023, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of $5.1 billion and other intangible assets of $2.1 billion.
our acquisitions require the application of purchase accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. assumptions must often be made in determining fair values, particularly where observable market values do not exist. assumptions may include discount rates, growth rates, cost of capital, royalty rates, tax rates and remaining useful lives. these assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of identifiable assets and accordingly can impact the value of goodwill recorded. different assumptions could result in different values being attributed to assets and liabilities. since these values impact the amount of annual depreciation and amortization expense, different assumptions could also impact our statement of operations and could impact the results of future asset impairment reviews.
we test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate the potential for impairment is more likely than not. we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment with respect to any of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets to determine whether a quantitative impairment test is needed. we are permitted to assess based on qualitative factors whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount before applying the quantitative impairment test. our procedures under qualitative tests include assessing our financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, various asset specific factors and entity specific events. if we determine that a reporting unit's goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset may be impaired after utilizing these qualitative impairment analysis procedures, we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test. when performing a quantitative test, we use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. management's judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow model. these assumptions include revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages, discount rates, etc. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of these fair values and the relative size of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, if different assumptions and estimates were used, it could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.
we did not incur any impairment losses as a result of our 2023 annual impairment tests, as it was determined that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets were substantially in excess of their carrying values as of december 31, 2023. additionally, we do not believe that the estimated fair values of our reporting units or indefinite-lived intangible assets are at risk of decreasing below their carrying values in the next twelve months. for additional information on goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing, see notes 2 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with the "accounting for income taxes" topic of the fasb asc (topic 740). deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
accounting for tax positions requires judgments, including estimating reserves for potential uncertainties. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we do not record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized in future periods. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with topic 740, as applicable, the ultimate outcome of such matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material.
our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report for further information regarding income taxes.
telford fire safety remediation as of december 31, 2023, the company had an estimated liability of $192.1 million on the balance sheet which represents management's best estimate of future losses associated with overall remediation efforts. it includes amounts that the u.k. government has already paid or quantified through the building safety fund and estimates developed by telford's internal team and/or third-party experts for the remaining in-scope buildings. the estimates were developed using the best available data, including (i) industry data, (ii) fire safety assessments (also known as pas assessments and include fire risk appraisal of external wall construction) which identified remediation work to be performed on specific buildings, and (iii) bids from subcontractors. we applied an inflation factor to account for uncertainty in completion of remediation activities which could take an extended period of time to complete, an estimate of direct costs associated with an internal team dedicated to this remediation, and a contingency to account for unknown remediation costs. inherent uncertainties exist in such evaluations primarily due to its subjective, highly complex nature and other unknowns such as individual remediation requirements, time required for remediation, and cost of materials and resources amongst others. we will continue to assess new information as it becomes available during the remediation process and adjust our estimated liability accordingly.
see note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report for further information.
investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries - fair value option we have elected the fair value option for certain of our investments in non-public entities to align with our strategy for these investments. such investments without readily determinable fair values are classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. we estimate the fair market value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs which requires judgment due to the absence of market prices or similar assets in active markets. in determining the estimated fair value of these investments, we utilize appropriate valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analyses and monte carlo simulations. key inputs to the discounted cash flow analyses include projected cash flows, terminal growth rate, and discount rate. key inputs to monte carlo simulations include stock price, volatility, risk free rate, and dividend yield.
changes in the fair value of equity investments under the fair value option are recorded as equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the consolidated statements of operations.
new accounting pronouncements see new accounting pronouncements discussion within note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements set forth in item 8 of this annual report.
non-gaap financial measures net revenue, segment operating profit on revenue margin, segment operating profit on net revenue margin, core ebitda, core adjusted net income and core earnings per diluted share (or core eps) are not recognized measurements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, or gaap. when analyzing our operating performance, investors should use these measures in addition to, and not as an alternative for, their most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. we generally use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate operating performance and for other discretionary purposes. we believe these measures provide a more complete understanding of ongoing operations, enhance comparability of current results to prior periods and may be useful for investors to analyze our financial performance because they eliminate the impact of selected costs and charges that may obscure the underlying performance of our business and related trends. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of net revenue, core ebitda, core adjusted net income and core eps may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
net revenue is gross revenue less costs largely associated with subcontracted vendor work performed for clients and generally has no margin. segment operating profit on revenue margin is computed by dividing segment operating profit by revenue and provides a comparable profitability measure against our peers. segment operating profit on net revenue margin is computed by dividing segment operating profit by net revenue and is a better indicator of the segment's margin since it does not include the diluting effect of pass through revenue which generally has no margin.
we use core ebitda, core adjusted net income and core earnings per share (or core eps) as indicators of the company's operating financial performance. core ebitda and core adjusted net income exclude carried interest incentive compensation expense (reversal) to align with the timing of associated revenue, fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in the period, costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring, efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives, integration and other costs related to acquisitions, provision associated with telford's fire safety remediation efforts, a one-time gain associated with remeasuring an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary to fair value as of the date the remaining controlling interest was acquired, fair value changes on certain non-core non-controlling equity investments, non-cash depreciation and amortization expense related to certain assets attributable to acquisitions and restructuring activities and related impact on income taxes and non-controlling interest. we believe that investors may find these measures useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry because their calculations generally eliminate the effects of acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and intangibles created from acquisitions, the effects of financings and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending.
core ebitda, core adjusted net income and core eps are not intended to be measures of free cash flow for our discretionary use because they do not consider certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. this measures may also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our credit facilities and debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and non-cash charges and are used by us to determine compliance with financial covenants therein and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt. we also use core ebitda and core eps as significant components when measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive compensation programs.
core ebitda is calculated as follows (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2022
net income attributable to cbre group, inc.                                                                                                                                     $986                          $1,407
net income attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                              41                              17
net income                                                                                                                                                                     1,027                           1,424
adjustments:
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                    622                             613
asset impairments                                                                                                                                                                  -                              59
interest expense, net of interest income                                                                                                                                         149                              69
write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt                                                                                                                                  -                               2
provision for income taxes                                                                                                                                                       250                             234
carried interest incentive compensation reversal to align with the timing of associated revenue                                                                                  (7)                             (4)
impact of fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in period                                          -                             (5)
costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring                                                                                                                              13                              13
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                                                                                                               62                              40
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                                                                                                                  159                             118
provision associated with telford's fire safety remediation efforts                                                                                                                -                             186
one-time gain associated with remeasuring an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary to fair value as of the date the remaining controlling interest was acquired            (34)                               -
net fair value adjustments on strategic non-core investments                                                                                                                    (32)                             175
core ebitda                                                                                                                                                                   $2,209                          $2,924
core net income attributable to cbre group, inc. stockholders, as adjusted (or core adjusted net income), and core eps, are calculated as follows (in millions, except share and per share data):
year ended december 31,
2023                             2022
net income attributable to cbre group, inc.                                                                                                                                              $986                           $1,407
plus / minus:
carried interest incentive compensation reversal to align with the timing of associated revenue                                                                                           (7)                              (4)
impact of fair value adjustments to real estate assets acquired in the telford acquisition (purchase accounting) that were sold in period                                                   -                              (5)
costs incurred related to legal entity restructuring                                                                                                                                       13                               13
integration and other costs related to acquisitions                                                                                                                                        62                               40
costs associated with efficiency and cost-reduction initiatives                                                                                                                           159                              118
provision associated with telford's fire safety remediation efforts                                                                                                                         -                              186
one-time gain associated with remeasuring an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary to fair value as of the date the remaining controlling interest was acquired                     (34)                                -
net fair value adjustments on strategic non-core investments                                                                                                                             (32)                              175
non-cash depreciation and amortization expense related to certain assets attributable to acquisitions                                                                                     167                              166
asset impairments                                                                                                                                                                           -                               59
write-off of financing costs on extinguished debt                                                                                                                                           -                                2
tax impact of adjusted items, tax benefit attributable to legal entity restructuring, and strategic non-core investments                                                                 (82)                            (254)
impact of adjustments on non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                        (33)                             (40)
core net income attributable to cbre group, inc., as adjusted                                                                                                                          $1,199                           $1,863
core diluted income per share attributable to cbre group, inc., as adjusted                                                                                                             $3.84                            $5.69
weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share                                                                                                                        312,550,942                      327,696,115
net revenue and gross revenue from resilient business lines is calculated as follows (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023                            2022
net revenue from resilient business lines facilities management                                             $5,806                          $5,137
property management                                                1,840                           1,777
project management                                                 3,124                           2,735
valuation                                                            716                             765
loan servicing                                                       317                             311
asset management fees (1)                                            539                             536
total net revenue from resilient business lines                   12,342                          11,261
pass through costs also recognized as revenue                     13,673                          12,051
total revenue from resilient business lines                      $26,015                         $23,312
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
(1)asset management fees is included in investment management revenue.
