item 1a.    risk factors.
in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below before deciding to invest in any of our securities. these risks and uncertainties, individually or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. references to tons refer to short tons and references to tonnes refer to metric tons.
market risks our business is cyclical, resulting in periods of industry oversupply during which our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be negatively affected.
historically, selling prices for our products, which are generally global commodities, have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. demand for nitrogen is affected by planted acreage, crop selection and fertilizer application rates, driven by population growth, gross domestic product growth, changes in dietary habits and non-food use of crops, such as production of ethanol and other biofuels among other things. demand also includes industrial uses of nitrogen, for example chemical manufacturing and emissions reductants such as diesel exhaust fluid (def). supply is affected primarily by available production capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, energy prices, government policies and global trade.
periods of strong demand, high capacity utilization and increasing operating margins tend to stimulate global investment in production capacity. in the past, nitrogen manufacturers, including cf holdings, have built new production facilities or expanded capacity of existing production assets, or announced plans to do so. the construction of new nitrogen manufacturing capacity in the industry, plus improvements to increase output from the existing production assets, increase nitrogen supply availability and affect the balance of supply and demand and nitrogen selling prices. in certain years, global nitrogen capacity has increased faster than global nitrogen demand, creating a surplus of global nitrogen capacity, which has led to lower nitrogen selling prices. for example, in the two-year period ended december 31, 2017, additional production capacity came online and, at the same time, the average selling price for our products declined 34%, from $314 per ton in 2015 to $207 per ton in 2017.
additional nitrogen production capacity is expected to come online over the next 12 months outside of north america. in addition, plans for building new facilities for green and low-carbon ammonia have been announced by other companies and cf holdings, such as our proposed plans for an export-oriented greenfield low-carbon ammonia production facility in the southeastern united states. we cannot predict the impact of this additional capacity on nitrogen selling prices. also, global or local economic, political and financial conditions or changes in such conditions, or other factors, may cause acceleration of announced and/or ongoing projects. similarly, lower energy prices can spur increases in production in high cost regions, which would result in increased supply and pressure on selling prices. additionally, if imports increase into an oversupplied region, lower prices in that region could result.
during periods of industry oversupply, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be affected negatively as the price at which we sell our products typically declines, resulting in possible reduced profit margins, write-downs in the value of our inventory and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. from time to time, we have experienced periods of industry oversupply, which impacted our financial performance, credit ratings and the trading price for our common stock. due to the cyclical nature of our industry, we cannot predict the timing or duration of such periods of industry oversupply or the degree to which oversupply conditions would impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nitrogen products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other producers.
we are subject to intense price competition from our competitors. the nitrogen products that we produce are global commodities, with little or no product differentiation, and customers make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, customer service and product quality. as a consequence, conditions in the international market for nitrogen products significantly influence our operating results.
we compete with many producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. some of our competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from fertilizer sales, which make them less vulnerable to fertilizer industry downturns and better positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. furthermore, certain governments, in some cases as owners of some of our competitors, may be willing to accept lower prices and profitability on their products or subsidize production inputs or consumption in order to support domestic employment or other political or social goals. our competitive position could suffer as a result of these factors, including if we are not able to expand our own resources to a similar extent, either through investments in new or existing operations or through acquisitions or joint ventures.
cf industries holdings, inc.
china, the world's largest producer and consumer of nitrogen fertilizers, currently has surplus capacity and many high-cost plants. as a result, the domestic nitrogen industry in china is operating at less than full capacity. in addition, the chinese government is currently limiting exports through a variety of measures. a number of factors could encourage china to increase product capacity utilization, including changes in chinese government policy, devaluation of the chinese renminbi, the relaxation of chinese environmental standards or decreases in chinese producers' underlying costs such as the price of chinese coal. any resulting increase in export volume could adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
from time to time, certain of our competitors with significant nitrogen fertilizer export capacity have benefited from non-market pricing of natural gas, which has resulted in significant volumes of exports to the united states. for example, the 2016 revocations of u.s. antidumping measures on solid urea and fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from russia allowed for increased imports from that country into the united states in recent years. in addition, in recent years, high volumes of urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan) imports from russia and the republic of trinidad and tobago (trinidad) have negatively affected u.s. producers' uan profitability.
we also face competition from other fertilizer producers in the middle east, europe, latin america and africa. these producers, depending on market conditions, fluctuating input prices, geographic location and freight economics, may take actions at times with respect to price or selling volumes that adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. some of these producers also benefit from non-market or government-set rates for natural gas pricing. government policies in these regions may also stimulate future ammonia or hydrogen investments. recently, many proposed green and low-carbon ammonia projects have been announced or considered, and future hydrogen, energy, or environmental/carbon policies may support development of additional nitrogen production in locations outside north america, including europe, australia, india, and the middle east.
in addition, the international market for nitrogen products is influenced by such factors as currency exchange rates, including the relative value of the u.s. dollar and its impact on the cost of importing nitrogen products into the united states, foreign agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign markets and the laws and policies of the markets in which we operate, including the imposition of new duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade and investment. for example, the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas in a region can directly impact product pricing in that region, which can lead to changes in global trade flows and impact the global supply and demand balance and pricing. market participants customarily move product between regions of the world, or adjust trade flows, in response to these factors. north america, where we manufacture and sell most of our products, is one of the largest and most accessible nitrogen trading regions in the world. as a result, other manufacturers, traders and other market participants can move nitrogen products to north america when there is uncertainty associated with the supply and demand balance in other regions or when duties, tariffs or quotas impact prices or trade flows in other regions. thus, duties, tariffs and quotas can lead to uncertainty in the global marketplace and impact the supply and demand balance in many regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in october 2019, the european commission (the commission) imposed definitive anti-dumping duties on imports to the european union (eu) of uan manufactured in russia, trinidad and the united states. for imports of uan manufactured in the united states, the fixed duty rate is €29.48 per tonne (or €26.74 per ton). the duties are expected to remain in place for an initial five-year period and to expire in october 2024 unless there is a request submitted by july 10, 2024 to renew and continue the measures, which request would be investigated by the commission. how long and at what level these duties will remain in effect and their long-term impact on the international market for nitrogen products are uncertain.
a decline in agricultural production, limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes or developments in crop technology could materially adversely affect the demand for our products.
conditions in the united states, europe, india, brazil, china and other countries and regions of global significance in agricultural production significantly impact our operating results. agricultural planted areas and production can be affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, crop disease and/or livestock disease, demand for agricultural products and governmental policies regarding production of or trade in agricultural products. these factors are outside of our control.
governmental policies, including farm and biofuel subsidies, commodity support programs and tariffs, environmental and greenhouse gas policies, as well as the prices of fertilizer products, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. ethanol production in the united states contributes significantly to corn demand, representing approximately 40% of total u.s. corn demand, due in part to federal legislation mandating use of renewable fuels. the resulting increase in ethanol production has led to an increase in the cf industries holdings, inc.
amount of corn grown in the united states and to increased fertilizer usage on both corn and other crops that have also benefited from improved farm economics. while the current renewable fuel standard encourages continued high levels of corn-based ethanol production, various interested parties have called to eliminate or reduce the renewable fuel mandate, or to eliminate or reduce corn-based ethanol as part of the renewable fuel mandate. other factors that drive the ethanol market include the prices of ethanol, gasoline and corn. lower gasoline prices and fewer aggregate miles, driven by increased automobile fuel efficiency, the continued expansion of electric vehicle use or the impact of decreased travel, such as the decreased travel experienced during the coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic, may put pressure on ethanol prices that could result in reduced profitability and lower production for the ethanol industry. this could have an adverse effect on corn-based ethanol production, planted corn acreage and fertilizer demand. additionally, government incentives and other policies and recent increased investment in renewable biodiesel and associated soybean crush capacity may drive higher soybean oil prices, resulting in more planted acres allocated to soybeans and other oil crops and displacing some acreage traditionally planted to more nitrogen intensive crops such as grains and cotton.
developments in crop technology, such as nitrogen fixation, the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen into compounds that plants can assimilate, or nitrogen-efficient varieties, or developments in alternatives to traditional animal feed or alternative proteins, could also reduce the use of nitrogen fertilizers and adversely affect the demand for our products. widespread adoption of emerging application technologies or alternative farming techniques could disrupt traditional application practices, affecting the volume or types of fertilizer products used and timing of applications. in addition, from time to time various foreign governments and u.s. state legislatures have considered limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers due to concerns about the negative impact that the application of these products can have on the environment. for example, the united kingdom has worked with industry to develop an assurance scheme to limit the use of unprotected or uninhibited urea products between january and march of every year, beginning in 2024. while cf fertilisers uk limited does not sell solid urea fertilizer in the united kingdom, limitations on fertilizer use have been and may be considered by other jurisdictions, such as the eu, which has announced its farm to fork strategy and biodiversity strategy. in addition, canada has announced a target of reducing emissions from fertilizers by 30% below 2020 levels by 2030, and is supporting implementation through improved nitrogen management and optimizing fertilizer use. these or other more stringent limitations on greenhouse gas emissions applicable to farmers, the end-users of our nitrogen fertilizers, could reduce the demand for our fertilizer products to the extent their use of our products increases farm-level emissions. any reduction in the demand for our nitrogen fertilizer products, including as a result of technological developments and/or limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business is dependent on natural gas, the prices of which are subject to volatility.
nitrogen from the atmosphere and hydrogen from natural gas, coal and other carbon energy feedstocks, or from the electrolysis of water, are the fundamental building blocks of nitrogen products. energy feedstock costs comprise a significant portion of the total production cost of nitrogen products and, relative to the industry's marginal producers that set the global price of nitrogen, generally determine profitability for nitrogen producers. our manufacturing processes utilize natural gas as the principal raw material used in our production of nitrogen products. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, uan, an and other nitrogen products.
most of our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada. as a result, north american natural gas comprises a significant portion of the total production cost of our products. the price of natural gas in north america has historically been volatile. the price has declined on average due in part to the development of significant natural gas reserves, including shale gas, and the rapid improvement in shale gas extraction techniques, such as hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling. however, future production of natural gas from shale formations could be reduced by regulatory changes that restrict drilling or hydraulic fracturing or increase its cost or by reduction in oil exploration and development prompted by lower oil prices resulting in production of less associated gas. changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas can lead to extended periods of higher natural gas prices.
in recent years, the cost of north american natural gas for the production of nitrogen fertilizers has been significantly lower than the cost of natural gas in other parts of the world where the industry's marginal nitrogen producers are located. any increases in the volume of liquefied natural gas (lng) exported from the united states to other regions, or increases in natural gas development outside the united states, particularly in regions where nitrogen products are produced, could increase our natural gas costs and/or lower natural gas costs for our competitors. in recent years, lng export capabilities of the united states have expanded and lng exports from the united states have increased, resulting in the united states being a leading exporter of lng globally in 2023, and such expanded capabilities and increases in exports are expected to continue. if natural gas prices outside of north america were to decrease or north american natural gas prices were to increase, our favorable energy cost differentials relative to the industry's marginal nitrogen producers could significantly erode, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
during 2023, the daily closing price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, reached a low of $1.72 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in june 2023 and a high of $3.81 per mmbtu on january 5, 2023. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2023, the daily closing price at the henry hub reached a low of $1.72 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in june 2023 and a high of $23.61 per mmbtu on february 18, 2021.
certain of our operating facilities are located near natural gas hubs that have experienced increased natural gas development and have favorable basis differences as compared to other north american hubs. favorable basis differences in certain regions may dissipate over time due to increases in natural gas pipeline or storage capacity in those regions. additionally, basis differentials may become materially unfavorable due to a lack of inbound gas pipeline or storage capacity in other regions during periods of unusually high demand. increased demand for natural gas, particularly in the gulf coast region, due to increased industrial demand and increased natural gas exports, could result in increased natural gas prices. if reduced production, increased demand or changes in basis were to occur, or if other developments adversely impact the supply and demand balance for natural gas in north america or elsewhere, natural gas prices could rise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations. adverse weather conditions could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change.
weather conditions that delay or disrupt field work during the planting, growing, harvesting or application periods may cause agricultural customers to use different forms of nitrogen fertilizer, which may adversely affect demand for the forms that we sell or may impede farmers from applying our fertilizers until the following application period, resulting in lower seasonal demand for our products.
adverse weather conditions during or following harvest may delay or eliminate opportunities to apply fertilizer in the fall. weather can also have an adverse effect on crop yields, which could lower the income of growers and impair their ability to purchase fertilizer from our customers. adverse weather conditions could also impact transportation of fertilizer, which could disrupt our ability to deliver our products to customers on a timely basis. our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related shifts in fertilizer applications, planting schedules and purchasing patterns. over the longer-term, changes in weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, which could require us to evolve our distribution system.
in addition, we use the north american waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers. we also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deep-water docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites on the u.s. river system through the u.s. gulf of mexico. therefore, persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding, drought or climate change, for example), may require changes to our operating and distribution activities and/or significant capital improvements to our facilities. for example, recent low water levels on the u.s. river system and in the panama canal have delayed shipping in these locations, resulting in an increase in shipping costs.
weather conditions or, in certain cases, weather forecasts, also can disrupt our operations and can affect the price of natural gas, the principal raw material used to make our nitrogen products. colder and/or longer than normal winters and warmer than normal summers increase the demand for natural gas for residential and industrial use and for power generation, which can increase the cost and/or decrease the availability of natural gas. in addition, adverse weather events, such as storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods, not only can cause loss of power or other impacts to our facilities or damage to or delays in logistics capabilities disrupting our operations, but also can impact the supply of natural gas and utilities and cause prices to rise.
all of the adverse weather conditions described above, including those impacting our customers and our operations, such as the physical risk from storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change. our donaldsonville and waggaman complexes are located in an area of the united states that experiences a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity and several of our complexes are located in areas that experience extreme weather events. in the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency and severity of adverse weather conditions, including in the geographic areas where we have operations. any significant adverse weather event or combination of adverse weather events could decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations-any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
our operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. our inability to predict future seasonal fertilizer demand accurately could result in our having excess inventory, potentially at costs in excess of market value.
the fertilizer business is seasonal. the degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. the strongest demand for our products in north america occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. in contrast, we and other fertilizer producers generally manufacture and distribute products throughout the year. as a result, we and/or our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year to ensure timely product availability during the peak demand periods. seasonality is greatest for ammonia due to the short application seasons and the limited ability of our customers and their customers to store significant quantities of this product. the seasonality of fertilizer demand generally results in our sales volumes and net sales being the highest during the spring and our working capital requirements to build inventory being the highest just prior to the start of the spring planting season.
if seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that will have to be stored (in which case our results of operations would be negatively affected by any related increased storage costs) or liquidated (in which case the selling price could be below our production, procurement and storage costs). the risks associated with excess inventory and product shortages are exacerbated by the volatility of nitrogen fertilizer prices, the constraints of our storage capacity, and the relatively brief periods during which farmers can apply nitrogen fertilizers. if prices for our products rapidly decrease, we may be subject to inventory write-downs, adversely affecting our operating results.
a change in the volume of products that our customers purchase on a forward basis, or the percentage of our sales volume that is sold to our customers on a forward basis, could increase our exposure to fluctuations in our profit margins and working capital and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and delivery dates we propose. under our forward sales programs, customers generally make an initial cash down payment at the time of order and pay the remaining portion of the contract sales value in advance of the shipment date. forward sales improve our liquidity by reducing our working capital needs due to the cash payments received from customers in advance of shipment of the product and allow us to improve our production scheduling and planning and the utilization of our manufacturing and distribution assets.
any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until the related orders are shipped, which can take up to several months.
we believe the ability to purchase products on a forward basis is most appealing to our customers during periods of generally increasing prices for nitrogen fertilizers. our customers may be less willing or even unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis during periods of generally decreasing or stable prices or during periods of relatively high fertilizer prices due to the expectation of lower prices in the future. in addition, our customers may be unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis due to their limited capital resources. fixing the selling prices of our products, often months in advance of their ultimate delivery to customers, typically causes our reported selling prices and margins to differ from spot market prices and margins available at the time of shipment. in periods of rising fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in lower profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis.
operational risks our operations are dependent upon raw materials and utilities provided by third parties, and any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities may adversely affect our business.
we use raw materials, primarily natural gas, and utilities, such as electricity, in the manufacture of our nitrogen products. we purchase raw materials and utilities from third party suppliers. our natural gas is transported by pipeline to our facilities by third party transportation providers or through the use of facilities owned by third parties. delays or interruptions in the delivery of raw materials and utilities may be caused by, among other things, extreme weather or natural disasters, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties or shortages, insolvency of our suppliers or their inability to meet existing contractual arrangements, deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents, unplanned maintenance or mechanical failures. in addition, the transport of natural gas by pipeline is subject to additional risks, including delays or interruptions caused by capacity constraints, leaks or ruptures. any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities, even for a limited period, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
cf industries holdings, inc.
our transportation and distribution activities rely on third party providers and are subject to environmental, safety and regulatory oversight. this exposes us to risks and uncertainties beyond our control that may adversely affect our operations and exposes us to additional liability.
we rely on natural gas pipelines to transport raw materials to our manufacturing facilities. in addition, we rely on railroad, barge, truck, vessel and pipeline companies to coordinate and deliver finished products to our distribution system and to ship finished products to our customers. we also lease rail cars in order to ship finished products. these transportation operations, equipment and services are subject to various hazards and other sources of disruption, including adverse operating conditions on the inland waterway system or on the seas with respect to oceangoing vessels, extreme weather conditions, system failures, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties or shortages, shutdowns, delays, accidents such as spills and derailments, vessel groundings and other accidents and operating hazards. additionally, due to the aging infrastructure of certain rail lines, bridges, roadways, pipelines, river locks, and equipment that our third party service providers utilize, we may experience delays in both the receipt of raw materials or the shipment of finished product while repairs, maintenance or replacement activities are conducted. also, certain third party service providers, such as railroads, have from time to time experienced service delays or shutdowns due to capacity constraints in their systems, operational and maintenance difficulties, blockades, organized labor strikes, weather or safety-related embargoes and delays, and other events, which could impact the shipping of our products and cause disruption in our operations and supply chain.
these transportation operations, equipment and services are also subject to environmental, safety, and regulatory oversight. due to concerns related to accidents, discharges or other releases of hazardous substances, terrorism or the potential use of fertilizers as explosives, governmental entities could implement new or more stringent regulatory requirements affecting the transportation of raw materials or finished products.
if shipping of our products is delayed or we are unable to obtain raw materials as a result of these transportation companies' failure to operate properly, or if new and more stringent regulatory requirements were implemented affecting transportation operations or equipment, or if there were significant increases in the cost of these services or equipment, our revenues and cost of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, increases in our transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the united states and canada, the railroad industry continues various efforts to limit the railroads' potential liability stemming from the transportation of toxic inhalation hazard materials, such as the anhydrous ammonia we transport to and from our manufacturing and distribution facilities. for example, various railroads shift liability to shippers by contract, purport to shift liability to shippers by tariff, or otherwise seek to require shippers to indemnify and defend the railroads from and against liabilities (including in negligence, strict liability, or statutory liability) that may arise from certain acts or omissions of the railroads, third parties that may have insufficient resources, or the company or from unknown causes or acts of god. these initiatives could materially and adversely affect our operating expenses and potentially our ability to transport anhydrous ammonia and increase our liability for releases of our anhydrous ammonia while in the care, custody and control of the railroads, third parties or us, for which our insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. new or more stringent regulatory requirements also could be implemented affecting the equipment used to ship our raw materials or finished products. restrictions on service, increases in transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, and any railroad industry initiatives that may impact our ability to transport our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are reliant on a limited number of key facilities.
our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located at nine separate nitrogen complexes, the largest of which is the donaldsonville complex, which represented approximately 40% of our ammonia production capacity as of december 31, 2023. the suspension of operations at any of these complexes could adversely affect our ability to produce our products and fulfill our commitments, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. operational disruptions could occur for many reasons, including natural disasters, weather, unplanned maintenance and other manufacturing problems, disease, strikes or other labor unrest or transportation interruptions. for example, our donaldsonville and waggaman complexes are located in an area of the united states that experiences extreme weather events, including a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity, and several of our other complexes are also located in areas that experience extreme weather events. extreme weather events, including temperature extremes, depending on their severity and location, have the potential not only to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, but also to affect adversely the shipping and distribution of our products. moreover, our facilities may be subject to failure of equipment that may be difficult to replace or have long delivery lead times, due in part to a limited number of suppliers, and could result in operational disruptions.
cf industries holdings, inc.
we are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems, and any technology disruption or cybersecurity incident could negatively affect our operations.
we rely on internal and third-party information technology and computer control systems in many aspects of our business, including internal and external communications, the management of our accounting, financial and supply chain functions and plant operations. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, implement and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, inaccurate financial reporting, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. in addition, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. security breaches of our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, business partners, customers or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability.
as with most large systems, our information technology systems (and those of our suppliers) have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyberattacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. to date, we are not aware of any significant impact on our operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access or other types of cyberattacks could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could: interrupt our operations at one or more sites; delay production and shipments; result in the theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation; result in legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy or other laws, or increased costs for security and remediation; or raise concerns regarding our accounting for transactions. each of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and our financial statements, some of which could be material.
our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, customers, and suppliers. the protection of such information, as well as our proprietary information, is critical to us. the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new requirements and changes to existing requirements. breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our employees, customers or suppliers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us or our employees, customers, suppliers or other individuals or entities affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. these events could also damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business.
acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism could negatively affect our business.
like other companies with major industrial facilities, we may be targets of terrorist activities. many of our plants and facilities store significant quantities of ammonia and other materials that can be dangerous if mishandled. any damage to infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, or injury to employees, who could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism, may affect our operations. any disruption of our ability to produce or distribute our products could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
due to concerns related to terrorism or the potential use of certain nitrogen products as explosives, we are subject to various security laws and regulations. in the united states, these security laws include the maritime transportation security act of 2002 and the chemical facility anti-terrorism standards (although this legislation is currently expired as congress works to reauthorize it). in addition, president obama issued in 2013 executive order 13650 improving chemical facility safety and security to improve chemical facility safety in coordination with owners and operators. governmental entities could implement new or impose more stringent regulations affecting the security of our plants, terminals and warehouses or the transportation and use of fertilizers and other nitrogen products. these regulations could result in higher operating costs or limitations on the sale of our products and could result in significant unanticipated costs, lower revenues and reduced profit margins. we manufacture and sell certain nitrogen products that can be used as explosives. it is possible that governmental entities in the united states or elsewhere could impose additional limitations on the use, sale or distribution of nitrogen products, thereby limiting our ability to manufacture or sell those products, or that illicit use of our products could result in liability for us.
cf industries holdings, inc.
we are subject to risks associated with international operations.
our international business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; unexpected changes in regulatory environments; currency fluctuations; tax rates that may exceed those in the united states; earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements; and the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions.
changes in governmental trade policies can lead to the imposition of new taxes, levies, duties, tariffs or quotas affecting agricultural commodities, fertilizer or industrial products. these can alter or impact costs, trade flows, demand for our products, access to raw materials and other supplies, and regional supply and demand balances for our products.
our principal reporting currency is the u.s. dollar and our business operations and investments outside the united states increase our risk related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. the main currencies to which we are exposed, besides the u.s. dollar, are the canadian dollar, the british pound and the euro. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. we may selectively reduce some foreign currency exchange rate risk by, among other things, requiring contracted purchases of our products to be settled in, or indexed to, the u.s. dollar or a currency freely convertible into u.s. dollars, or hedging through foreign currency derivatives. these efforts, however, may not be effective and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations and economic sanctions programs in various jurisdictions, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, the united kingdom bribery act 2010, the canadian corruption of foreign public officials act; economic sanctions programs administered by the united nations (un), the eu and the office of foreign assets control of the u.s. department of the treasury; and regulations under the comprehensive iran sanctions, accountability, and divestment act of 2010. as a result of doing business internationally, we are exposed to a risk of violating anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations applicable in those countries where we, our partners or our agents operate. violations of anti-corruption and sanctions laws and regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts (and termination of existing contracts) and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. the violation of applicable laws by our employees, consultants, agents or partners could subject us to penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to antitrust and competition laws in various countries throughout the world. we cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will change over time. changes in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may limit our existing or future operations and growth.
financial risks our operations and the production and handling of our products involve significant risks and hazards. we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. therefore, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover our losses.
our operations are subject to hazards inherent in the manufacture, transportation, storage and distribution of chemical products, including ammonia, which is highly toxic and can be corrosive, and ammonium nitrate, which is explosive. these hazards include: explosions; fires; extreme weather and natural disasters; train derailments, collisions, vessel groundings and other transportation and maritime incidents; leaks and ruptures involving storage tanks, pipelines and rail cars; spills, discharges and releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents; mechanical failures; unscheduled plant downtime; labor difficulties and other risks. some of these hazards can cause bodily injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations for an extended period of time and/or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities.
our exposure to these risks and hazards is exemplified by a fire and explosion that occurred at a fertilizer storage and distribution facility in west, texas, in 2013. the fire and explosion resulted in 15 fatalities and claims of injuries to approximately 200 people, and damaged or destroyed a number of homes and buildings around the facility. we did not own or operate the facility or directly sell our products to the facility, but products that we manufactured and sold to others were delivered to the facility and may have been stored at the facility at the time of the incident. we were named as defendants along with other companies in lawsuits, in which the claims against us have since been resolved, alleging various theories of negligence, strict liability, and breach of warranty in connection with the incident.
we maintain property, business interruption, casualty and liability insurance policies, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. if we were to incur significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are cf industries holdings, inc.
subject to various self-insured retentions, deductibles and limits under these insurance policies. the policies also contain exclusions and conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our ability to receive indemnification thereunder. our policies are generally renewed annually. as a result of market conditions, our premiums, self-insured retentions and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. in addition, significantly increased costs could lead us to decide to reduce, or possibly eliminate, coverage. there can be no assurance that we will be able to buy and maintain insurance with adequate limits and reasonable pricing terms and conditions.
our indebtedness could adversely affect our cash flow, prevent us from fulfilling our obligations and impair our ability to pursue or achieve other business objectives.
as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $3.0 billion of total funded indebtedness, consisting primarily of unsecured senior notes with varying maturity dates between 2026 and 2044, or approximately 26% of our total capitalization (total debt plus total equity), and an additional $750 million of unsecured senior borrowing availability (reflecting no outstanding borrowings and no outstanding letters of credit) for general corporate purposes under our revolving credit agreement (the revolving credit agreement). our debt service obligations will have an impact on our earnings and cash flow for so long as the indebtedness is outstanding.
our indebtedness could, as a result of our debt service obligations or through the operation of the financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under the agreements and instruments governing that indebtedness and otherwise, have important consequences. for example, it could:
•make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because any related decrease in revenues could cause us not to have sufficient cash flows from operations to make our scheduled debt payments;
•cause us to be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions;
•cause us to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service, reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital and capital expenditures, and other business activities;
•cause us to be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•expose us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the revolving credit agreement, could be at variable rates of interest;
•make us more leveraged than some of our competitors, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage;
•restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or utilize excess cash to repurchase shares of our common stock;
•limit our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; and
•result in our credit ratings being downgraded, which could increase the cost of further borrowings.
we expect to consider options to refinance our outstanding indebtedness from time to time. our ability to obtain any financing, whether through the issuance of new debt securities or otherwise, and the terms of any such financing are dependent on, among other things, our financial condition, financial market conditions within our industry and generally, credit ratings and numerous other factors, including factors beyond our control. consequently, in the event that we need to access the credit markets, including to refinance our debt, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable timeframe, if at all. an inability to obtain financing with acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the terms of our existing indebtedness allow us to incur significant additional debt. if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks that we face as a result of our leverage could intensify. if our financial condition or operating results deteriorate, our relations with our creditors, including the holders of our outstanding debt securities, the lenders under the revolving credit agreement and our suppliers, may be materially and adversely affected.
a failure to satisfy the financial maintenance covenant under the revolving credit agreement or a breach of the covenants under any of the agreements governing our indebtedness could limit the borrowing availability under the revolving credit agreement or result in an event of default under such agreements.
our ability to comply with the covenants in the agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness, including the consolidated net leverage ratio maintenance covenant contained in the revolving credit agreement, will depend upon our future performance and various other factors, such as market prices for our nitrogen products, natural gas prices and other business, competitive and regulatory factors, many of which are beyond our control. we may not be able to maintain compliance with all of these covenants. in that event, we may not be able to access the borrowing availability under the cf industries holdings, inc.
revolving credit agreement and we would need to seek an amendment to our debt agreements or would need to refinance our indebtedness. there can be no assurance that we can obtain future amendments or waivers of our debt agreements and instruments, or refinance our debt, and, even if we were able to do so, such relief might only last for a limited period, potentially necessitating additional amendments, waivers or refinancings. any noncompliance by us with the covenants under our debt agreements and instruments could result in an event of default under those debt agreements and instruments. an event of default under an agreement or instrument governing any of our indebtedness may allow our creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. if our lenders or holders of our debt securities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may be forced to liquidate certain assets to repay all or part of our indebtedness, which could materially and adversely impair our business operations. an event of default under the revolving credit agreement would permit the lenders thereunder to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under the revolving credit agreement. in the event our creditors accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness, we cannot assure that we would have sufficient assets to make such repayment.
potential future downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect our access to capital, cause vendors to change their credit terms for doing business with us, and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on us.
as of february 12, 2024, our corporate credit rating by s&p global ratings is bbb with a stable outlook; our corporate credit rating by moody's investor services, inc. is baa3 with a positive outlook; and our corporate credit rating with fitch ratings, inc. is bbb with a stable outlook. these ratings and our current credit condition affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital, especially debt, as well as the payment terms that vendors are willing to provide us. negative changes in these ratings may result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates under the terms of any new debt, and could cause vendors to shorten our payment terms, require us to pay in advance for materials or services, or provide letters of credit, security, or other credit enhancements in order to do business with us.
tax matters, including changes in tax laws or rates, adverse determinations by taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to taxes in the united states, where most of our operations are located, and in several foreign jurisdictions where our subsidiaries are organized or conduct business. tax laws or rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may be subject to significant change. our future effective tax rate could also be affected by changes in our mix of earnings from jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates and tax systems, changes in valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.
we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the internal revenue service (irs) and other taxing authorities in jurisdictions where we conduct business. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. there can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we have used the cash we generate outside the united states primarily to fund development of our business in non-u.s. jurisdictions. if the funds generated by our u.s. business are not sufficient to meet our need for cash in the united states or if cash generated outside the united states exceeds the needs of such non-u.s. operations, we may repatriate a portion of our future international earnings to the united states. under the tax laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, those international earnings could be subject to withholding taxes when repatriated; therefore, the repatriation of those earnings could result in an increase in our worldwide effective tax rate and an increase in our use of cash to pay these taxes.
we also need to comply with other new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. the enactment of, or increases in, carbon taxes, tariffs or value added taxes, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to risks involving derivatives and the risk that our hedging activities might not prevent losses.
from time to time, we utilize natural gas derivatives to hedge our financial exposure to the price volatility of natural gas, the principal raw material we use in the production of nitrogen-based products. we may use natural gas futures, swaps and option contracts traded in over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. in addition, from time to time, we use fixed-price, physical purchase and sales contracts to hedge our exposure to natural gas price volatility. in order to manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we may from time to time use foreign currency derivatives (primarily forward exchange contracts).
cf industries holdings, inc.
our use of derivatives can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives that do not qualify for, or to which we do not apply, hedge accounting. to the extent that our derivative positions lose value, we may be required to post collateral with our counterparties, adversely affecting our liquidity.
hedging arrangements are imperfect and unhedged risks will always exist. in addition, our hedging activities may themselves give rise to various risks that could adversely affect us. for example, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk when our derivatives are in a net asset position. the counterparties to our derivatives are multi-national commercial banks, major financial institutions or large energy companies.
our liquidity could be negatively impacted by a counterparty default on settlement of one or more of our derivative financial instruments or by the triggering of any cross default provisions or credit support requirements against us. additionally, the international swaps and derivative association master netting arrangements for most of our derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features, such as cross default provisions and credit support requirements. in the event of certain defaults or a credit ratings downgrade, our counterparty may request early termination and net settlement of certain derivative trades or may require us to collateralize derivatives in a net liability position.
at other times we may not utilize derivatives or derivative strategies to hedge certain risks or to reduce the financial exposure of price volatility. as a result, we may not prevent certain material adverse impacts that could have been mitigated through the use of derivative strategies.
environmental and regulatory risks we are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements, as well as potential environmental liabilities, which may require us to make substantial expenditures or modify business plans.
we are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the united states, canada, the united kingdom, the eu, trinidad and other locations, including laws and regulations relating to the generation and handling of hazardous substances and wastes; the introduction of new chemicals or substances into a market; the cleanup of hazardous substance releases; the discharge of regulated substances to land, air or water; and the demolition and cleanup of existing plant sites upon permanent closure. in the united states, these laws include the clean air act, the clean water act, the resource conservation and recovery act, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act (cercla), the toxic substances control act and various other federal, state, provincial, local and international laws. in november 2021, the infrastructure investment and jobs act reinstated and doubled the superfund tax on chemicals, including ammonia and nitric acid. these taxes were put in place from july 1, 2022 through december 31, 2031 and apply to both the domestic production and import of ammonia and nitric acid products, except to the extent such products are used in fertilizer or animal feed, used as fuel or exported.
as a producer of nitrogen products working with hazardous substances, our business faces risks of spills, discharges or other releases of those substances into the environment. certain environmental laws, including cercla, impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for cleanup costs on persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. given the nature of our business, we have incurred, are incurring currently, and are likely to incur periodically in the future, liabilities under cercla and other environmental cleanup laws at our current facilities or facilities previously owned or operated by us or other acquired businesses, adjacent or nearby third-party facilities or offsite disposal locations. the costs associated with future cleanup activities that we may be required to conduct or finance may be material. additionally, we may become liable to third parties for damages, including personal injury and property damage, resulting from the disposal or release of hazardous substances into the environment.
violations of environmental, health and safety laws can result in substantial penalties, court orders to install pollution-control equipment, civil and criminal sanctions, permit revocations and facility shutdowns. environmental, health and safety laws change regularly and have tended to become more stringent over time. as a result, we have not always been and may not always be in compliance with all environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. we may be subject to more stringent enforcement of existing or new environmental, health and safety laws in the future. additionally, future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or reinterpretation of or changes to current laws and regulations may require us to make substantial expenditures or modify business plans. our costs to comply with, or any liabilities under, these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
from time to time, our production, distribution or storage of anhydrous ammonia and other hazardous or regulated substances has resulted in accidental releases that have temporarily disrupted our operations and/or resulted in liability for administrative penalties, cleanup costs, and/or claims for personal injury. to date, our costs to resolve these liabilities have not cf industries holdings, inc.
been material. however, we could incur significant costs if our liability coverage is not sufficient to pay for all or a large part of any judgments against us, or if our insurance carrier refuses coverage for these losses.
we hold numerous environmental and other governmental permits and approvals authorizing operations at each of our facilities. expansion or modification of our operations is predicated upon securing necessary environmental or other permits or approvals, and in some cases, the ability of our partners, lessors and other third-party providers, as applicable, to secure such permits or approvals. more stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, a reinterpretation of or changes to current laws and regulations, or community opposition to permits and approvals could make it more difficult to obtain necessary governmental permits (including renewals of our existing permits) or approvals. in addition, a focus on the cumulative impact of industrial operations on minority, lower income, and other historically underrepresented and/or disadvantaged communities could impact decisions relating to the issuance of new or renewal of existing permits to the extent that our operations are located in the vicinity of such communities. a decision by a government agency to deny or delay issuing a new or renewed regulatory permit or approval, or to revoke or substantially modify an existing permit or approval, or a determination that we have violated a law or permit could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operations at our facilities and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
future regulatory or legislative restrictions on greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate or conduct business could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our production facilities emit ghgs, such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide, and natural gas, a fossil fuel that releases methane when extracted from the earth, is a primary raw material used in our nitrogen production process. because conventional ammonia production generates co2 as an unavoidable chemical byproduct, ammonia production globally is considered an emissions- and energy-intensive industry. we are subject to ghg regulations in the united kingdom, canada and the united states. in the united states, our existing facilities, which are considered large emitters of ghgs, currently are only subject to ghg emissions reporting obligations. new facilities that we build, or existing facilities that we modify in the future, could also be subject to ghg emissions standards included in their air permits.
our manufacturing plants in the alberta and ontario provinces of canada are subject to regulations that impose a price on excess ghg emissions. these regulations establish carbon dioxide equivalent (co2e) emissions standards applicable to our facilities in terms of emissions per unit of production, with each province using different formulas for establishing these intensity limits and changes in these limits over time (and federal law applying if provincial plans are not considered sufficiently stringent). if co2e emissions exceed the applicable limits, the excess emissions must be offset, either through obtaining qualifying emission credits or offsets or by making a payment for each ton of excess emissions. pursuant to canadian regulations, emissions are subject to an annual increase in price on co2e through 2030, and these ghg regulations became more stringent effective january 1, 2023 and became subject to an increasing carbon price of cad $80/tonne on january 1, 2024.
increasing concern over the effects of climate change is driving countries to establish ever more ambitious ghg reduction targets. approximately 200 countries, including the united states, canada, the united kingdom and the members of the eu, have joined the paris agreement, an international agreement intended to provide a framework pursuant to which the parties to the agreement will attempt to hold the increase in global average temperatures to below 2°c above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5oc above pre-industrial levels. the united states, canada and the united kingdom have also announced national targets to reduce ghg emissions in each case by 40% or more by 2030 as compared to 2005 levels and have led or joined other initiatives to spur faster reductions related to carbon dioxide, methane and other ghgs.
in addition, the biden administration has issued several executive orders focused on climate change to promote more active management of these issues across the executive branch, including by the epa and the departments of energy, agriculture, interior, transportation and treasury, and has issued proposed and final regulations related to methane and other ghg reduction efforts. in late december 2023, the internal revenue service issued proposed guidance on the 45v hydrogen production tax credit created by the 2022 inflation reduction act (ira). final implementation of the ira may impact the market for green and low-carbon hydrogen and associated ammonia products. in addition, pursuant to the ira, the epa will begin to assess a methane fee on certain oil and natural gas facilities for methane emissions that exceed a designated threshold. this fee will apply to methane emissions from 2024 onward, and, under the proposed rules issued by the epa in january 2024, will be assessed beginning in 2025. in may 2023, the epa proposed new regulations requiring certain types of power plants to change their operations and/or install emissions control equipment to reduce ghg emissions. while these proposed regulations do not apply to us, they could inform future epa regulations that may apply to us and require us to reduce our ghg emissions.
the eu finalized its overall carbon border adjustment mechanism in may 2023. during the interim phase, covering imports, including nitrogenous fertilizers, entering the eu from the fourth quarter of 2023 through the fourth quarter of 2025, cf industries holdings, inc.
importers must file quarterly reports on the emissions intensity of covered products. for imports that enter the eu starting in 2026, charges will be required for emissions over certain thresholds, with the eu still to set forth additional details. other governments are also considering border adjustment mechanisms for carbon intensive products. the imposition of any carbon border adjustment taxes may impact investment and trade flows, which could adversely impact our business.
more stringent ghg regulations, if they are enacted, are likely to have a significant impact on us, because our production facilities emit ghgs such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide and because natural gas, a fossil fuel that releases methane when extracted from the earth, is a primary raw material used in our nitrogen production process. regulation of ghgs may require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase our operating costs, reduce our efficiency, limit our output, require us to make capital improvements to our facilities, increase our costs for or limit the availability of energy, raw materials or transportation, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. changes could also be made to tax or other regulatory policies related to decarbonization, electricity generation or clean energy that could impact our business and investment decisions. in addition, to the extent that ghg restrictions are not imposed in countries where our competitors operate or are less stringent than regulations that may be imposed in the united states, canada or the united kingdom, our competitors may have cost or other competitive advantages over us.
strategic risks the market for green and low-carbon (blue) ammonia may be slow to develop, may not develop to the size expected or may not develop at all. moreover, we may not be successful in the development and implementation of our green and low-carbon ammonia projects in a timely or economic manner, or at all, due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
the market for green and low-carbon ammonia is developing and evolving, may not develop to the size or at the rate we expect, and is dependent in part on the developing market for green and low-carbon hydrogen, for which ammonia can serve as a transport and storage mechanism. these markets are heavily influenced by demand for clean energy, technology evolution and federal, state and local government laws, regulations and policies concerning carbon emissions, renewable electricity, clean energy, and corporate accountability in the united states and abroad. these factors may also affect the market criteria for green and low-carbon ammonia, including the degree of reduction of direct ghg emissions and the requirements of renewable electricity.
we believe the demand for green and low-carbon ammonia could take several years to materialize and then ten or more years to fully develop and mature, and we cannot be certain that this market or the market for green and low-carbon hydrogen will grow to the size or at the rate we expect or at all. hydrogen currently accounts for less than 1% of the world's energy needs.
the recognition and acceptance of green and low-carbon ammonia as a transport and storage mechanism for green and low-carbon hydrogen, the use of green and low-carbon ammonia as a fuel in its own right, the use of green and low-carbon ammonia as a fertilizer, and the development and growth of end market demand and applications for green and low-carbon hydrogen and green and low-carbon ammonia are uncertain and dependent on a number of factors outside of our control. these factors include, among others, the extent to which and rate at which cost competitive global renewable energy capacity increases, the pricing of traditional and alternative sources of energy, the realization of technological improvements required to increase the efficiency and lower the costs of production of green and low-carbon ammonia, the regulatory environment, the rate and extent of infrastructure investment and development which may be affected by the relevant parties' ability to obtain permits for these investments, the availability of tax benefits and other incentives, the implementation of policy in foreign jurisdictions providing economic support for or otherwise mandating decarbonization and our ability to provide green and low-carbon ammonia offerings cost-effectively. in addition, further development of alternative decarbonization technologies may result in viable alternatives to the use of low-carbon ammonia for many potential decarbonization applications, resulting in lower than expected market demand growth relative to our current expectations. if a sustainable market for green or low-carbon ammonia or hydrogen fails to develop, develops more slowly than we anticipate, or develops in a way that is not viable to serve with our assets and capabilities, we may decide not to implement, or may not be successful in implementing, one or more elements of our multi-year strategic plan.
our clean energy strategy also depends on the realization of certain technical improvements required to increase the efficiency and lower the costs of production of green and low-carbon ammonia. over time, as we seek to convert additional existing facilities to green and low-carbon production and further expand our green and low-carbon ammonia production capacity, we may face operational difficulties and execution risks related to the design, development and construction. if our assumptions about the engineering and project execution requirements necessary to successfully build or convert the facility capacity that we are contemplating and to scale up to larger production quantities prove to be incorrect, we may be unable to produce substantial quantities of green or low-carbon ammonia, and the cost to construct such green and low-carbon ammonia cf industries holdings, inc.
facilities, or the production costs associated with the operation of such facilities, may be higher than we project. the production of low-carbon ammonia depends to a large extent upon the ability of third parties to develop class vi carbon sequestration wells and carbon dioxide transportation pipelines, which currently do not exist at large scale and are subject to a permitting process and operational risks, which may result in delays, impact viability in some or all situations, or create long-term liabilities.
recently, many proposed green and low-carbon ammonia projects have been announced or considered, and future hydrogen, energy, or environmental/carbon policies may support development of additional nitrogen production in locations outside north america, including europe, australia, and the middle east. in the event that the growth in supply of green and low-carbon ammonia and green and low-carbon hydrogen exceeds the growth in demand for those products, the resulting unfavorable supply and demand balance could lead to lower selling prices than we expect for many of our products, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may not be successful in the expansion of our business.
we routinely consider possible expansions of our business, both within the united states and elsewhere. major investments in our business, including acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments, such as our green and low-carbon ammonia projects, require significant managerial resources, the diversion of which from our other activities or opportunities may negatively affect the existing operations of our business. we may be unable to identify or successfully compete for certain acquisition targets, which may hinder or prevent us from acquiring a target or completing other transactions. the risks of any expansion of our business through investments, acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or business combination transactions may increase due to the significant capital and other resources that we may have to commit to any such expansion, which may not be recoverable if the expansion initiative to which they were devoted is ultimately not implemented. in addition, these efforts may require capital resources that could otherwise be used for the improvement and expansion of our existing business. as a result of these and other factors, including general economic risk, we may not be able to realize our projected returns or other expected benefits from acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments. among the risks associated with the pursuit and consummation of acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or other major investments or business combinations are those involving:
•difficulties in integrating the parties' operations, systems, technologies, products, cultures, and personnel;
•incurrence of significant transaction-related expenses;
•potential integration or restructuring costs;
•potential impairment charges related to the goodwill, intangible assets or other assets to which any such transaction relates, in the event that the economic benefits of such transaction prove to be less than anticipated;
•other unanticipated costs associated with such transactions;
•our ability to achieve operating and financial efficiencies, synergies and cost savings;
•our ability to obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from any such transaction;
•the parties' ability to retain key business relationships, including relationships with employees, customers, partners and suppliers;
•potential loss of key personnel;
•entry into markets or involvement with products with which we have limited current or prior experience or in which competitors may have stronger positions;
•assumption of contingent liabilities, including litigation;
•exposure to unanticipated liabilities, including litigation;
•differences in the parties' internal control environments, which may require significant time and resources to resolve in conformity with applicable legal and accounting standards;
•increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations;
•the tax effects of any such transaction; and
•the potential for costly and time-consuming litigation, including stockholder lawsuits.
moreover, legal proceedings or other risks from acquisitions and other business combinations may arise years after a transaction has been completed and may involve matters unrelated to the business acquired. for example, in 2022, we were named along with other parties in certain product liability actions relating to a product containing the herbicide paraquat, which was allegedly sold, manufactured, distributed and/or marketed by terra industries inc. (terra) before it exited such lines of business, which exit occurred more than ten years before cf holdings acquired terra in april 2010.
in addition, most major capital projects are dependent on the availability and performance of engineering firms, construction firms, equipment and material suppliers, transportation providers and other vendors necessary to design and implement those projects on a timely basis and on acceptable terms. major investments such as capital improvements at our cf industries holdings, inc.
facilities are subject to a number of risks, any of which could prevent us from completing capital projects in a timely or economic manner or at all, including, without limitation, cost overruns, non-performance of third parties, the inability to obtain necessary permits or other permitting matters, adverse weather, defects in materials and workmanship, labor and raw material shortages, transportation constraints, changes to international trade-related policy, engineering and construction change orders, errors in design, construction or start-up, and other unforeseen difficulties.
international acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, investments or business combinations and other international expansions of our business involve additional risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to:
•the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;
•challenges caused by distance and by language and cultural differences;
•difficulties and costs of complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;
•unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
•political and economic instability, including the possibility for civil unrest;
•nationalization of properties by foreign governments;
•tax rates that may exceed those in the united states, and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements;
•the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions; and
•the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations.
if we finance acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted or we could face constraints under the terms of, and as a result of the repayment and debt-service obligations under, the additional indebtedness. a business combination transaction between us and another company could result in our stockholders receiving cash or shares of another entity on terms that such stockholders may not consider desirable. moreover, the regulatory approvals associated with a business combination may result in divestitures or other changes to our business, the effects of which are difficult to predict.
cf industries holdings, inc.
forward looking statements from time to time, in this annual report on form 10-k as well as in other written reports and oral statements, we make forward-looking statements that are not statements of historical fact and may involve a number of risks and uncertainties. these statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. these statements may also relate to our prospects, future developments and business strategies. we have used the words "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "will" or "would" and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, to identify forward-looking statements in this document. these forward-looking statements are made based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries and markets in which we operate and management's beliefs and assumptions concerning future events affecting us. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. therefore, our actual results may differ materially from what is expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. we want to caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. we do not undertake any responsibility to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date of this document. additionally, we do not undertake any responsibility to provide updates regarding the occurrence of any unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this document.
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. such factors include, among others:
•the cyclical nature of our business and the impact of global supply and demand on our selling prices;
•the global commodity nature of our nitrogen products, the conditions in the international market for nitrogen products, and the intense global competition from other producers;
•conditions in the united states, europe and other agricultural areas, including the influence of governmental policies and technological developments on the demand for our fertilizer products;
•the volatility of natural gas prices in north america and the united kingdom;
•weather conditions and the impact of adverse weather events;
•the seasonality of the fertilizer business;
•the impact of changing market conditions on our forward sales programs;
•difficulties in securing the supply and delivery of raw materials or utilities, increases in their costs or delays or interruptions in their delivery;
•reliance on third party providers of transportation services and equipment;
•our reliance on a limited number of key facilities;
•risks associated with cybersecurity;
•acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism;
•risks associated with international operations;
•the significant risks and hazards involved in producing and handling our products against which we may not be fully insured;
•our ability to manage our indebtedness and any additional indebtedness that may be incurred;
•our ability to maintain compliance with covenants under our revolving credit agreement and the agreements governing our indebtedness;
•downgrades of our credit ratings;
•risks associated with changes in tax laws and disagreements with taxing authorities;
•risks involving derivatives and the effectiveness of our risk management and hedging activities;
•potential liabilities and expenditures related to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and permitting requirements;
•regulatory restrictions and requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions;
•the development and growth of the market for green and low-carbon (blue) ammonia and the risks and uncertainties relating to the development and implementation of our green and low-carbon ammonia projects; and
•risks associated with expansions of our business, including unanticipated adverse consequences and the significant resources that could be required.
cf industries holdings, inc.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
you should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. all references to "cf holdings," "we," "us," "our" and "the company" refer to cf industries holdings, inc. and its subsidiaries, except where the context makes clear that the reference is to cf industries holdings, inc. only and not its subsidiaries. all references to "cf industries" refer to cf industries, inc., a 100% owned subsidiary of cf industries holdings, inc. references to tons refer to short tons and references to tonnes refer to metric tons. notes referenced in this discussion and analysis refer to the notes to consolidated financial statements that are found in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data-notes to consolidated financial statements. for a discussion and analysis of the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2022 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on february 23, 2023. the following is an outline of the discussion and analysis included herein:
•overview of cf holdings
•market conditions
•financial executive summary
•acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility
•items affecting comparability of results
•consolidated results of operations
•operating results by business segment
•liquidity and capital resources
•critical accounting estimates
•recent accounting pronouncements overview of cf holdings our company our mission is to provide clean energy to feed and fuel the world sustainably. with our employees focused on safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship, and disciplined capital and corporate management, we are on a path to decarbonize our ammonia production network - the world's largest - to enable green and low-carbon hydrogen and nitrogen products for energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement, and other industrial activities. our nitrogen manufacturing complexes in the united states, canada and the united kingdom, an extensive storage, transportation and distribution network in north america, and logistics capabilities enabling a global reach underpin our strategy to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world's transition to clean energy. our principal customers are cooperatives, independent fertilizer distributors, traders, wholesalers and industrial users. our core product is anhydrous ammonia (ammonia), which contains 82% nitrogen and 18% hydrogen. our nitrogen products that are upgraded from ammonia are granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan) and ammonium nitrate (an). our other nitrogen products include diesel exhaust fluid (def), urea liquor, nitric acid and aqua ammonia, which are sold primarily to our industrial customers.
our principal assets as of december 31, 2023 include:
•six u.s. nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in donaldsonville, louisiana (the largest nitrogen complex in the world); sergeant bluff, iowa (our port neal complex); yazoo city, mississippi; claremore, oklahoma (our verdigris complex); woodward, oklahoma; and waggaman, louisiana. the waggaman facility is wholly owned by us, and the other five u.s. nitrogen manufacturing facilities are wholly owned directly or indirectly by cf industries nitrogen, llc (cfn), of which we own approximately 89% and chs inc. (chs) owns the remainder (see note 19-noncontrolling interest for additional information on our strategic venture with chs);
•two canadian nitrogen manufacturing facilities, located in medicine hat, alberta (the largest nitrogen complex in canada) and courtright, ontario;
•a united kingdom nitrogen manufacturing facility located in billingham;
•an extensive system of terminals and associated transportation equipment located primarily in the midwestern united states; and cf industries holdings, inc.
•a 50% interest in point lisas nitrogen limited (plnl), an ammonia production joint venture located in the republic of trinidad and tobago (trinidad) that we account for under the equity method.
our strategy our strategy is to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world's transition to clean energy. we believe this strategy builds upon the company's leadership in ammonia production to capture emerging opportunities available to ammonia produced with a lower carbon intensity than that of ammonia produced through traditional processes. these opportunities include traditional applications in agriculture to help reduce the carbon footprint of food production and the life cycle carbon intensity of ethanol production, enabling its use for sustainable aviation fuel, among other purposes. they also include new applications, such as power generation and marine shipping, that would use the hydrogen component of the ammonia molecule for clean energy given that ammonia does not contain or emit carbon when combusted.
we execute our strategy across four dimensions: decarbonizing our existing network to accelerate the availability of low-carbon ammonia; evaluating new low-carbon ammonia capacity growth; forging partnerships to accelerate our timeline and bridge gaps in areas where we do not have expertise; and collaborating to build understanding of ammonia's clean energy capability, safety track record and regulatory environment.
decarbonization projects in our existing network include our green ammonia project at our donaldsonville, louisiana complex. green ammonia refers to ammonia produced with hydrogen sourced through an electrolysis process that produces no carbon emissions. in april 2021, we signed an engineering and procurement contract with thyssenkrupp to supply a 20 mw alkaline water electrolysis plant to produce green hydrogen at our donaldsonville complex. we will integrate the green hydrogen generated by the electrolysis plant into existing ammonia synthesis loops to enable the production of approximately 20,000 tons per year of green ammonia. the green hydrogen production facility is mechanically complete, and commissioning activities began in early 2024. we believe that the donaldsonville green ammonia project will be the largest of its kind in north america at the time of its startup.
decarbonization projects in our existing network also include the production of low-carbon ammonia. low-carbon ammonia is ammonia produced by conventional processes but with approximately 60-98% of the process and flue gas co2 generated by ammonia production removed through carbon capture and sequestration (ccs). we are executing a project also at our donaldsonville complex that will enable us to produce a significant volume of low-carbon ammonia. at an estimated cost of $200 million, we are constructing a co2 dehydration and compression facility to enable ccs at the facility. engineering activities for the construction of the dehydration and compression unit continue to advance, all major equipment for the facility has been procured, fabrication of the co2 compressors is proceeding, and construction activities at the donaldsonville site are underway. once the dehydration and compression unit is in service and sequestration is initiated, we expect that the donaldsonville complex will have the capacity to dehydrate and compress up to 2 million tons per year of process co2, thereby converting a portion of our existing ammonia production to low-carbon ammonia. in october 2022, we announced that we had entered into a definitive co2 offtake agreement with exxonmobil to transport and permanently sequester the co2 from donaldsonville. start-up for the project is planned for 2025. under current regulations, the project would be expected to qualify for tax credits under section 45q of the internal revenue code, which provides a credit per tonne of co2 sequestered.
alongside these projects, we are also evaluating the construction of greenfield low-carbon ammonia capacity in louisiana. in the fourth quarter of 2023, we and mitsui & co., ltd. (mitsui) completed a front-end engineering and design (feed) study on a greenfield steam methane reforming (smr) ammonia facility with ccs technologies. the feed study estimates the cost of a project with these attributes to be in the range of $3 billion, with approximately $2.5 billion allocated to the ammonia facility and ccs technologies and approximately $500 million allocated to scalable common infrastructure for the site, such as ammonia storage and vessel loading docks.
we and mitsui are progressing two additional feed studies focused on technologies with the potential to further reduce the carbon intensity of the proposed low-carbon ammonia facility, including a feed study evaluating autothermal reforming (atr) ammonia production technology and a feed study assessing the cost and viability of adding flue gas capture to an smr ammonia facility. we expect to complete both feed studies in the second half of 2024.
we and mitsui are targeting the second half of 2024 for the final investment decision on the proposed greenfield low-carbon ammonia facility. should the companies agree to move forward, the ammonia facility would be constructed at our new blue point complex. we own the land for the complex, which is located on the west bank of the mississippi river in ascension parish, louisiana. construction and commissioning of a new world-scale ammonia plant typically takes approximately four years from the time construction begins.
in addition to ongoing discussions with existing customers who have interest in forthcoming availability of low-carbon ammonia for traditional applications, we are engaged in advanced discussions regarding the supply of low-carbon ammonia for cf industries holdings, inc.
new applications. in the first quarter of 2023, we signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with jera co., inc. (jera), japan's largest energy generator, regarding the long-term supply of up to 500,000 tonnes per year of clean ammonia beginning in 2027. the execution of the mou was the result of a supplier comparison and evaluation process for the procurement of clean ammonia that jera initiated in february 2022 for the world's first commercial scale ammonia co-firing operations that jera is developing. the mou establishes a framework for jera and us to assess how we would best supply jera with clean ammonia, which will be required to be produced with at least 60% lower carbon emissions than conventionally produced ammonia, under a long-term offtake agreement. we and jera are evaluating a range of potential supply options, including jera making an equity investment with us to develop a clean ammonia facility in louisiana and a supplementary long-term offtake agreement.
we are also evaluating and in various stages of developing discussions and agreements with other companies for clean ammonia long-term offtake opportunities related to new applications of ammonia.
industry factors we operate in a highly competitive, global industry. our operating results are influenced by a broad range of factors, including those outlined below.
global supply and demand factors our products are globally traded commodities and are subject to price competition. the customers for our products make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, on reliability, customer service and product quality. the selling prices of our products fluctuate in response to global market conditions, changes in supply and demand and cost factors.
historically, global fertilizer demand has been driven primarily by population growth, gross domestic product growth, changes in dietary habits, planted acreage, and application rates, among other things. we expect these key variables to continue to have major impacts on long-term fertilizer demand for the foreseeable future. short-term fertilizer demand growth may depend on global economic conditions, farm sector income, weather patterns, the level of global grain stocks relative to consumption, fertilizer application rates, and governmental regulations, including fertilizer subsidies or requirements mandating increased use of bio-fuels or industrial nitrogen products, such as def. geopolitical factors such as temporary disruptions in fertilizer trade related to government intervention, shipping delays and/or cost increases resulting from regional conflicts or changes in the buying/selling patterns of key exporting/consuming countries, including china, india, russia and brazil, among others, often play a major role in shaping near-term market fundamentals. the economics of nitrogen-based fertilizer manufacturing play a key role in decisions to increase or reduce production capacity. supply of fertilizers is generally driven by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, government policies and global trade. raw materials are dependent on energy sources such as natural gas or coal; therefore, supply costs are affected by the supply of and demand for those commodities.
global trade in fertilizer profitability of our products within a particular geographic region is determined not only by the relationship between global supply and demand, but also by the supply/demand balance within that region. regional supply and demand can be influenced significantly by factors affecting trade within regions. some of these factors include the relative cost to produce and deliver product, relative currency values, the availability of credit, agricultural supply and demand, industrial product demand and policies such as emissions abatement, government support for manufacturers or purchasers and governmental nitrogen product trade policies, including the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade or investment. government energy or carbon policies may also affect regional nitrogen supply and demand. the development of additional natural gas reserves in north america has decreased natural gas costs in north america relative to the rest of the world, making north american nitrogen fertilizer producers more competitive. changes in currency values may also alter our cost competitiveness relative to producers in other regions of the world.
the north american nitrogen fertilizer market for certain nitrogen products is dependent on imports to balance supply and demand, and imports traditionally account for a significant portion of nitrogen fertilizer products consumed in north america. producers of nitrogen-based fertilizers located in the middle east, trinidad, africa and russia have been major exporters to north america in recent years.
cf industries holdings, inc.
farmers' economics the demand for fertilizer is affected by the aggregate crop planting decisions and fertilizer application rate decisions of individual farmers. individual farmers make planting decisions based largely on prospective profitability of a harvest, while the specific varieties and amounts of fertilizer they apply depend on factors like their current liquidity, soil conditions, weather patterns, crop and fertilizer prices, fertilizer products used and timing of applications, expected yields and the types of crops planted.
market conditions geopolitical environment changes in the geopolitical environment can have significant effects on our financial results. russia's invasion of ukraine in february 2022, and the resulting war between russia and ukraine, disrupted global markets for certain commodities, including natural gas, nitrogen fertilizers and certain commodity grains and oilseeds, leading to production curtailments, export reductions and logistical complications involving these commodities. additionally, energy, financial and transportation sanctions were announced by u.s., canadian, european and other governments against russia in response to the war. during 2022 and 2023, market participants continued to adjust trade flows and manufacturers have continued to adjust production levels in response to changing conditions resulting from these factors. as of the date of filing of this report, nitrogen fertilizers have largely been explicitly exempted from sanctions against russia by the united states and certain other governments, and as a result, there has been an increase in russian fertilizer exports into the united states and other parts of the world.
as further described below, natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce our nitrogen products. natural gas is a globally traded commodity that experiences price fluctuations based on supply and demand balances and has been impacted by geopolitical events, including the war between russia and ukraine. european energy markets, which have historically sourced a substantial portion of their natural gas from russia, were disrupted by russia's invasion of ukraine and the subsequent reduction of russian natural gas supply to europe during 2022. this led to further increases in natural gas prices and natural gas price volatility, which in turn have led to disruptions in manufacturing and distribution activities at other nitrogen manufacturers and suppliers in our industry, resulting in changes in nitrogen product trade flows and reductions in global fertilizer supply. in september 2022, in response to the high prices for natural gas in the united kingdom, we idled ammonia production at our billingham complex and since that time have been importing ammonia from one of our other manufacturing facilities or from purchases in the open market for upgrade into an and other nitrogen products at our billingham complex. in the third quarter of 2023, we approved our plan to permanently close the ammonia plant at our billingham complex.
the geopolitical developments that began in 2022 relating to the war in ukraine also led to some supply chain disruptions for russian and other producers of fertilizer, contributing to reduced global nitrogen fertilizer supply. in particular, disruptions in nitrogen exports from russia, a leading exporter of nitrogen fertilizer products globally, and nitrogen production in europe, as a result of higher and more volatile natural gas prices as russian-sourced natural gas supply declined, contributed to reduced nitrogen supply globally. in addition, russia and ukraine have been large exporters of commodity grains such as wheat, corn and soybeans. the direct and indirect impacts of the war in ukraine, and the related uncertainty, resulted in reduced commodity grain supply from russia and ukraine, causing increased prices for grains globally. the increase in commodity grain prices in turn supported strong demand for nitrogen fertilizer in 2022.
these geopolitical developments further contributed to an already tight global supply and demand balance for nitrogen fertilizers, causing changes in global trade flows as both manufacturers and customers reacted to the changing market dynamics. as a result, global nitrogen fertilizer prices remained high and experienced significant volatility in 2022.
as russian-sourced natural gas supply declined due to geopolitical factors, european purchasers of natural gas increased imports of liquefied natural gas (lng) to build storage levels leading up to the winter 2022/2023 peak demand season. as storage levels of natural gas increased due to the increased lng imports, in conjunction with a warmer than normal winter in europe, prices for natural gas fell during the first half of 2023 and then stabilized during the third quarter of 2023. as natural gas prices decreased, certain nitrogen producers restarted previously idled production, leading to an increase in global nitrogen production operating rates. the increased global nitrogen product supply availability resulting from the increase in operating rates, in addition to new global production coming on line and an increase in imports of russian uan into the united states, resulted in an increase in supply and lower average selling prices in 2023 compared to average selling prices realized in 2022. russian exports of ammonia, which had been curtailed due to reduced pipeline flow, may also increase in 2024 as russian producers develop alternative avenues to export product.
cf industries holdings, inc.
we expect that these geopolitical events, and any further government-imposed sanctions or other government actions affecting food or energy security, will continue to have an impact on the supply and demand balance of nitrogen fertilizer products globally and selling prices for our nitrogen fertilizer products.
in addition, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023 and continuing into 2024, there have been escalating conflicts in the middle east. this has led to shipping disruptions as shippers avoid conflicts in the red sea, which increases shipping times and costs as both producers and customers adjust shipping routes and trade flows. these regional conflicts could lead to more widespread geopolitical disruption.
nitrogen selling prices and sales volume our nitrogen products are globally traded commodities with selling prices that fluctuate in response to global market conditions, changes in supply and demand, and other cost factors including domestic and local conditions. intense global competition-reflected in import volumes and prices-strongly influences delivered prices for nitrogen fertilizers. in general, the prevailing global prices for nitrogen products must be at a level to incent the high cost marginal producer to produce product at a breakeven or above price, or else they would cease production and leave a portion of global demand unsatisfied.
average selling prices for all of our major products were lower in 2023 than in 2022, as lower global energy costs reduced the global market clearing price required to meet global demand. in addition, the higher average selling prices in 2022 were driven in part by the geopolitical environment, as described above. the average selling price for our products was $347 per ton in 2023 compared to $610 per ton in 2022. the 43% decrease in the average selling prices for our products in 2023 compared to 2022 resulted in a year-over-year decrease in net sales of approximately $4.98 billion.
our total sales volume was 4% higher in 2023 than in 2022, due primarily to higher sales volume in our uan, ammonia and other segments. we shipped 19.1 million tons of product in 2023 compared to 18.3 million tons in 2022. the increase in total sales volume resulted in an increase in net sales of approximately $426 million. the impact of the waggaman acquisition, which is included in our operating results since the acquisition on december 1, 2023, increased our sales volume by 57,000 tons and our net sales by $28 million.
sales volume for our products in 2023, 2022 and 2021 is shown in the table below.
2023                                                                          2022                                                                 2021
sales volume (tons)                     net sales                    sales volume (tons)                     net sales                    sales volume (tons)                     net sales
(tons in thousands; dollars in millions)
ammonia                        3,546                           $1,679                               3,300                           $3,090                               3,589                           $1,787
granular urea                  4,570                            1,823                               4,572                            2,892                               4,290                            1,880
uan                            7,237                            2,068                               6,788                            3,572                               6,584                            1,788
an                             1,571                              497                               1,594                              845                               1,720                              510
other                          2,206                              564                               2,077                              787                               2,318                              573
total                         19,130                           $6,631                              18,331                          $11,186                              18,501                           $6,538
natural gas natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce our nitrogen products. natural gas is both a chemical feedstock and a fuel used to produce nitrogen products. natural gas is a significant cost component of our manufactured nitrogen products, representing approximately 40% and 50%, respectively, of our production costs in 2023 and 2022.
the following table presents the average daily market price of natural gas at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                2022                  2021            2023 v. 2022                                                              2022 v. 2021
average daily market price of natural gas henry hub (louisiana)           $2.53                 $6.38                 $3.82               $(3.85)                        (60)   %              $2.56                      67   %
most of our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada. as a result, the price of natural gas in north america directly impacts a substantial portion of our operating expenses. throughout 2023, there were several factors that led to lower average north american natural gas prices compared to 2022. warmer-than-normal temperatures in the cf industries holdings, inc.
first quarter of 2023 drove lower heating demand for natural gas, while north american supply remained strong, as there were few weather-related production disruptions. in addition, although the higher cost for natural gas outside of north america incentivized liquefaction facilities in the united states to export domestic natural gas during 2023, the outage at the freeport lng facility in the first quarter of 2023 as well as planned maintenance in 2023 at several other lng facilities limited total gas exports, resulting in greater domestic supply availability. in the fourth quarter of 2023, a warmer-than-average start to the winter season led to lower-than-expected heating demand, while north american natural gas production during the fourth quarter of 2023 was at historical highs. as a result, injection rates into natural gas storage in the united states during the fourth quarter of 2023 exceeded historical averages, leading to end-of-year storage levels that were 19% higher than one year earlier and 13% higher than the five-year average.
our billingham u.k. nitrogen manufacturing facility, prior to its ceasing ammonia production beginning in september 2022, was subject to fluctuations associated with the price of natural gas in europe. russia's invasion of ukraine in february 2022 disrupted european energy markets and threatened security of supply, driving natural gas prices in europe upward to unprecedented levels. the average daily market price of natural gas at the national balancing point (nbp), the major trading point for natural gas in the united kingdom, was $24.56 for 2022. in september 2022, as a result of extremely high and volatile natural gas prices and the lack of a corresponding increase in global nitrogen product market prices, we idled ammonia production at our billingham complex. since that time, we have imported ammonia for upgrade into an and other nitrogen products at our billingham complex. in the third quarter of 2023, we approved our plan to permanently close the ammonia plant at our billingham complex. as a result, we continue to import ammonia for upgrade.
the total cost of natural gas used for production at our manufacturing facilities, which includes the impact of realized natural gas derivatives, decreased 49% to $3.67 per mmbtu in 2023 from $7.18 per mmbtu in 2022. the decrease in natural gas costs in 2023 as compared to 2022 resulted in an increase in gross margin of approximately $1.16 billion.
financial executive summary we reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $1.53 billion in 2023 compared to $3.35 billion in 2022, a decrease in net earnings of 54%, or $1.82 billion. the decrease in net earnings reflects a decrease in gross margin partially offset by the following: a lower income tax provision, lower net interest expense, a decrease in net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest, and impairment charges related to our u.k. operations in 2022 that did not recur in 2023.
gross margin decreased by $3.32 billion to $2.55 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease in gross margin was due primarily to a 43% decrease in average selling prices to $347 per ton in 2023 from $610 per ton in 2022, which decreased gross margin by $4.98 billion. the impact of lower selling prices was partially offset by lower natural gas costs, which increased gross margin by $1.16 billion.
lower gross margin was partially offset by the following: a decrease in the income tax provision of $748 million due primarily to lower pre-tax earnings in 2023, a $287 million decrease in net interest expense, and a decrease of $278 million in net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest. in addition, pre-tax impairment and restructuring charges of $258 million related to our u.k. operations were recognized in 2022 compared to $10 million in 2023.
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders decreased $8.51 per share, to $7.87 per share in 2023 compared to $16.38 per share in 2022 due primarily to lower net earnings, partially offset by lower weighted-average common shares outstanding as a result of shares repurchased under our share repurchase programs.
acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility on december 1, 2023, we acquired an ammonia production facility located in waggaman, louisiana from dyno nobel louisiana ammonia, llc (dnla), a u.s. subsidiary of australia-based incitec pivot limited (ipl), pursuant to an asset purchase agreement with dnla and ipl. the facility has a nameplate capacity of 880,000 tons of ammonia annually.
in connection with the acquisition, we entered into a long-term ammonia offtake agreement providing for us to supply up to 200,000 tons of ammonia per year to ipl's dyno nobel, inc. subsidiary. under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, $425 million of the purchase price of $1.675 billion, subject to adjustment, was allocated by the parties to the ammonia offtake agreement. we funded the balance of the purchase price with $1.223 billion of cash on hand.
the consideration transferred reflects an estimated net working capital adjustment and other adjustments to the purchase price, which is subject to further adjustment pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement. we expect any further purchase price adjustments required under the asset purchase agreement will be completed in 2024.
the financial results of the waggaman facility are included in our consolidated statement of operations and in our cf industries holdings, inc.
ammonia segment from the acquisition date of december 1, 2023. for the year ended december 31, 2023, the amount of net sales and net earnings of the waggaman facility since the acquisition date was $28 million and $7 million, respectively.
in connection with recording the acquisition, we recognized, among other items, goodwill, intangible assets and a supply contract liability. see note 6-acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility for additional information.
items affecting comparability of results during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, we reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $1.53 billion and $3.35 billion, respectively. in addition to the impact of market conditions and the acquisition of the waggaman ammonia production facility discussed above, certain items affected the comparability of our financial results during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. the following table and related discussion outline these items and their impact on the comparability of our financial results for these periods. the descriptions of items below that refer to amounts in the table refer to the pre-tax amounts unless otherwise noted.
2023                                                                                                                                                             2022
pre-tax              after-tax(1)                 pre-tax         after-tax(1)
(in millions)
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives(2)                $(39)                $(30)                       $41                $31
loss on foreign currency transactions, including intercompany loans(3)                 -                        -                        28                 21
u.k. operations:
u.k. long-lived and intangible asset impairment                                        -                        -                       239                180
u.k. operations restructuring                                                          10                       8                        19                 14
acquisition and integration costs                                                      39                      29                         -                  -
unrealized gain on embedded derivative liability(3)                                    -                        -                      (14)               (11)
impairment of equity method investment in plnl(4)                                      43                      32                         -                  -
pension settlement loss and curtailment gains-net(5)                                   -                        -                        17                 13
canada revenue agency competent authority matter and transfer pricing positions:
interest expense                                                                       -                        -                       170                168
interest income                                                                        -                        -                      (29)               (22)
income tax provision(6)                                                                -                        -                         -                 65
loss on debt extinguishment                                                            -                        -                         8                  6
______________________________________________________________________________
(1)the tax impact is calculated utilizing a marginal effective rate of 23.5% in both 2023 and 2022, except for acquisition and integration costs related to the waggaman acquisition, which reflects a 26.2% marginal effective rate, and u.k. long-lived and intangible asset impairment, which reflects the amount of income tax benefit recognized. an income tax benefit for the u.k. goodwill impairment was not recorded as it is nondeductible for income tax purposes.
(2)included in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations.
(3)included in other operating-net in our consolidated statements of operations.
(4)included in equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliate in our consolidated statements of operations.
(5)included in other non-operating-net in our consolidated statement of operations.
(6)the after-tax income tax provision amount of $65 million reflects an income tax provision of $70 million, consisting of the $78 million income tax provision referenced below under "canada revenue agency competent authority matter" and the $8 million of income tax benefit referenced below under "transfer pricing positions," net of $5 million of income tax provision that is reflected in the after-tax interest expense and interest income amounts shown in this table.
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives natural gas is the largest and most volatile single component of the manufacturing cost for our nitrogen-based products. at certain times, we have managed the risk of changes in natural gas prices through the use of derivative financial instruments. the derivatives that we use for this purpose are primarily natural gas fixed price swaps, basis swaps and options. we use natural gas derivatives as an economic hedge of natural gas price risk, but without the application of hedge accounting. this can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives, which are reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations. in 2023 and 2022, we recognized an unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives of $(39) million and $41 million, respectively.
cf industries holdings, inc.
loss on foreign currency transactions, including intercompany loans in 2022, we recognized a loss on foreign currency transactions of $28 million, which consists of foreign currency exchange rate impacts on foreign currency denominated transactions, including the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany loans that were not permanently invested.
u.k. operations in 2023, we recognized total charges of $10 million, consisting primarily of the recognition of an asset retirement obligation and post-employment benefits related to contractual and statutory obligations due to employees as a result of our approved plan to permanently close the ammonia plant at our billingham complex.
in 2022, we recognized total charges of $258 million, consisting primarily of asset impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment at our billingham and ince facilities and definite-lived intangible assets. see note 7-united kingdom operations restructuring and impairment charges for further information.
acquisition and integration costs on december 1, 2023, we acquired an ammonia production facility located in waggaman, louisiana, as described above under "acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility." in 2023, we incurred $39 million of acquisition and integration costs related to the waggaman acquisition.
unrealized gain on embedded derivative liability under the terms of our strategic venture with chs, if our credit rating as determined by two of three specified credit rating agencies is below certain levels, we are required to make a non-refundable yearly payment of $5 million to chs until the earlier of the date that our credit rating is upgraded to above such levels by two of the three specified credit rating agencies or february 1, 2026. this obligation is recorded at fair value and has been recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as an embedded derivative. beginning in 2016, our credit ratings were below such levels and, as a result, under the terms of the strategic venture, we made an annual payment of $5 million to chs in the fourth quarter of each year from 2016 through 2021. our credit rating was upgraded above certain levels in july 2022 by one of the specified credit rating agencies and in october 2022 by another one of the specified credit rating agencies. as a result of these upgrades, in the fourth quarter of 2022, there was a reduction in the fair value of the embedded derivative liability, and we recognized an unrealized gain of $14 million.
impairment of equity method investment in plnl plnl, our joint venture in trinidad, operates an ammonia plant that relies on natural gas supplied, under a gas sales contract (the ngc contract), by the national gas company of trinidad and tobago limited (ngc). the ngc contract had an expiration date of september 2023. in the third quarter of 2023, plnl entered into a new gas sales contract with ngc (the new ngc contract), which is effective october 2023 through december 2025.
in the third quarter of 2023 and due to the terms of the new ngc contract, we assessed our investment in plnl for impairment and determined that the carrying value of our equity method investment in plnl exceeded its fair value. as a result, we recorded an impairment of our equity method investment in plnl of $43 million, which is reflected in equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliate in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2023.
pension settlement loss and curtailment gains-net on july 15, 2022, we entered into an agreement with an insurance company to purchase a non-participating group annuity contract and transfer approximately $375 million of our primary u.s. defined benefit pension plan's projected benefit obligation. the transaction closed on july 22, 2022 and was funded with plan assets. under the transaction, the insurance company assumed responsibility for pension benefits and annuity administration for approximately 4,000 retirees or their beneficiaries. as a result of this transaction, in the third quarter of 2022, we remeasured the plan's projected benefit obligation and plan assets, and we recognized a non-cash pre-tax pension settlement loss of $24 million, reflecting the unamortized net unrecognized postretirement benefit costs related to the settled obligations, with a corresponding offset to accumulated other comprehensive loss. in the fourth quarter of 2022, the final settlement of the non-participating group annuity contract resulted in a refund of $4 million to us, which decreased the non-cash pre-tax pension settlement loss recognized by $3 million to $21 million. the settlement loss is reflected in other non-operating-net in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022.
cf industries holdings, inc.
in october 2022, we remeasured certain of our u.s. and canadian defined benefit pension plans due to plan amendments resulting from a revision to our north american retirement plan strategy. as a result of these plan amendments, we recognized $4 million of curtailment gains, which is reflected in other non-operating-net in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022. see note 13-pension and other postretirement benefits for further information.
canada revenue agency competent authority matter in 2016, the canada revenue agency (cra) and alberta tax and revenue administration (alberta tra) issued notices of reassessment for tax years 2006 through 2009 to one of our canadian subsidiaries asserting a disallowance of certain patronage deductions. we filed notices of objection with respect to the notices of reassessment with the cra and alberta tra and posted letters of credit in lieu of paying the additional tax liability assessed. the letters of credit served as security until the matter was resolved. in 2018, the matter, including the related transfer pricing topic regarding the allocation of profits between canada and the united states, was accepted for consideration under the bilateral settlement provisions of the u.s.-canada tax treaty (the treaty) by the united states and canadian competent authorities, and included tax years 2006 through 2011. in the second quarter of 2021, the company submitted the transfer pricing aspect of the matter into the arbitration process under the terms of the treaty.
in february 2022, we were informed that a decision was reached by the arbitration panel for tax years 2006 through 2011. in march 2022, we received further details of the results of the arbitration proceedings and the settlement provisions between the united states and canadian competent authorities, and we accepted the decision of the arbitration panel. under the terms of the arbitration decision, additional income for tax years 2006 through 2011 was subject to tax in canada, resulting in our having additional canadian tax liability for those tax years. see note 12-income taxes for additional information.
in 2022, as a result of the impact of these events on our canadian and u.s. federal and state income taxes, we recognized an income tax provision of $78 million, reflecting the net impact of $129 million of accrued income taxes payable to canada for tax years 2006 through 2011, partially offset by net income tax receivables of approximately $51 million in the united states, and we accrued net interest of $102 million, primarily reflecting the estimated interest payable to canada.
transfer pricing positions as a result of the outcome of the arbitration decision discussed above, we also evaluated our transfer pricing positions between canada and the united states for open years 2012 and after. based on this evaluation, we recorded the following in 2022:
•liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $159 million, with a corresponding income tax provision, and accrued interest of $59 million related to the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, and
•noncurrent income tax receivables of $188 million, with a corresponding income tax benefit, and accrued interest income of $20 million related to the noncurrent income tax receivables.
in 2022, the impact of these evaluations of transfer pricing positions on our consolidated statement of operations, including $21 million of net deferred income tax provision for other transfer pricing tax effects, was $8 million of income tax benefit and $39 million of net interest expense before tax ($44 million after tax).
loss on debt extinguishment on april 21, 2022, we redeemed in full all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 3.450% senior notes due june 2023 (the 2023 notes) in accordance with the optional redemption provisions in the indenture governing the 2023 notes. the total aggregate redemption price paid in connection with the april 2022 redemption of the 2023 notes was $513 million, including accrued interest. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $8 million, consisting primarily of the premium paid on the redemption of the $500 million principal amount of the 2023 notes prior to their scheduled maturity.
cf industries holdings, inc.
consolidated results of operations the following table presents our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                            2022                        2021                                         2023 v. 2022                                       2022 v. 2021
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $6,631                     $11,186                      $6,538                   $(4,555)                      (41)   %               $4,648                        71   %
cost of sales (cos)                                                            4,086                       5,325                       4,151                    (1,239)                      (23)   %                1,174                        28   %
gross margin                                                                   2,545                       5,861                       2,387                    (3,316)                      (57)   %                3,474                       146   %
gross margin percentage                                                         38.4   %                    52.4   %                    36.5   %                 (14.0)   %                                           15.9   %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                     289                         290                         223                        (1)                         -   %                   67                        30   %
u.k. goodwill impairment                                                           -                           -                         285                          -                         -   %                (285)                     (100)   %
u.k. long-lived and intangible asset impairment                                    -                         239                         236                      (239)                     (100)   %                    3                         1   %
u.k. operations restructuring                                                     10                          19                           -                        (9)                      (47)   %                   19                           n/m acquisition and integration costs                                                 39                           -                           -                         39                           n/m                    -                         -   %
other operating-net                                                             (31)                          10                        (39)                       (41)                           n/m                   49                           n/m total other operating costs and expenses                                         307                         558                         705                      (251)                      (45)   %                (147)                      (21)   %
equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliate                                 (8)                          94                          47                      (102)                           n/m                   47                       100   %
operating earnings                                                             2,230                       5,397                       1,729                    (3,167)                      (59)   %                3,668                       212   %
interest expense                                                                 150                         344                         184                      (194)                      (56)   %                  160                        87   %
interest income                                                                (158)                        (65)                         (1)                       (93)                     (143)   %                 (64)                           n/m loss on debt extinguishment                                                        -                           8                          19                        (8)                     (100)   %                 (11)                      (58)   %
other non-operating-net                                                         (10)                          15                        (16)                       (25)                           n/m                   31                           n/m earnings before income taxes                                                   2,248                       5,095                       1,543                    (2,847)                      (56)   %                3,552                       230   %
income tax provision                                                             410                       1,158                         283                      (748)                      (65)   %                  875                       309   %
net earnings                                                                   1,838                       3,937                       1,260                    (2,099)                      (53)   %                2,677                       212   %
less: net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest                       313                         591                         343                      (278)                      (47)   %                  248                        72   %
net earnings attributable to common stockholders                              $1,525                      $3,346                        $917                   $(1,821)                      (54)   %               $2,429                       265   %
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders             $7.87                      $16.38                       $4.24                    $(8.51)                      (52)   %               $12.14                       286   %
diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding                             193.8                       204.2                       216.2                     (10.4)                       (5)   %               (12.0)                       (6)   %
dividends declared per common share                                            $1.60                       $1.50                       $1.20                      $0.10                         7   %                $0.30                        25   %
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful cf industries holdings, inc.
the following table presents certain supplemental data for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                       2022   2021                                                        2023 v. 2022                                     2022 v. 2021
natural gas supplemental data (per mmbtu)
natural gas costs in cos(1)                                                    $3.26                   $7.16                   $4.21                 $(3.90)                      (54)   %              $2.95                        70   %
realized derivatives loss in cos(2)                                             0.41                    0.02                       -                    0.39                           n/m               0.02                           n/m cost of natural gas used for production in cos                                 $3.67                   $7.18                   $4.21                 $(3.51)                      (49)   %              $2.97                        71   %
average daily market price of natural gas henry hub (louisiana)                $2.53                   $6.38                   $3.82                 $(3.85)                      (60)   %              $2.56                        67   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives           $(39)                     $41                     $25                   $(80)                           n/m                $16                        64   %
depreciation and amortization                                                   $869                    $850                    $888                     $19                         2   %              $(38)                       (4)   %
capital expenditures                                                            $499                    $453                    $514                     $46                        10   %              $(61)                      (12)   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                           19,130                  18,331                  18,501                     799                         4   %              (170)                       (1)   %
production volume by product tons (000s):
ammonia(3)                                                                     9,496                   9,807                   9,349                   (311)                       (3)   %                458                         5   %
granular urea                                                                  4,544                   4,561                   4,123                    (17)                         -   %                438                        11   %
uan (32%)                                                                      6,852                   6,706                   6,763                     146                         2   %               (57)                       (1)   %
an                                                                             1,520                   1,517                   1,646                       3                         -   %              (129)                       (8)   %
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)includes the cost of natural gas and related transportation that is included in cost of sales during the period under the first-in, first-out inventory cost method.
(2)includes realized gains and losses on natural gas derivatives settled during the period. excludes unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on natural gas derivatives.
(3)gross ammonia production, including amounts subsequently upgraded on-site into granular urea, uan, or an.
the following is a discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. for a discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2022 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 23, 2023.
net sales our net sales are derived primarily from the sale of nitrogen products and are determined by the quantities of nitrogen products we sell and the selling prices we realize. the volumes, mix and selling prices we realize are determined to a great extent by a combination of global and regional supply and demand factors. net sales also include shipping and handling costs that are billed to our customers. sales incentives are reported as a reduction in net sales.
our net sales decreased $4.56 billion, or 41%, to $6.63 billion in 2023 compared to $11.19 billion in 2022. the decrease in our net sales reflects (i) the impact of the waggaman acquisition, which is included in our operating results since the acquisition on december 1, 2023, and increased our net sales by $28 million, and (ii) a $4.58 billion, or 41%, decline in our net sales excluding the impact of the waggaman acquisition, due to a 43% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 4% increase in sales volume.
our average selling price was $347 per ton in 2023 compared to $610 per ton in 2022, a decrease of 43%, due to lower average selling prices across all of our segments, as lower global energy costs reduced the global market clearing price required to meet global demand. the impact of lower average selling prices was a decrease in net sales of approximately $4.98 billion for 2023 compared to 2022.
our sales volume of 19.1 million product tons in 2023 was 4% higher compared to 18.3 million product tons in 2022, due primarily to higher sales volume in our uan, ammonia and other segments. the impact of the waggaman acquisition increased our ammonia sales volume by 57,000 tons.
cf industries holdings, inc.
gross ammonia production for 2023 decreased to approximately 9.5 million tons compared to 9.8 million tons in 2022, due primarily to our billingham ammonia plant, which was idled in late 2022 and permanently closed in 2023. we expect gross ammonia production for 2024 will be approximately 10 million tons. the expected increase in gross ammonia production for 2024 compared to 2023 reflects the inclusion of the waggaman facility, which we acquired on december 1, 2023.
cost of sales our cost of sales includes manufacturing costs, purchased product costs, distribution costs and storage costs. manufacturing costs, the most significant element of cost of sales, consist primarily of raw materials, realized and unrealized gains and losses on natural gas derivatives, maintenance, direct labor, depreciation and other plant overhead expenses. purchased product costs primarily include the cost to purchase nitrogen fertilizers to augment or replace production at our facilities. distribution costs consist of the cost of freight required to transport finished products from our plants to our distribution facilities, which are recognized in cost of sales when the product is sold to our customers. storage costs consist of costs incurred prior to final shipment to customers.
our cost of sales decreased $1.24 billion, or 23%, to $4.09 billion in 2023 as compared to $5.33 billion in 2022. the decrease in our cost of sales reflects (i) the impact of the waggaman acquisition, which increased our cost of sales by $14 million, (ii) lower costs for natural gas including the impact of realized derivatives, excluding the impact of the waggaman acquisition, which decreased cost of sales by $1.16 billion, and (iii) lower costs for ammonia purchased from plnl, our joint venture in trinidad. lower natural gas costs include the benefit of ceasing ammonia production in the united kingdom and the corresponding reduction in natural gas purchases. for our u.k. operations, the decrease in our cost of sales from lower natural gas costs was partially offset by the cost to import ammonia for upgrading into an and other nitrogen products.
cost of sales also includes the impact of a $39 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2023 compared to a $41 million loss in 2022.
cost of sales averaged $214 per ton in 2023, a 26% decrease from $290 per ton in 2022. our cost of natural gas, including the impact of realized derivatives, decreased 49% to $3.67 per mmbtu in 2023 from $7.18 per mmbtu in 2022.
selling, general and administrative expenses our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of corporate office expenses such as salaries and other payroll-related costs for our executive, administrative, legal, financial, it, and sales functions, as well as certain taxes and insurance and other professional service fees, including those for corporate initiatives, and amortization of definite-lived intangible assets.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $289 million in 2023 as compared to $290 million in 2022. the decrease was due primarily to charitable contributions in 2022 for the initial funding of the cf industries foundation formed in december 2022 that did not recur in 2023, partially offset by higher costs related to certain corporate initiatives, including higher amortization due to our recently implemented enterprise resource planning (erp) system.
u.k. operations in 2023, related to our u.k. operations, we recognized total charges of $10 million, consisting primarily of the recognition of an asset retirement obligation and post-employment benefits related to contractual and statutory obligations due to employees as a result of our approved plan to permanently close the ammonia plant at our billingham complex.
in 2022, related to our u.k. operations, we recognized total charges of $258 million, consisting of $239 million of asset impairment charges primarily related to property, plant and equipment at our billingham and ince facilities and definite-lived intangible assets and $19 million of restructuring charges primarily related to post-employment benefits related to contractual and statutory obligations and one-time termination benefits. see note 7-united kingdom operations restructuring and impairment charges for further information.
acquisition and integration costs on december 1, 2023, we acquired an ammonia production facility located in waggaman, louisiana, as described above under "acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility." in 2023, we incurred $39 million of acquisition and integration costs related to the waggaman acquisition.
cf industries holdings, inc.
other operating-net other operating-net includes administrative costs that do not relate directly to our central operations. costs included in "other operating costs" can include foreign currency transaction gains and losses, unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency derivatives, litigation expenses, gains and losses on the disposal of fixed assets and feed study costs related to our clean energy initiatives.
other operating-net was $31 million of income in 2023 compared to $10 million of expense in 2022. the income in 2023 consists primarily of gains on sales of emission credits, partially offset by feed study costs for our clean energy initiatives. see "our strategy," above, for additional information related to our clean energy initiatives.
the expense in 2022 primarily includes a loss on foreign currency transactions of $28 million, which consists of foreign currency exchange rate impacts on foreign currency denominated transactions, including the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on intercompany loans that were not permanently invested. the loss on foreign currency transactions in 2022 was partially offset by an unrealized gain of $14 million related to an embedded derivative liability. see "items affecting comparability of results-unrealized gain on embedded derivative liability," above, for further information.
equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliate equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliate consists of our 50% ownership interest in plnl. we include our share of the net earnings from our equity method investment in plnl as an element of earnings from operations because this investment provides additional production and is integrated with our other supply chain and sales activities.
equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliate was an $8 million loss in 2023 compared to $94 million of earnings in 2022. the $8 million loss in 2023 includes an impairment of our equity method investment in plnl of $43 million recognized in the third quarter of 2023. see "items affecting comparability of results-impairment of equity method investment in plnl," above, for further discussion. lower equity in earnings of operating affiliate also reflects a decrease in the operating results of plnl as a result of lower ammonia selling prices, partially offset by lower natural gas costs.
interest expense interest expense includes interest on our long-term debt, amortization of the related fees required to execute financing agreements, annual fees pursuant to our revolving credit agreement and interest on tax liabilities. capitalized interest relating to the construction of major capital projects reduces interest expense as the interest is capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the related assets.
interest expense was $150 million in 2023 compared to $344 million in 2022. the decrease of $194 million was due primarily to $184 million of tax-related interest expense recorded in 2022, including $170 million of interest expense related to income tax matters described under "items affecting comparability of results-canada revenue agency competent authority matter" and "items affecting comparability of results-transfer pricing positions," above. the decrease in interest expense was also due in part to lower interest expense on borrowings due to the redemption in full of all of the $500 million principal amount of the 2023 notes in april 2022 prior to their scheduled maturity.
interest income interest income includes amounts earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and investments and any interest earned related to income tax refunds.
interest income was $158 million in 2023 compared to $65 million in 2022. the increase of $93 million reflects a $102 million increase in interest income on short-term investments in 2023 due primarily to higher interest rates. partially offsetting this effect of higher interest rates was interest income recorded in 2022 that did not recur in 2023, which was related to income tax matters described under "items affecting comparability of results-canada revenue agency competent authority matter" and "items affecting comparability of results-transfer pricing positions," above.
loss on debt extinguishment loss on debt extinguishment of $8 million in 2022 is described under "items affecting comparability of results-loss on debt extinguishment," above.
cf industries holdings, inc.
other non-operating-net other non-operating-net was $10 million of income in 2023 compared to $15 million of expense in 2022. the variance was due primarily to the impact of defined benefit pension plan transactions in 2022, including a pension settlement loss of $21 million and curtailment gains of $4 million, which are described under "items affecting comparability of results-pension settlement loss and curtailment gains-net," above.
income tax provision our income tax provision for 2023 was $410 million on pre-tax income of $2.25 billion, or an effective tax rate of 18.3%, compared to an income tax provision of $1.16 billion on pre-tax income of $5.10 billion, or an effective tax rate of 22.7%, in 2022.
our effective tax rate is impacted by earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest in cfn, as our consolidated income tax provision does not include a tax provision on the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest. our effective tax rate for 2023 of 18.3%, which is based on pre-tax income of $2.25 billion, would be 2.9 percentage points higher, or 21.2%, if based on pre-tax income exclusive of the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest of $313 million. our effective tax rate for 2022 of 22.7%, which is based on pre-tax income of $5.10 billion, would be 3.0 percentage points higher, or 25.7%, if based on pre-tax income exclusive of the earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest of $591 million.
for 2022, our income tax provision includes $22 million of income tax expense to record a valuation allowance in the united kingdom, $23 million of income tax benefit for the excess tax benefit related to certain share-based compensation activity and $78 million of income tax provision related to the canada revenue agency competent authority matter, which is described above under "items affecting comparability of results."
both 2023 and 2022 were impacted by additional discrete tax items. see note 12-income taxes for additional information.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest includes the net earnings attributable to the approximately 11% chs minority equity interest in cfn, a subsidiary of cf holdings.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest decreased $278 million, or 47%, to $313 million in 2023 compared to $591 million in 2022 due to lower earnings of cfn driven by lower average selling prices as described above under "net sales."
diluted net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders decreased 52% to $7.87 per diluted share in 2023 from $16.38 per diluted share in 2022. this decrease was due primarily to a decrease in gross margin, driven by lower average selling prices, partially offset by lower costs for natural gas. lower gross margin was partially offset by a decrease in the income tax provision resulting from lower profitability, a decrease in interest expense due primarily to interest expense on tax liabilities in 2022 related to canadian-u.s. transfer pricing matters that did not recur in 2023, a decrease in net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest of $278 million, and pre-tax impairment and restructuring charges related to our u.k. operations of $258 million in 2022 compared to $10 million in 2023. additionally, diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding declined 5% from 204.2 million shares for 2022 to 193.8 million shares for 2023, due primarily to repurchases of common shares under our share repurchase programs.
cf industries holdings, inc.
operating results by business segment our reportable segment structure reflects how our chief operating decision maker, as defined in accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (u.s. gaap), assesses the performance of our reportable segments and makes decisions about resource allocation. these segments are differentiated by products. our management uses gross margin to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. total other operating costs and expenses (consisting primarily of selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating-net) and non-operating expenses (consisting primarily of interest and income taxes), are centrally managed and are not included in the measurement of segment profitability reviewed by management. the following table presents summary operating results by business segment:
ammonia(1)                 granular urea(2)                    uan(2)                  an(2)                other(2)                  consolidated
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2023
net sales                              $1,679                         $1,823                       $2,068                    $497                   $564                      $6,631
cost of sales                           1,138                          1,010                        1,251                     359                    328                       4,086
gross margin                             $541                           $813                         $817                    $138                   $236                      $2,545
gross margin percentage                  32.2     %                     44.6       %                 39.5    %               27.8   %               41.8    %                   38.4      %
year ended december 31, 2022
net sales                              $3,090                         $2,892                       $3,572                    $845                   $787                     $11,186
cost of sales                           1,491                          1,328                        1,489                     597                    420                       5,325
gross margin                           $1,599                         $1,564                       $2,083                    $248                   $367                      $5,861
gross margin percentage                  51.7     %                     54.1       %                 58.3    %               29.3   %               46.6    %                   52.4      %
year ended december 31, 2021
net sales                              $1,787                         $1,880                       $1,788                    $510                   $573                      $6,538
cost of sales                           1,162                            992                        1,119                     475                    403                       4,151
gross margin                             $625                           $888                         $669                     $35                   $170                      $2,387
gross margin percentage                  35.0     %                     47.2       %                 37.4    %                6.9   %               29.7    %                   36.5      %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)the financial results of the waggaman facility are included in the ammonia segment from the waggaman acquisition date of december 1, 2023. see "acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility" for additional information.
(2)the cost of the products that are upgraded into other products is transferred at cost into the upgraded product results.
the following is a discussion and analysis of our operating results by business segment for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. for a discussion and analysis of our operating results by business segment for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2022 annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 23, 2023.
cf industries holdings, inc.
ammonia segment our ammonia segment produces anhydrous ammonia (ammonia), which is the base product that we manufacture, containing 82% nitrogen and 18% hydrogen. the results of our ammonia segment consist of sales of ammonia to external customers for its nitrogen content as a fertilizer, in emissions control and in other industrial applications. in addition, we upgrade ammonia into other nitrogen products such as granular urea, uan and an.
the following table presents summary operating data for our ammonia segment:
year ended december 31,
2023(1)   2022                     2021                              2023 v. 2022                                                                    2022 v. 2021
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $1,679                    $3,090                   $1,787                $(1,411)                         (46)   %               $1,303                        73   %
cost of sales                                                                  1,138                     1,491                    1,162                (353)                            (24)   %                  329                        28   %
gross margin                                                                    $541                    $1,599                     $625                $(1,058)                         (66)   %                 $974                       156   %
gross margin percentage                                                         32.2    %   51.7                 %   35.0                 %            (19.5)        %                                           16.7   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                            3,546                     3,300                    3,589       246                                          7   %                (289)                       (8)   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(2)                                        2,908                     2,707                    2,944       201                                          7   %                (237)                       (8)   %
average selling price per product ton                                           $473                      $936                     $498                $(463)                           (49)   %                 $438                        88   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(2)                                       $577                    $1,141                     $607                $(564)                           (49)   %                 $534                        88   %
gross margin per product ton                                                    $153                      $485                     $174                $(332)                           (68)   %                 $311                       179   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(2)                                                $186                      $591                     $212                $(405)                           (69)   %                 $379                       179   %
depreciation and amortization                                                   $171                      $166                     $209                $5                                  3   %                $(43)                      (21)   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives           $(11)                       $13                       $7                $(24)                                 n/m                   $6                        86   %
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)the financial results of the waggaman facility are included in the ammonia segment from the waggaman acquisition date of december 1, 2023. see "acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility" for additional information.
(2)ammonia represents 82% nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
net sales. net sales in our ammonia segment decreased by $1.41 billion, or 46%, to $1.68 billion in 2023 from $3.09 billion in 2022. the decrease in our net sales reflects (i) the impact of the waggaman acquisition completed on december 1, 2023, which increased net sales by $28 million, and (ii) a $1.44 billion, or 47%, decline in our net sales excluding the impact of the waggaman acquisition, due to a 49% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 6% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $473 per ton in 2023 compared to $936 per ton in 2022 as lower global energy costs reduced the global market clearing price required to meet global demand. sales volume was higher in 2023 due primarily to higher supply availability resulting from higher beginning inventory.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our ammonia segment averaged $320 per ton in 2023, a 29% decrease from $451 per ton in 2022. the decrease was due primarily to lower realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, and a lower cost per ton for ammonia purchased from plnl, our joint venture in trinidad. the impact of the waggaman acquisition on our cost of sales per ton in our ammonia segment was not material.
gross margin.  gross margin in our ammonia segment decreased by $1.06 billion to $541 million in 2023 from $1.60 billion in 2022, and our gross margin percentage was 32.2% in 2023 compared to 51.7% in 2022. these results reflect (i) the impact of the waggaman acquisition completed on december 1, 2023, which increased gross margin by $14 million, and (ii) a decrease in gross margin of $1.07 billion excluding the impact of the waggaman acquisition, due primarily to a 49% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by $1.60 billion. the decrease in average selling prices was partially offset by a decrease in realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, which increased gross margin by $293 million, a net decrease in manufacturing, maintenance and other costs, which increased gross margin by $167 million, and a 6% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $40 million. gross margin also includes the impact of an $11 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2023 compared to a $13 million loss in 2022.
cf industries holdings, inc.
granular urea segment our granular urea segment produces granular urea, which contains 46% nitrogen. produced from ammonia and carbon dioxide, it has the highest nitrogen content of any of our solid nitrogen fertilizers. granular urea is produced at our donaldsonville, port neal and medicine hat complexes.
the following table presents summary operating data for our granular urea segment:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                       2022                                       2021            2023 v. 2022                                                                  2022 v. 2021
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $1,823                   $2,892                   $1,880                $(1,069)                         (37)   %               $1,012                      54   %
cost of sales                                                                  1,010                    1,328                      992                (318)                            (24)   %                  336                      34   %
gross margin                                                                    $813                   $1,564                     $888                $(751)                           (48)   %                 $676                      76   %
gross margin percentage                                                         44.6   %   54.1                 %                 47.2   %            (9.5)         %                                            6.9   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                            4,570                    4,572                    4,290                (2)                                 -   %                  282                       7   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                        2,102                    2,103                    1,973                (1)                                 -   %                  130                       7   %
average selling price per product ton                                           $399                     $633                     $438                $(234)                           (37)   %                 $195                      45   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                       $867                   $1,375                     $953                $(508)                           (37)   %                 $422                      44   %
gross margin per product ton                                                    $178                     $342                     $207                $(164)                           (48)   %                 $135                      65   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                                $387                     $744                     $450                $(357)                           (48)   %                 $294                      65   %
depreciation and amortization                                                   $285                     $272                     $235                $13               5                     %                  $37                      16   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives           $(11)                      $13                       $6                $(24)                                 n/m                   $7                     117   %
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)granular urea represents 46% nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
net sales. net sales in our granular urea segment decreased $1.07 billion, or 37%, to $1.82 billion in 2023 compared to $2.89 billion in 2022 due primarily to a 37% decrease in average selling prices. average selling prices decreased to $399 per ton in 2023 compared to $633 per ton in 2022 as lower global energy costs reduced the global market clearing price required to meet global demand.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our granular urea segment averaged $221 per ton in 2023, a 24% decrease from $291 per ton in 2022, due primarily to lower realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives.
gross margin.  gross margin in our granular urea segment decreased by $751 million to $813 million in 2023 from $1.56 billion in 2022, and our gross margin percentage was 44.6% in 2023 compared to 54.1% in 2022. the decrease in gross margin was driven by a 37% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by approximately $1.10 billion, and a net increase in manufacturing, maintenance and other costs, which decreased gross margin by $3 million. these factors that decreased gross margin were partially offset by lower realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, which increased gross margin by $262 million, and the impact of changes in sales volume and mix, which increased gross margin by $68 million. gross margin also includes the impact of an $11 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2023 compared to a $13 million loss in 2022.
cf industries holdings, inc.
uan segment our uan segment produces urea ammonium nitrate solution (uan). uan, a liquid fertilizer product with a nitrogen content that typically ranges from 28% to 32%, is produced by combining urea and ammonium nitrate. uan is produced at our courtright, donaldsonville, port neal, verdigris, woodward, and yazoo city complexes.
the following table presents summary operating data for our uan segment:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                       2022                     2021                              2023 v. 2022                                                                  2022 v. 2021
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $2,068                   $3,572                   $1,788                $(1,504)                         (42)   %               $1,784                     100   %
cost of sales                                                                  1,251                    1,489                    1,119                (238)                            (16)   %                  370                      33   %
gross margin                                                                    $817                   $2,083                     $669                $(1,266)                         (61)   %               $1,414                     211   %
gross margin percentage                                                         39.5   %   58.3                 %   37.4                 %            (18.8)        %                                           20.9   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                            7,237                    6,788                    6,584       449                                          7   %                  204                       3   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                        2,283                    2,148                    2,075       135                                          6   %                   73                       4   %
average selling price per product ton                                           $286                     $526                     $272                $(240)                           (46)   %                 $254                      93   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                       $906                   $1,663                     $862                $(757)                           (46)   %                 $801                      93   %
gross margin per product ton                                                    $113                     $307                     $102                $(194)                           (63)   %                 $205                     201   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                                $358                     $970                     $322                $(612)                           (63)   %                 $648                     201   %
depreciation and amortization                                                   $288                     $269                     $259                $19                                 7   %                  $10                       4   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives           $(11)                      $14                       $5                $(25)                                 n/m                   $9                     180   %
______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)uan represents between 28% and 32% of nitrogen content, depending on the concentration specified by the customer. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
net sales. net sales in our uan segment decreased $1.50 billion, or 42%, to $2.07 billion in 2023 compared to $3.57 billion in 2022 due primarily to a 46% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 7% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $286 per ton in 2023 compared to $526 per ton in 2022 due primarily to lower global energy costs reducing the global market clearing price required to meet global demand and an increase in imports of russian uan into the united states. the increase in sales volume was due primarily to strong customer participation in our post-application season sales program as well as higher supply availability resulting from higher production.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our uan segment averaged $173 per ton in 2023, a 21% decrease from $219 per ton in 2022, due primarily to the impact of lower realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives.
gross margin.  gross margin in our uan segment decreased by $1.27 billion to $817 million in 2023 from $2.08 billion in 2022, and our gross margin percentage was 39.5% in 2023 compared to 58.3% in 2022. the decrease in gross margin was due primarily to a 46% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by $1.73 billion. this decrease in gross margin was partially offset by lower realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, which increased gross margin by $287 million, a 7% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $146 million and a net decrease in manufacturing, maintenance and other costs, which increased gross margin by $10 million. gross margin also includes the impact of an $11 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2023 compared to a $14 million loss in 2022.
cf industries holdings, inc.
an segment our an segment produces ammonium nitrate (an). an, which has a nitrogen content between 29% and 35%, is produced by combining anhydrous ammonia and nitric acid. an is used as nitrogen fertilizer and is also used by industrial customers for commercial explosives and blasting systems. an is produced at our yazoo city and billingham complexes.
the following table presents summary operating data for our an segment:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                       2022                   2021            2023 v. 2022                                                                2022 v. 2021
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                     $497                     $845                   $510                $(348)                         (41)   %               $335                        66   %
cost of sales                                                                  359                      597                    475                (238)                          (40)   %   122                                     26   %
gross margin                                                                  $138                     $248                    $35                $(110)                         (44)   %               $213                           n/m gross margin percentage                                                       27.8   %                 29.3   %                6.9   %            (1.5)       %                             22.4               %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                          1,571                    1,594                  1,720                (23)                            (1)   %              (126)                       (7)   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                        538                      545                    582                (7)                             (1)   %               (37)                       (6)   %
average selling price per product ton                                         $316                     $530                   $297                $(214)                         (40)   %               $233                        78   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                     $924                   $1,550                   $876                $(626)                         (40)   %               $674                        77   %
gross margin per product ton                                                   $88                     $156                    $20                $(68)                          (44)   %               $136                           n/m gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                              $257                     $455                    $60                $(198)                         (44)   %               $395                           n/m depreciation and amortization                                                  $48                      $61                    $77                $(13)                          (21)   %              $(16)                      (21)   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives          $(2)                     $(2)                     $4                $-                                -   %               $(6)                           n/m
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)an represents between 29% and 35% of nitrogen content. nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
in september 2022, as a result of extremely high and volatile natural gas prices and the lack of a corresponding increase in global nitrogen product market prices, we idled ammonia production at our billingham complex. since that time, we have imported ammonia for upgrade at our billingham complex into an and other nitrogen products, which are included in our other segment. in the third quarter of 2023, we approved our plan to permanently close the ammonia plant at our billingham complex.
net sales. net sales in our an segment decreased $348 million, or 41%, to $497 million in 2023 from $845 million in 2022 due primarily to a 40% decrease in average selling prices. average selling prices decreased to $316 per ton in 2023 compared to $530 per ton in 2022 as lower global energy costs reduced the global market clearing price required to meet global demand.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our an segment averaged $228 per ton in 2023, a 39% decrease from $374 per ton in 2022. the decrease was due primarily to lower production costs for our billingham complex in 2023, as purchased ammonia was used for upgrading into an as compared to the higher-cost natural gas used to produce ammonia to upgrade into an in 2022. in addition, the decrease in cost of sales per ton reflects lower realized natural gas costs in north america in 2023 compared to 2022.
gross margin.  gross margin in our an segment decreased by $110 million to $138 million in 2023 from $248 million in 2022, and our gross margin percentage was 27.8% in 2023 compared to 29.3% in 2022. the decrease in gross margin reflects the following:
•a 40% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by $286 million, and a 1% decrease in sales volume, which decreased gross margin by $10 million; and
•a decrease in realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, which increased gross margin by $207 million, due primarily to the closure of the ammonia plant at our billingham complex, partially offset by a net increase of $21 million in manufacturing, maintenance and other costs, driven by the cost for purchased ammonia for upgrade at our billingham complex.
cf industries holdings, inc.
other segment our other segment primarily includes the following products:
•diesel exhaust fluid (def), an aqueous urea solution typically made with 32.5% or 50% high-purity urea and the remainder deionized water;
•urea liquor, a liquid product that we sell in concentrations of 40%, 50% and 70% urea as a chemical intermediate; and
•nitric acid, a nitrogen-based mineral acid that is used in the production of nitrate-based fertilizers, nylon precursors and other specialty chemicals.
the following table presents summary operating data for our other segment:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                         2022                     2021            2023 v. 2022                                                                2022 v. 2021
(in millions, except as noted)
net sales                                                                       $564                     $787                     $573                $(223)                         (28)   %               $214                        37   %
cost of sales                                                                    328                      420                      403                (92)                           (22)   %                 17                         4   %
gross margin                                                                    $236                     $367                     $170                $(131)                         (36)   %               $197                       116   %
gross margin percentage                                                         41.8   %                 46.6   %                 29.7   %            (4.8)       %                                         16.9   %
sales volume by product tons (000s)                                            2,206                    2,077                    2,318       129                                        6   %              (241)                      (10)   %
sales volume by nutrient tons (000s)(1)                                          434                      408                      458       26                                         6   %               (50)                      (11)   %
average selling price per product ton                                           $256                     $379                     $247                $(123)                         (32)   %               $132                        53   %
average selling price per nutrient ton(1)                                     $1,300                   $1,929                   $1,251                $(629)                         (33)   %               $678                        54   %
gross margin per product ton                                                    $107                     $177                      $73                $(70)                          (40)   %               $104                       142   %
gross margin per nutrient ton(1)                                                $544                     $900                     $371                $(356)                         (40)   %               $529                       143   %
depreciation and amortization                                                    $64                      $67                      $87                $(3)                            (4)   %              $(20)                      (23)   %
unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives            $(4)                       $3                       $3                $(7)                                n/m                 $-                         -   %
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/m-not meaningful
(1)nutrient tons represent the tons of nitrogen within the product tons.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
in june 2022, we approved and announced our proposed plan to restructure our u.k. operations, including the planned permanent closure of our ince facility. in august 2022, the final restructuring plan was approved, and decommissioning activities were initiated. we produced compound fertilizer products (npks), which are solid granular fertilizer products for which the nutrient content is a combination of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium, only at our ince facility, and closure of this facility resulted in our discontinuation of the npk product line, which was included in our other segment.
in september 2022, as a result of extremely high and volatile natural gas prices in the united kingdom and the lack of a corresponding increase in global nitrogen product market prices, we idled ammonia production at our billingham complex. since that time, we have imported ammonia for upgrade at our billingham complex into an and other nitrogen products, including nitric acid and aqua ammonia, which are included in our other segment. in the third quarter of 2023, we approved our plan to permanently close the ammonia plant at our billingham complex.
net sales. net sales in our other segment decreased $223 million, or 28%, to $564 million in 2023 from $787 million in 2022 due to a 32% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 6% increase in sales volume. average selling prices decreased to $256 per ton in 2023 compared to $379 per ton in 2022 as lower global energy costs reduced the global market clearing price required to meet global demand. the increase in sales volume was due primarily to higher def sales volume.
cost of sales. cost of sales in our other segment averaged $149 per ton in 2023, a 26% decrease from $202 per ton in 2022, due primarily to lower production costs for our billingham complex in 2023, as purchased ammonia was used for upgrading into other nitrogen products as compared to the higher-cost natural gas used to produce ammonia to upgrade into other nitrogen products in 2022. in addition, the decrease in cost of sales per ton reflects lower realized natural gas costs in north america in 2023 compared to 2022.
cf industries holdings, inc.
gross margin.  gross margin in our other segment decreased by $131 million to $236 million in 2023 from $367 million in 2022, and our gross margin percentage was 41.8% in 2023 compared to 46.6% in 2022. the decrease in gross margin reflects the following:
•a 32% decrease in average selling prices, which decreased gross margin by $263 million, partially offset by a 6% increase in sales volume, which increased gross margin by $29 million;
•a decrease in realized natural gas costs, including the impact of realized derivatives, which increased gross margin by $106 million, partially offset by a net increase of $10 million in manufacturing, maintenance and other costs, driven by the cost for purchased ammonia for upgrade at our billingham complex; and
•the impact of a $4 million unrealized net mark-to-market gain on natural gas derivatives in 2023 compared to a $3 million loss in 2022.
liquidity and capital resources our primary uses of cash are generally for operating costs, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, investments, taxes, share repurchases, and dividends. our working capital requirements are affected by several factors, including demand for our products, selling prices, raw material costs, freight costs and seasonal factors inherent in the business. we may also utilize our cash to fund acquisitions. in addition, we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, in open market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
generally, our primary source of cash is cash from operations, which includes cash generated by customer advances. we may also from time to time access the capital markets or engage in borrowings under our revolving credit agreement.
on december 1, 2023, we acquired an ammonia production facility located in waggaman, louisiana. see "acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility," below, for additional information.
as of december 31, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents balance was $2.03 billion, a decrease of $291 million from $2.32 billion at december 31, 2022. at december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all applicable covenant requirements under our revolving credit agreement and senior notes, and unused borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement was $750 million.
on january 31, 2024, our board of directors (the board) declared a quarterly dividend of $0.50 per common share, representing an increase from the quarterly dividend of $0.40 per common share that was declared and paid in the fourth quarter of 2023. the dividend will be paid on february 29, 2024 to stockholders of record as of february 15, 2024.
cash equivalents cash equivalents include highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash with original maturities of three months or less. under our short-term investment policy, we may invest our cash balances, either directly or through mutual funds, in several types of investment-grade securities, including notes and bonds issued by governmental entities or corporations. securities issued by governmental entities include those issued directly by the u.s. and canadian federal governments; those issued by state, local or other governmental entities; and those guaranteed by entities affiliated with governmental entities.
capital spending we make capital expenditures to sustain our asset base, increase our capacity or capabilities, improve plant efficiency, comply with various environmental, health and safety requirements, and invest in our clean energy strategy. capital expenditures totaled $499 million in 2023 compared to $453 million in 2022.
capital expenditures in 2024 are estimated to be in the range of $550 million. planned capital expenditures are generally subject to change due to delays in regulatory approvals or permitting, unanticipated increases in cost, changes in scope and completion time, performance of third parties, delays in the receipt of equipment, adverse weather, defects in materials and workmanship, labor or material shortages, transportation constraints, acceleration or delays in the timing of the work and other unforeseen difficulties.
cf industries holdings, inc.
acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility on december 1, 2023, we acquired an ammonia production facility located in waggaman, louisiana from dyno nobel louisiana ammonia, llc (dnla), a u.s. subsidiary of australia-based incitec pivot limited (ipl), pursuant to an asset purchase agreement with dnla and ipl. the facility has a nameplate capacity of 880,000 tons of ammonia annually.
in connection with the acquisition, we entered into a long-term ammonia offtake agreement providing for us to supply up to 200,000 tons of ammonia per year to ipl's dyno nobel, inc. subsidiary. under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, $425 million of the purchase price of $1.675 billion, subject to adjustment, was allocated by the parties to the ammonia offtake agreement. we funded the balance of the purchase price with $1.223 billion of cash on hand. the consideration transferred reflects an estimated net working capital adjustment and other adjustments to the purchase price, which is subject to further adjustment pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement. we expect any further purchase price adjustments required under the asset purchase agreement will be completed in 2024.
the financial results of the waggaman facility are included in our consolidated statement of operations and in our ammonia segment from the acquisition date of december 1, 2023. see note 6-acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility for additional information.
share repurchase programs on november 3, 2021, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $1.5 billion of cf holdings common stock through december 31, 2024 (the 2021 share repurchase program). on november 2, 2022, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $3 billion of cf holdings common stock commencing upon completion of the 2021 share repurchase program and effective through december 31, 2025 (the 2022 share repurchase program). repurchases under our share repurchase programs may be made from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, through block transactions, through accelerated share repurchase programs, or otherwise. the manner, timing and amount of repurchases will be determined by our management based on the evaluation of market conditions, stock price, and other factors. shares repurchased, including those repurchased under share repurchase programs, are retired as approved by the board.
the following table summarizes the share repurchases under the 2022 share repurchase program and 2021 share repurchase program.
2022 share repurchase program                                                        2021 share repurchase program shares                                   amounts(1)                     shares                          amounts(1)
(in millions)
shares repurchased in 2022:
first quarter                                      -                                          $-                        1.3                                $100
second quarter                                     -                                           -                        5.3                                 490
third quarter                                      -                                           -                        6.1                                 532
fourth quarter                                     -                                           -                        2.2                                 223
total shares repurchased in 2022                   -                                           -                       14.9                               1,345
shares repurchased as of december 31, 2022         -                                          $-                       14.9                              $1,345
shares repurchased in 2023:
first quarter                                      -                                          $-                        1.1                                 $75
second quarter                                     0.8                                        50                        1.2                                  80
third quarter                                      1.9                                       150                          -                                   -
fourth quarter                                     2.9                                       225                          -                                   -
total shares repurchased in 2023                   5.6                                       425                        2.3                                 155
shares repurchased as of december 31, 2023         5.6                                      $425                       17.2                              $1,500
______________________________________________________________________________
(1)as defined in the share repurchase programs, amounts reflect the price paid for the shares of common stock repurchased, excluding commissions paid to brokers and excise taxes.
in the first half of 2023, we completed the 2021 share repurchase program with the repurchase of approximately 2.3 million shares for $155 million. in 2023, we repurchased 5.6 million shares under the 2022 share repurchase program for $425 million.
cf industries holdings, inc.
government policies the policies or laws of governments around the world can result in the imposition of taxes, duties, tariffs or other restrictions or regulatory requirements on imports and exports of raw materials, finished goods or services from a particular country or region of the world. the policies and laws of governments can also impact the subsidization of natural gas prices, and subsidies or quotas applied to domestic producers or farmers. due to the critical role that fertilizers play in food production, the construction and operation of fertilizer plants often are influenced by economic, political and social objectives. additionally, the import or export of fertilizer can be subject to local taxes imposed by governments which can have the effect of either encouraging or discouraging import and export activity. the impact of changes in governmental policies or laws or the political or social objectives of a country could have a material impact on fertilizer demand and selling prices and therefore could impact our liquidity.
repatriation of foreign earnings and income taxes we have operations in canada, the united kingdom and a 50% interest in a joint venture in trinidad. historically, the estimated additional u.s. and foreign income taxes due upon repatriation of the earnings of these foreign operations to the united states were recognized in our consolidated financial statements as the earnings were recognized, unless the earnings were considered to be permanently reinvested based upon our then current plans. however, the cash payment of the income tax liabilities associated with repatriation of earnings from foreign operations occurred at the time of the repatriation. as a result, the recognition of income tax expense related to foreign earnings, as applicable, and the payment of taxes resulting from repatriation of those earnings could occur in different periods.
in light of changes made by the tax cuts and jobs act, commencing with the 2018 tax year, the united states no longer taxes earnings of foreign subsidiaries even when such earnings are earned or repatriated to the united states, unless such earnings are subject to u.s. rules on passive income or certain anti-abuse provisions. foreign subsidiary earnings may still be subject to withholding taxes when repatriated to the united states.
cash balances held by our joint venture are maintained at sufficient levels to fund local operations as accumulated earnings are repatriated from the joint venture on a periodic basis.
as of december 31, 2023, approximately $205 million of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents balance of $2.03 billion was held by our canadian and united kingdom subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2023, we recorded a deferred tax liability of $9 million on the undistributed earnings of our canadian subsidiaries for which the company does not have an indefinite reinvestment assertion. we have not provided for deferred taxes on the remainder of undistributed earnings from our foreign subsidiaries because such earnings would not give rise to additional tax liabilities upon repatriation or are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
debt revolving credit agreement on october 26, 2023, we entered into a new senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the new revolving credit agreement), which replaced our prior senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the prior revolving credit agreement) that was scheduled to mature on december 5, 2024. the prior revolving credit agreement provided for a revolving credit facility of up to $750 million and included a letter of credit sub-limit of $125 million.
the new revolving credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of up to $750 million with a maturity of october 26, 2028 and includes a letter of credit sub-limit of $125 million. borrowings under the new revolving credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases and other general corporate purposes. cf industries is the lead borrower, and cf holdings is the sole guarantor, under the new revolving credit agreement.
borrowings under the new revolving credit agreement can be denominated in u.s. dollars, canadian dollars, euros and british pounds. borrowings in u.s. dollars bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, at our option, an applicable adjusted term secured overnight financing rate or base rate plus, in either case, a specified margin. we are required to pay an undrawn commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the commitments under the new revolving credit agreement and customary letter of credit fees. the specified margin and the amount of the commitment fee depend on cf holdings' credit rating at the time.
cf industries holdings, inc.
the new revolving credit agreement contains representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including one financial covenant. the financial covenant requires that the total net leverage ratio (as defined in the new revolving credit agreement) be not greater than 3.75:1.00 (the maximum total net leverage ratio) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, provided that, if any borrower or subsidiary consummates a material acquisition during any fiscal quarter, cf industries may elect to increase the maximum total net leverage ratio to 4.25:1.00 for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters commencing with such fiscal quarter (and no further such election may be made unless and until the maximum total net leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.75:1.00 as of the end of two consecutive fiscal quarters after the end of such period).
as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all covenants under the new revolving credit agreement.
the new revolving credit agreement contains events of default (with notice requirements and cure periods, as applicable) customary for a financing of this type, including, but not limited to, non-payment of principal, interest or fees; inaccuracy of representations and warranties in any material respect; and failure to comply with specified covenants. upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the new revolving credit agreement and after any applicable cure period, subject to specified exceptions, the administrative agent may, and at the request of the requisite lenders is required to, accelerate the loans under the new revolving credit agreement or terminate the lenders' commitments under the new revolving credit agreement.
as of december 31, 2023, we had unused borrowing capacity under the new revolving credit agreement of $750 million and no outstanding letters of credit under the new revolving credit agreement. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, and during the years then ended, there were no borrowings outstanding under either the prior revolving credit agreement or the new revolving credit agreement.
letters of credit under bilateral agreement we are party to a bilateral agreement providing for the issuance of up to $425 million (reflecting an increase of $75 million in december 2023) of letters of credit. as of december 31, 2023, approximately $291 million of letters of credit were outstanding under this agreement.
senior notes long-term debt presented on our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of the following debt securities issued by cf industries:
effective interest rate                                                                        december 31, 2023                                                                        december 31, 2022
principal outstanding                         carrying amount(1)                         principal outstanding                         carrying amount(1)
(in millions)
public senior notes:
5.150% due march 2034                        5.293%                                      $750                                       $741                                          $750                                       $741
4.950% due june 2043                        5.040%                                       750                                        742                                           750                                        742
5.375% due march 2044                        5.478%                                       750                                        741                                           750                                        740
senior secured notes:
4.500% due december 2026(2)                        4.783%                                       750                                        744                                           750                                        742
total long-term debt                                                                  $3,000                                     $2,968                                        $3,000                                     $2,965
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)carrying amount is net of unamortized debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs. total unamortized debt discount was $7 million as of both december 31, 2023 and 2022, and total deferred debt issuance costs were $25 million and $28 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(2)effective august 23, 2021, these notes are no longer secured, in accordance with the terms of the applicable indenture.
cf industries holdings, inc.
public senior notes on april 21, 2022, we redeemed in full all of the $500 million outstanding principal amount of the 2023 notes in accordance with the optional redemption provisions in the indenture governing the 2023 notes. the total aggregate redemption price paid in connection with the april 2022 redemption of the 2023 notes, which was funded with cash on hand, was $513 million, including accrued interest. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $8 million, consisting primarily of the premium paid on the redemption of the $500 million principal amount of the 2023 notes prior to their scheduled maturity.
under the indentures (including the applicable supplemental indentures) governing our senior notes due 2034, 2043 and 2044 identified in the table above (the public senior notes), each series of public senior notes is guaranteed by cf holdings. interest on the public senior notes is payable semiannually, and the public senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at specified make-whole redemption prices.
the indentures governing the public senior notes contain covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of cf holdings and its subsidiaries, including cf industries, to incur liens on certain assets to secure debt, to engage in sale and leaseback transactions, to merge or consolidate with other entities and to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of cf holdings and its subsidiaries to another entity. each of the indentures governing the public senior notes provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest on the applicable public senior notes; failure to comply with other covenants or agreements under the indenture; certain defaults on other indebtedness; the failure of cf holdings' guarantee of the applicable public senior notes to be enforceable; and specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency. under each indenture governing the public senior notes, in the case of an event of default arising from one of the specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the applicable public senior notes would become due and payable immediately, and, in the case of any other event of default (other than an event of default related to cf industries' and cf holdings' reporting obligations), the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the applicable public senior notes then outstanding may declare all of such public senior notes to be due and payable immediately.
under each of the indentures governing the public senior notes, specified changes of control involving cf holdings or cf industries, when accompanied by a ratings downgrade, as defined with respect to the applicable series of public senior notes, constitute change of control repurchase events. upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event with respect to a series of public senior notes, unless cf industries has exercised its option to redeem such public senior notes, cf industries will be required to offer to repurchase them at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
senior secured notes under the terms of the indenture governing the 4.500% senior secured notes due 2026 (the 2026 notes), the 2026 notes are guaranteed by cf holdings. interest on the 2026 notes is payable semiannually, and the 2026 notes are redeemable at our option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at specified make-whole redemption prices.
under the indenture governing the 2026 notes, specified changes of control involving cf holdings or cf industries, when accompanied by a ratings downgrade, as defined with respect to the 2026 notes, constitute change of control repurchase events. upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event with respect to the 2026 notes, unless cf industries has exercised its option to redeem such notes, cf industries will be required to offer to repurchase them at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
the indenture governing the 2026 notes contains covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of cf holdings and its subsidiaries, including cf industries, to incur liens on certain assets to secure debt, to engage in sale and leaseback transactions, to merge or consolidate with other entities and to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of the assets of cf holdings and its subsidiaries to another entity. the indenture governing the 2026 notes provides for customary events of default, which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest of the 2026 notes; failure to comply with other covenants or agreements under the indenture; certain defaults on other indebtedness; the failure of cf holdings' guarantee of the 2026 notes to be enforceable; and specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency. under the indenture governing the 2026 notes, in the case of an event of default arising from one of the specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency, the 2026 notes would become due and payable immediately, and, in the case of any other event of default (other than an event of default related to cf industries' and cf holdings' reporting obligations), the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes then outstanding may declare all of such notes to be due and payable immediately.
cf industries holdings, inc.
forward sales and customer advances we offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and on delivery dates we propose. therefore, our reported fertilizer selling prices and margins may differ from market spot prices and margins available at the time of shipment.
customer advances, which typically represent a portion of the contract's value, are received shortly after the contract is executed, with any remaining unpaid amount generally being collected by the time control transfers to the customer, thereby reducing or eliminating the accounts receivable related to such sales. any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales contracts are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until control transfers and revenue is recognized. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had $130 million and $229 million, respectively, in customer advances on our consolidated balance sheets.
while customer advances are generally a significant source of liquidity, the level of forward sales contracts is affected by many factors including current market conditions, our customers' outlook of future market fundamentals and seasonality. during periods of declining prices, customers tend to delay purchasing fertilizer in anticipation that prices in the future will be lower than the current prices. if the level of sales under our forward sales programs were to decrease in the future, our cash received from customer advances would likely decrease and our accounts receivable balances would likely increase. additionally, borrowing under the new revolving credit agreement could become necessary. due to the volatility inherent in our business and changing customer expectations, we cannot estimate the amount of future forward sales activity.
under our forward sales programs, a customer may delay delivery of an order due to weather conditions or other factors. these delays generally subject the customer to potential charges for storage or may be grounds for termination of the contract by us. such a delay in scheduled shipment or termination of a forward sales contract due to a customer's inability or unwillingness to perform may negatively impact our reported sales.
natural gas natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce our nitrogen products. we use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, uan, an and other products. expenditures on natural gas are a significant portion of our production costs, representing approximately 40% of our total production costs in 2023. as a result of these factors, natural gas prices have a significant impact on our operating expenses and can thus affect our liquidity. natural gas costs in our cost of sales, including the impact of realized natural gas derivatives, decreased 49% to $3.67 per mmbtu in 2023 from $7.18 per mmbtu in 2022.
we enter into agreements for a portion of our future natural gas supply and related transportation. as of december 31, 2023, our natural gas purchase agreements have terms that range from four months to three years and a total minimum commitment of approximately $736 million, and our natural gas transportation agreements have terms that range from one to ten years and a total minimum commitment of approximately $106 million. our minimum commitments to purchase and transport natural gas are based on prevailing market-based forward prices excluding reductions for plant maintenance and turnaround activities.
most of our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located in the united states and canada. as a result, the price of natural gas in north america directly impacts a substantial portion of our operating expenses. during 2023, the daily closing price at the henry hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas pricing point in north america, reached a low of $1.72 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in june 2023 and a high of $3.81 per mmbtu on january 5, 2023. during the three-year period ended december 31, 2023, the daily closing price at the henry hub reached a low of $1.72 per mmbtu on three consecutive days in june 2023 and a high of $23.61 per mmbtu on february 18, 2021.
derivative financial instruments we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to changes in prices for natural gas that will be purchased in the future. natural gas is the largest and most volatile component of our manufacturing cost for nitrogen-based products. from time to time, we may also use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. volatility in reported quarterly earnings can result from the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments in the value of the derivatives. in 2023 and 2022, we recognized an unrealized net mark-to-market (gain) loss on natural gas derivatives of $(39) million and $41 million, respectively, which is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations.
cf industries holdings, inc.
derivatives expose us to counterparties and the risks associated with their ability to meet the terms of the contracts. for derivatives that are in net asset positions, we are exposed to credit loss from nonperformance by the counterparties. we control our credit risk through the use of multiple counterparties that are multinational commercial banks, other major financial institutions or large energy companies, and the use of international swaps and derivatives association (isda) master netting arrangements. the isda agreements are master netting arrangements commonly used for over-the-counter derivatives that mitigate exposure to counterparty credit risk, in part, by creating contractual rights of netting and setoff, the specifics of which vary from agreement to agreement.
the isda agreements for most of our derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features, such as cross default provisions. in the event of certain defaults or termination events, our counterparties may request early termination and net settlement of certain derivative trades or may require us to collateralize derivatives in a net liability position. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate fair value of the derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features in net liability positions was $34 million and $73 million, respectively, which also approximates the fair value of the assets that may be needed to settle the obligations if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered at the reporting dates.
as of december 31, 2023, our open natural gas derivative contracts consisted of natural gas fixed price swaps, basis swaps and options for 49.0 million mmbtus. as of december 31, 2022, our open natural gas derivative contracts consisted of natural gas fixed price swaps, basis swaps and options for 66.3 million mmbtus. at both december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had no cash collateral on deposit with counterparties for derivative contracts. the credit support documents executed in connection with certain of our isda agreements generally provide us and our counterparties the right to set off collateral against amounts owing under the isda agreements upon the occurrence of a default or a specified termination event.
defined benefit pension plans we contributed $44 million to our pension plans in 2023. in 2024 and 2025, we expect to contribute approximately $27 million and $11 million, respectively, to our u.k. pension plans as currently agreed with the plans' trustees.
distributions on noncontrolling interest in cfn the cfn board of managers approved semi-annual distribution payments for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, in accordance with cfn's limited liability company agreement, as follows:
approved and paid             distribution period                                     distribution amount
(in millions)
first quarter of 2024         six months ended december 31, 2023                            $144
third quarter of 2023         six months ended june 30, 2023                                 204
first quarter of 2023         six months ended december 31, 2022                             255
third quarter of 2022         six months ended june 30, 2022                                 372
first quarter of 2022         six months ended december 31, 2021                             247
third quarter of 2021         six months ended june 30, 2021                                 130
cash flows net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was $2.76 billion, a decrease of $1.10 billion compared to $3.86 billion in 2022. the decrease in cash flow from operations was due primarily to lower net earnings, partially offset by changes in net working capital. net earnings in 2023 was $1.84 billion compared to $3.94 billion in 2022. the decrease in net earnings was due primarily to a decrease in gross margin, driven by lower average selling prices, partially offset by lower natural gas costs, a lower income tax provision, lower net interest expense, a decrease in net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest, and impairment charges related to our u.k. operations in 2022 that did not recur in 2023. during 2023, net changes in working capital increased cash flow from operations by $20 million, while in 2022, net changes in working capital reduced cash flow from operations by $900 million. the difference in the impact of changes in working capital on cash flow from operations in 2023 as compared to 2022 was attributable primarily to favorable changes in 2023 as compared to 2022 in accounts receivable, inventory, customer advances and income tax liabilities.
net cash used in investing activities was $1.68 billion in 2023 compared to $440 million in 2022, or an increase of $1.24 billion. the increase was due primarily to the consideration paid of $1.223 billion for the waggaman acquisition. see "acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility," above for additional information. during 2023, capital expenditures totaled $499 million compared to $453 million in 2022.
cf industries holdings, inc.
net cash used in financing activities was $1.37 billion in 2023 compared to $2.70 billion in 2022. the decrease was due primarily to a decrease in share repurchases and lower distributions to the noncontrolling interest. in 2023, we paid $580 million for share repurchases compared to $1.35 billion for share repurchases in 2022. in 2023, distributions to the noncontrolling interest were $459 million compared to $619 million in 2022. in addition, we paid $507 million in connection with the redemption of the 2023 notes in 2022.
critical accounting estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. u.s. gaap requires that we select policies and make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. we base our estimates on historical experience, technological assessment, opinions of appropriate outside experts, and the most recent information available to us. actual results may differ from these estimates. changes in estimates that may have a material impact on our results are discussed in the context of the underlying financial statements to which they relate. the following discussion presents information about our most critical accounting estimates.
acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility on december 1, 2023, we acquired an ammonia production facility located in waggaman, louisiana from dnla, a u.s. subsidiary of australia-based ipl, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement with dnla and ipl. we accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. in connection with the acquisition, we entered into a long-term ammonia offtake agreement providing for us to supply up to 200,000 tons of ammonia per year to ipl's dyno nobel, inc. subsidiary (the supply contract). in connection with recording the acquisition, we recognized, among other items, property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets consisting primarily of customer relationships, and a supply contract liability. see note 6-acquisition of waggaman ammonia production facility for additional information.
the valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as a result of our acquisition of the waggaman ammonia production facility on december 1, 2023, requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions.
we estimated the fair value of the customer relationships of $455 million using the multi-period excess earnings method of the income approach, which incorporated the estimated future cash flows associated with the net earnings attributable to the acquired customer relationships. the estimated future cash flows were discounted to their present value using an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate from the perspective of a market participant. key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows include forecasted product selling prices, future production and sales volumes, probability of renewal, projected natural gas costs, operating rates, operating expenses, inflation, tax rates, capital spending, and contributory asset charges, among other factors. the discount rate utilized in estimating the fair value of the customer relationships was 9.0% and was derived using a capital asset pricing model and publicly available data for comparable companies to estimate the cost of equity financing. we used moody's baa corporate bonds as a benchmark to estimate the cost of debt. additional assumptions utilized in the valuation of the customer relationships included the duration of the forecasted cash flows and the tax amortization benefit, among other factors.
the terms of the supply contract were determined to be unfavorable compared to market as of the acquisition date. therefore, we estimated the fair value of the supply contract liability of $757 million using the with and without method of the income approach. this method included estimating the future cash flows by applying both a market price and the contract price in determining the respective forecasted sales. the difference in the estimated future cash flows using the resulting forecasted sales was then discounted to present value at the date of acquisition using an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate from the perspective of a market participant. key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows include forecasted product selling price, specifically the market price in excess of the contract price, future production and sales volumes, probability of renewal, and inflation, among other factors. the discount rate utilized in estimating the fair value of the supply contract liability was 6.2% and was derived based on the historical cost of our issued debt and treasury and corporate bond yields as of the acquisition date. additional assumptions utilized in the valuation of the supply contract liability included the duration of the forecasted cash flows, among other factors.
due to the inherent uncertainties involved in making estimates and assumptions, actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. of the factors discussed above, the following assumptions are more sensitive than others:
•forecasted product selling prices included in the estimated future cash flows utilized in the valuation of the customer relationships and the supply contract liability, cf industries holdings, inc.
•projected natural gas costs included in the estimated future cash flows utilized in the valuation of the customer relationships, and
•the discount rate utilized in each of these valuations to discount the cash flows in arriving at the fair values.
assuming that all other assumptions and estimates utilized in our valuation of the customer relationships and supply contract liability remain unchanged, a change in each of these inputs would have the following effect on the estimated fair value used to allocate the purchase price in the waggaman acquisition as of december 1, 2023:
increase/(decrease) in fair value customer relationships                                   supply contract liability assumption                                   (in millions)
+$5.00                        -$5.00                     +$5.00                        -$5.00
average selling price per product ton        $26                           $(25)                      $16                           $(15)
+$0.05                        -$0.05
natural gas cost per mmbtu                   $(9)                          $9                         n/a                           n/a
+50 bps                       -50 bps                    +50 bps                       -50 bps discount rate                                $(25)                         $27                        $(35)                         $38
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/a-not applicable recoverability of long-lived assets, goodwill and investment in unconsolidated affiliate we review the carrying values of our property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets, including our finite-lived intangible assets, goodwill and our investment in an unconsolidated affiliate in accordance with u.s. gaap in order to assess recoverability. factors that we must estimate when performing impairment tests include production and sales volumes, selling prices, raw material costs, operating rates, operating expenses, inflation, discount rates, exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and the impact that future market dynamics and geopolitical events could have on these factors. judgment is involved in estimating each of these factors, which include inherent uncertainties. the factors we use are consistent with those used in our internal planning process. the recoverability of the values associated with our goodwill, long-lived assets and our investment in an unconsolidated affiliate is dependent upon future operating performance of the specific businesses to which they are attributed. certain of the operating assumptions are particularly sensitive to the cyclical nature of the fertilizer business. adverse changes in demand for our products, increases in supply and the availability and costs of key raw materials could significantly affect the results of our review.
the recoverability and impairment tests of long-lived assets are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for goodwill, impairment tests are required at least annually, or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. our investment in an unconsolidated affiliate is reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. when circumstances indicate that the fair value of our investment is less than its carrying value, and the reduction in value is other than temporary, the reduction in value would be recognized immediately in earnings.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter at the reporting unit level. our evaluation generally begins with a qualitative assessment of the factors that could impact the significant inputs used to estimate fair value. if after performing the qualitative assessment, we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, then no further analysis is necessary. however, if it is unclear based on the results of the qualitative test, we perform a quantitative test, which involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. we use an income-based valuation method, determining the present value of future cash flows, to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further testing is necessary. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment would be recognized equal to the amount of the carrying value in excess of the reporting unit's fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
we review property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets at the asset group level in order to assess recoverability based on expected future undiscounted cash flows. if the sum of the expected future net undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss would be recognized. the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the long-lived assets.
cf industries holdings, inc.
plnl is our joint venture investment in trinidad and operates an ammonia plant that relies on natural gas supplied, under a gas sales contract, by the national gas company of trinidad and tobago limited (ngc). the joint venture is accounted for under the equity method. the joint venture experienced past curtailments in the supply of natural gas from ngc, which reduced the ammonia production at plnl. the prior gas sales contract had an expiration date of september 2023. in the third quarter of 2023, plnl entered into a new gas sales contract with ngc (the new ngc contract), which is effective october 2023 through december 2025. any ngc commitment to supply gas beyond december 2025 will be based on new agreements.
in the third quarter of 2023 and due to the terms of the new ngc contract, we assessed our investment in plnl for impairment and determined that the carrying value of our equity method investment in plnl exceeded its fair value. as a result, we recorded an impairment of our equity method investment in plnl of $43 million, which is reflected in equity in (loss) earnings of operating affiliate on our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2023. if ngc does not make sufficient quantities of natural gas available to plnl at prices that permit profitable operations, plnl may cease operating its facility and we would write off the remaining investment in plnl. the carrying value of our equity method investment in plnl at december 31, 2023 was $26 million.
projected benefit obligations the projected benefit obligations (pbos) for our defined benefit pension plans are affected by plan design, actuarial estimates and discount rates. key assumptions that affect our pbo are discount rates and, in addition for our united kingdom plans, inflation rates, including an adjusted u.k. retail price index (rpi).
the december 31, 2023 pbo was computed based on a weighted-average discount rate of 4.8% for our north america plans and 4.6% for our united kingdom plans, which were based on yields for high-quality (aa rated or better) fixed income debt securities that match the timing and amounts of expected benefit payments as of the measurement date of december 31, 2023. declines in comparable bond yields would increase our pbo. for our united kingdom plans, the 3.0% rpi used to calculate our pbo is developed using a u.k. government gilt prices only retail price inflation curve, which is based on the difference between yields on fixed interest government bonds and index-linked government bonds.
for north america qualified pension plans, our pbo was $292 million as of december 31, 2023, which was $21 million lower than pension plan assets. for our united kingdom pension plans, our pbo was $367 million as of december 31, 2023, which was $7 million higher than pension plan assets. the table below estimates the impact of a 50 basis point increase or decrease in the key assumptions on our december 31, 2023 pbo:
increase/(decrease) in december 31, 2023 pbo north america plans                                         united kingdom plans assumption           +50 bps                       -50 bps                       +50 bps                       -50 bps
(in millions)
discount rate        $(16)                         $18                           $(21)                         $22
rpi                  n/a                           n/a            9                                            (9)
_______________________________________________________________________________
n/a-not applicable see note 13-pension and other postretirement benefits for further discussion of our pension plans.
income taxes we are subject to the income tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which we operate, and we recognize expense, assets and liabilities based on estimates of amounts that ultimately will be determined to be taxable or deductible in tax returns filed in various jurisdictions. these tax laws are complex, and how they apply to our facts is sometimes open to interpretation. we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if sustaining those positions is more likely than not. tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold but are not highly certain are measured based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. differences in interpretation of the tax laws and regulations, including negotiations with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and resolution of disputes arising from federal, state and international tax audits, can result in differences in taxes paid, which may be higher or lower than our estimates. the judgments made at a point in time may change from previous conclusions based on the outcome of tax audits, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations, and these changes could significantly impact the provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable and the deferred tax asset and liability balances. we adjust our income tax provision in the period in which these changes occur. as of december 31, 2023, we have recorded a reserve for unrecognized tax benefits, including penalties and interest, of $273 million.
cf industries holdings, inc.
we also engage in a significant amount of cross border transactions. the taxability of cross border transactions has received an increasing level of scrutiny among regulators across the globe, including the jurisdictions in which we operate. the tax rules and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which we operate are complex, and in many cases, there is not symmetry between the rules of the various jurisdictions. as a result, there are instances where regulators within the jurisdictions involved in a cross-border transaction may reach different conclusions regarding the taxability of the transaction in their respective jurisdictions based on the same set of facts and circumstances. we work closely with regulators to reach a common understanding and conclusion regarding the taxability of cross border transactions.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3-new accounting standards for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
cf industries holdings, inc.
