item 1a. risk factors we are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in our transactions and operations and the business decisions we make. therefore, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business and design a risk management framework and associated processes to help manage these risks.
citizens financial group, inc. | 20
our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance risk taking with revenue generation and profitability. we discuss the primary risks we face and our risk management framework and associated processes and strategies in the "risk governance" section in item 7.
you should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. other factors that could affect us are discussed in the "forward-looking statements" section above. however, there may be additional risks that are not currently material or known, and factors besides those discussed below, or in this or other reports that we file or furnish with the sec, that could adversely affect us. therefore, the risks described in the risk factors below should not be considered a complete list of risks that we may encounter.
risks related to our business we may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy.
our business strategy is designed to maximize the full potential of our business and drive sustainable growth and enhanced profitability, with our success resting on our ability to distinguish ourselves. our future success and the value of our stock depends, in part, on our ability to effectively implement our business strategy, including the cost savings and efficiency components, and achieve our financial performance goals, including the anticipated benefits of the private bank start-up investment and investors acquisition. there are risks and uncertainties, many of which are not within our control, associated with each element of our strategy. if we are not able to successfully execute our business strategy, we may not achieve our financial performance goals and any shortfall may be material. see the "business strategy" section in item 1 for further information.
supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders.
our operations are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the federal banking regulators, as well as the cfpb. as part of the supervisory and examination process, if we are unsuccessful in meeting the requirements and expectations that apply to us, regulatory agencies may from time to time take supervisory actions against us that may not be publicly disclosed. such actions may include restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions or public enforcement actions, including the payment of civil money penalties, which could increase our costs and limit our ability to implement our strategic plans and expand our business, and as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1 for further information.
difficult economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
from march 2022 to july 2023, the frb raised its benchmark interest rate eleven times in response to inflationary pressures throughout the economy. financial markets remain volatile amidst the uncertainty of economic conditions, including potential recessionary conditions. changes in interest rates can affect numerous aspects of our business and may impact our future performance. also, see "changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our profitability" below for more information on the risks associated with changes in interest rates.
prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention, and negatively impacting consumer demand and client purchasing power for our products and services. if significant inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could adversely impact our earnings and capital.
any of the effects of these adverse economic conditions would likely have an adverse impact on our earnings, with the significance of the impact generally depending on the nature and severity of the economic conditions.
citizens financial group, inc. | 21
our ability to meet our obligations, and the cost of funds to do so, depend on our ability to access identified sources of liquidity at a reasonable cost.
liquidity risk is the risk arising from the inability to meet our obligations when they come due. we must maintain adequate funding to meet current and future obligations, including customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, equipment and premises leases, and other cash commitments, under both normal operating conditions and under periods of company-specific and/or market stress.
we primarily rely on customer deposits to be a relatively stable and low-cost source of funding. in addition to customer deposits, our funding sources also include our ability to securitize loans in secondary markets, raise funds in the debt and equity capital markets, pledge loans and/or securities for borrowing from the fhlb, pledge securities as collateral for borrowing under repurchase agreements, and sell afs securities.
our ability to meet our obligations and support our operations could be materially affected by a variety of conditions, including market-wide illiquidity or disruption, a loss of market or customer confidence in the financial services industry generally or in the company specifically, or reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. this could limit our ability to retain our deposits, securitize or sell assets, access the debt or equity capital markets, or otherwise borrow money at a reasonable cost. additionally, these conditions, among others, if severe enough, could create unanticipated material outflows of cash due to, among other factors, draws on unfunded commitments or deposit attrition, which could have significant adverse impact on our liquidity. further, changes to the fhlb's or the frb's underwriting guidelines for wholesale borrowings or lending policies may limit or restrict our ability to borrow, and therefore could have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity.
changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our liquidity and profitability.
changes in interest rates can have a material impact on the value of our securities, a primary objective of which is to provide a ready source of contingent liquidity. an increase in rates could lower the collateral value of these securities, reducing the amount we could borrow, and lead to losses in the event of their sale.
since our earning assets are primarily in the form of loans and debt securities, changes in interest rates can have a material impact our net interest income, net interest margin, fee income, and credit costs. changes in interest rates can affect our net interest income and margin as our asset yields and funding costs may not rise or fall in parallel, causing our net interest income to increase or decrease and our margin to expand or contract. if our funding costs rise faster than our asset yields, or if our asset yields fall faster than our funding costs, our net interest income could decrease, and our margin could contract.
an increase in interest rates could cause lower demand for loans by customers, reducing our net interest income due to lower loan balances and origination-related fee income due to lower production volume, and could also have an adverse impact on our credit costs, as borrowers may have difficulty in making higher interest payments. additionally, an increase in rates could cause recognition of losses on the debt securities in our afs portfolio if the securities needed to be sold.
similarly, a decrease in interest rates could lower our net interest income, net interest margin and fee income. we may be adversely affected by a prolonged period of low interest rates as it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and securities should rates rise rapidly after the period of low interest rates.
changes in the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates (i.e., the yield curve) can also have a material impact on our net interest income and net interest margin. typically, the yield curve is upward sloping, with short-term rates being lower than long-term rates. when the yield curve flattens or inverts, our net interest income and net interest margin may decrease if the cost of our short-term funding increases relative to the yield we can earn on our long-term assets.
interest rates and the yield curve are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the federal open market committee. although we have policies and procedures designed to manage our interest rate risks, as further discussed in the "risk governance" section in item 7, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be effective in avoiding material adverse effects on our profitability.
citizens financial group, inc. | 22
we could fail to attract, retain or motivate highly-skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management, other key employees or members of our board, which could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business.
our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly-skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management and other key employees and directors. the marketplace for skilled personnel continues to be competitive, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing and retaining skilled personnel may continue to rise. the failure to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and impair our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully and achieve our performance targets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
limitations on the manner in which regulated financial institutions, such as us, can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing the requirements of section 956 of the dodd-frank act, may make it more difficult for such institutions to compete for talent with financial institutions and other companies not subject to these or similar limitations. if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially.
a reduction in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding. rating agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. any downgrade in our ratings would likely increase our borrowing costs and could limit our access to capital markets, which would adversely affect our business. for example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect our ability to sell or market our securities, including long-term debt, engage in certain longer-term derivatives transactions and retain our customers, particularly corporate customers who may require a minimum rating threshold in order to place funds with us. in addition, under the terms of our derivatives contracts, we may be required to maintain a minimum credit rating, post additional collateral or terminate such contracts. any of these results of a ratings downgrade could increase our cost of funding, reduce our liquidity and have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for more information regarding our credit ratings, see the "liquidity" section in item 7.
our financial performance may be adversely affected by deterioration in borrower credit quality.
risks arising from actual or perceived changes in credit quality and uncertainty over the recoverability of amounts due from borrowers is inherent in our businesses. if the economic environment were to deteriorate, more of our borrowers may have difficulty in repaying their loans which could result in higher credit losses and increased loan loss provision expense. further, our credit risk and credit losses may increase to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, collateral type, borrower type, or location of the collateral or borrower.
a significant portion of our earnings assets are in the form of loans to borrowers across the u.s., primarily for residential, commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, education, auto and other retail purposes. a deterioration in economic conditions or changes in consumer or business behavior that negatively impacts home property or commercial property values could, in event of the borrower's default, result in materially higher credit losses. similarly, higher unemployment levels and higher interest rates can adversely affect our customers' ability to repay their loans, which can negatively impact our credit performance.
the credit quality of our borrowers may deteriorate for a number of reasons that are outside our control, including prevailing economic and market conditions and collateral valuations. the trends and risks affecting borrower credit quality have caused, and in the future may cause, us to experience credit losses, impairment charges, increased repurchase demands, higher recovery costs, and an inability to engage in routine funding transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
citizens financial group, inc. | 23
our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss.
our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage our risk exposure. the framework to manage risk, including the framework's underlying assumptions, may not be effective under all conditions and circumstances. if the risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
one of the main types of risks inherent in our business is credit risk. an important feature of our credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit risk control system through which we identify, measure, monitor and mitigate the existing and emerging credit risk of our customers. this process involves a detailed analysis of the customer or credit risk, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, and is inherently subject to human error. in exercising their judgment, our employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating to a customer or credit risk, which may result in our exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by our risk rating system.
in addition, we have undertaken certain actions to enhance our credit policies and guidelines to address potential risks associated with particular industries or types of customers. however, we may not be able to effectively implement these initiatives, or consistently follow and refine our credit risk management system. if any of the foregoing were to occur, it may result in an increase in the level of nonaccrual loans and a higher risk exposure for us, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition.
the fasb and sec periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the accounting for our financial results and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. these changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the recasting of our prior period financial statements.
our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models.
the processes we use to estimate loan losses, measure the fair value of financial instruments and estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations are reliant upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based on observed historical market behavior, and we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in processes such as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. poorly designed or implemented models could adversely affect our business decisions if the information is inadequate. in addition, our models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used is inaccurate, obsolete or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur. we seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not always predictive of future developments in any particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may turn out to be inappropriate for the future period being modeled. in these instances, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly greater than our models indicated, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profits. finally, information provided to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or insufficient. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our stockholders, could be adversely affected due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
citizens financial group, inc. | 24
the preparation of our financial statements requires us to make subjective determinations and use estimates that may vary from actual results and materially impact our financial condition and results of operations.
the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations and, at times, require management to exercise judgment in their application so as to report our financial condition and results of operations in the most appropriate manner. certain accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and the likelihood that materially different estimates would result under different conditions or through the utilization of different assumptions. our critical accounting estimates include the acl, estimations of fair value and review of goodwill for impairment. if our estimates are inaccurate or need to be adjusted periodically, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted. for more information regarding our use of estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, see note 1 in item 8 and the "critical accounting estimates" section in item 7.
operational risks are inherent in our businesses.
our operations depend on our ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; improper conduct or errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and business conduct rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks against us or our vendors, or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. although we implement risk controls and loss mitigation actions and devote substantial resources to developing efficient procedures, identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing procedures and training staff, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks we face. any weakness in these systems or controls, or any breaches or alleged breaches of such laws or regulations, could result in increased regulatory supervision, enforcement actions and other disciplinary action, and have an adverse impact on our business, applicable authorizations and licenses, reputation and results of operations.
the financial services industry, including the banking sector, continues to make technological enhancements to meet customer preferences, as well as meet legal and regulatory requirements, and we may not be able to compete effectively as a result of these changes.
technology within the financial services industry continues to evolve and new, unexpected technological changes could have a transformative effect on the way banks offer products and services. we believe our success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to utilize technology to offer products and services that address the needs of our customers and to create efficiencies in our operations. however, we may not be able to, among other things, keep up with the rapid pace of technological changes, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. as a result, our ability to compete effectively to attract or retain business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
in addition, changes in the legal and regulatory framework under which we operate require us to update our information systems to ensure compliance. our need to review and evaluate the impact of ongoing rule proposals, final rules and implementation guidance from regulators further complicates the development and implementation of new information systems for our business. regulatory guidance continues to be focused on the need for financial institutions to perform appropriate due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third-party vendor relationships, thus increasing the scope of management involvement and decreasing the efficiency otherwise resulting from our relationships with third-party technology providers. given the significant number of ongoing regulatory reform initiatives, it is possible that we incur higher than expected information technology costs in order to comply with current and impending regulations. also, see "supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders."
citizens financial group, inc. | 25
we are subject to a variety of cybersecurity risks that, if realized, could adversely affect how we conduct our business.
evolving technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties present a significant information security risk to large financial institutions such as us. third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and information security risks to us, including security breaches or failures of their own systems. risks related to cyber-attacks on our vendors and other third parties, including supply chain attacks affecting our software and information technology service providers, are on the rise as such attacks become more frequent and severe. employee error, failure to follow security procedures, or malfeasance also present these risks. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks as well as in the third-party computer systems and networks used to provide products and services on our behalf. although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls based on our adherence to applicable laws and regulations and industry standards, our technologies, systems, and networks may be the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, theft, sale or loss or destruction of the confidential and/or proprietary information of cfg, and our customers, vendors, counterparties, or employees. we and our third-party vendors are under continuous threat of loss or network degradation due to cyber-attacks, such as computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, ransomware, and distributed denial of service ("ddos") attacks (collectively, "fraudulent schemes"). also, our customers are routinely the target of fraudulent schemes. this is especially true as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize the internet and other remote channels to transact business. two of the most significant cyber-attack risks that we face as a result of these fraudulent schemes are potential loss of funds resulting from customers falling victim to cybercriminal communications directed to them or unauthorized access to sensitive customer data. cybercriminals can use fraudulent schemes directly targeting our customers or our own systems to compromise and directly extract funds from a customer's account or access sensitive customer data. certain technology protections such as customer profiling and step-up authentications are implemented so that we are compliant with the ffiec authentication and access to financial institution services and systems guidelines.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense, to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities internally, to assess and mitigate issues associated with customers that have fallen victim to fraudulent schemes, and perform additional due diligence with respect to our third-party vendors. system enhancements and updates may also create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. due to the complexity and interconnectedness of information technology systems, the process of enhancing our layers of defense can itself create a risk of system disruptions and security issues. in addition, addressing certain information security vulnerabilities, such as hardware-based vulnerabilities, may affect the performance of our information technology systems. the ability of our hardware and software providers to deliver patches and updates to mitigate vulnerabilities in a timely manner can introduce additional risks, particularly when a vulnerability is being actively exploited by threat actors. cyber-attacks against the patches themselves have also proven to be a significant risk that companies will have to address going forward.
despite our efforts to prevent a cyber-attack, a successful cyber-attack could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following detection, could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of information compromised. during the course of an investigation, we may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident. moreover, new regulations may require us to disclose information about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved or fully investigated.
the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other third-party users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or our systems. in the event that a cyber-attack is successful, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. for a discussion of the guidance that regulators have released regarding cybersecurity and cyber risk management standards, see the "regulation and supervision" section of item 1.
citizens financial group, inc. | 26
we rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business.
any failure, interruption or breach in the security of our communication and information systems, including due to cyber-attacks or our failure to adequately maintain and manage our systems or implement system changes and upgrades, could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. although our policies and procedures are designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be successful and that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems could require us to devote substantial resources to recovery and response efforts, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. although we maintain insurance coverage for information security events, we may incur losses as a result of such events that are not insured against or not fully covered by our insurance.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions and the provision of information technology and business process services including, but not limited to, the operation of our data communications networks, hosted services, and a wide range of other support services. the success of our business depends in part on the continuing ability of third parties to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner, which performance could be disrupted or otherwise adversely affected due to failures or other information security events originating at the third parties or at the third parties' suppliers or vendors (so-called "fourth party risk"). we may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate third or fourth-party risk, in particular as it relates to the use of common suppliers or vendors by the third parties that perform functions and services for us. if we experience a disruption in the provision of any functions or services performed by third parties, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us and in reasonable time frames. if these services are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we would not be able to adequately serve our customers. in either situation, our business could incur significant costs and be adversely affected.
we are exposed to reputational risk and the risk of damage to our brands and the brands of our affiliates.
our success and results depend on our reputation and the strength of our brands. we are vulnerable to adverse market perception as we operate in an industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. we are exposed to the risk that litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory or other investigations or actions, press speculation and negative publicity, perception of our environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures, among other factors, could damage our brands or reputation. our brands and reputation could also be harmed if we sell products or services that do not perform as expected or customers' expectations for the product are not satisfied.
unpredictable catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events and other large-scale catastrophes, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
the occurrence of catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorists attacks, extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, or tornadoes, and other large-scale catastrophes could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, and cause significant property damage or operational disruptions, resulting in loss of revenue or causing us to incur additional expenses.
furthermore, although we maintain both business continuity and disaster recovery plans, if a terrorist attack, extreme weather event, or other catastrophe rendered our production and recovery data unusable, there can be no assurance that these plans and related capabilities will adequately protect us from such events, and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
while the u.s. economy has generally recovered since the onset of the covid disruption, a resurgence of pandemic conditions could reintroduce, or intensify, these impacts and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our liquidity and capital profile.
citizens financial group, inc. | 27
the effects of geopolitical instability may adversely affect us and create significant risks and uncertainties for our business, with the ultimate impact dependent on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable.
ongoing geopolitical instability, such as the wars in ukraine and the middle east, has negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, the global and u.s. economies, including by causing supply chain disruptions, rising prices for oil and other commodities, volatility in capital markets and foreign currency exchange rates, rising interest rates and heightened cybersecurity risks. the extent to which such geopolitical instability adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our liquidity and capital profile, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including the extent and duration of the wars and the associated immeasurable humanitarian toll inflicted as a result. if geopolitical instability adversely affects us, it may also have the effect of heightening other risks related to our business.
risks related to our industry any deterioration in national economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is affected by national economic conditions, as well as perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects. changes in such economic conditions are not predictable and cannot be controlled. adverse economic conditions, such as recent inflationary pressures, could require us to charge off a higher percentage of loans and increase the provision for credit losses, which would reduce our net income and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in an industry that is highly competitive, which could result in losing business or margin declines and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in a highly competitive industry, which could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation. we face aggressive competition from other domestic and foreign lending institutions and from numerous other providers of financial services, including non-banking financial institutions that are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bhcs, securities firms and insurance companies, and competitors that may have greater financial resources.
with respect to non-banking financial institutions, technology and other changes have lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. for example, consumers can maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds. consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. in addition, the emergence, adoption and evolution of new technologies that do not require intermediation, including distributed ledgers such as digital assets and blockchain, as well as advances in robotic process automation, could significantly affect the competition for financial services. the process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as "disintermediation," could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. as a result of these and other sources of competition, we could lose business to competitors or be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients, either of which would adversely affect our profitability.
climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses and customers.
there is increasing global concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. the physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. such events could disrupt our operations or those of our clients, customers, or service providers, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility.
citizens financial group, inc. | 28
we are also exposed to risks associated with the transition to a lower-carbon economy in response to concerns around climate change. such risks may result from changes in policies, laws and regulations, technologies, or market preferences that are intended to address climate change. these changes could materially and negatively impact our or our customers' business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. this could occur as a result of our or our customers' involvement in, or decision not to participate in, certain industries or projects associated with exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations related to climate change. ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs.
the conditions of other financial institutions or of the financial services industry could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.
financial services institutions are typically interconnected as a result of trading, investment, liquidity management, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. within the financial services industry, the default by any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant market and customer perception of the risk of similar problems at other institutions. this perception of risk could, in and of itself, lead to adverse impacts on liquidity. liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other institutions, as the financial soundness of financial institutions is closely related as a result of these credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by various institutions. this systemic risk may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis, or key funding providers such as the fhlbs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to regulations governing our industry as a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
as a fhc and a bhc, we are subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the frb. in addition, cbna is subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the occ. our regulators supervise us through regular examinations and other means that allow them to gauge management's ability to identify, assess and control risk in all areas of operations in a safe and sound manner and to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. in the course of their supervision and examinations, our regulators may require improvements in various areas. we may be required to devote substantial resources to meet supervisory expectations or remediate supervisory findings. in addition, the failure to meet supervisory expectations can result in practical limitations on the ability of a bank, bhc or fhc to engage in new activities, pursue growth opportunities, engage in acquisitions, return capital to shareholders through repurchases or dividends, or continue to conduct existing activities. if we are unable to implement and maintain any required actions in a timely and effective manner, we could become subject to informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions and public enforcement orders that could lead to significant restrictions on our existing business or on our ability to engage in any new business. such forms of supervisory action could include, without limitation, written agreements, cease and desist orders, and consent orders and may, among other things, result in restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, requirements to increase capital, restrictions on our activities, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, and enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders. we could also be required to dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period. the terms of any such supervisory or enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are a bhc that has elected to become a fhc pursuant to the bank holding company act. fhcs are allowed to engage in certain financial activities in which a bhc is not otherwise permitted to engage. however, to maintain fhc status, a bhc and all of its depository institution subsidiaries must be "well capitalized" and "well managed." if a bhc ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, there are many penalties it would be faced with, including the imposition of limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities by the frb, as well as the inability to undertake any of the broader financial activities permissible for fhcs or to acquire a company engaged in such financial activities without prior approval of the frb. if a company does not return to compliance within 180 days, which period may be extended, the frb may require divestiture of the company's depository institutions. if we fail to meet fhc requirements and remediate deficiencies in a timely manner, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
citizens financial group, inc. | 29
our regulators may impose restrictions or limitations on our operations.
from time to time, bank regulatory agencies take supervisory actions that restrict or limit a financial institution's activities and lead it to raise capital or subject it to other requirements. in addition, as part of our regular examination process, our regulators may advise us to conduct significant remediation activities or operate under various restrictions as a prudential matter. any such actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could adversely affect our costs and revenues. moreover, efforts to comply with any such nonpublic supervisory actions or restrictions may require material investments in additional resources and systems, as well as a significant commitment of managerial time and attention. as a result, such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
the regulatory environment in which we operate continues to be subject to significant and evolving regulatory requirements that could have a material adverse effect on our business and earnings.
we are heavily regulated by multiple banking, consumer protection, securities and other regulatory authorities at the federal and state levels. this regulatory oversight is primarily established to protect depositors, the dif, consumers of financial products, and the financial system as a whole, not for the protection of shareholders or other investors. changes to statutes, regulations, rules or policies, including their interpretation, implementation or enforcement, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including by, for example, subjecting us to additional costs, limiting the types of financial services and other products we may offer, limiting our ability to pursue acquisitions and increasing the ability of third parties, including non-banks, to offer competing financial services and products. in recent years, we, together with the rest of the financial services industry, have faced particularly intense scrutiny, with many new regulatory initiatives and vigorous oversight and enforcement on the part of numerous regulatory and governmental authorities. legislatures and regulators have pursued a broad array of initiatives intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer and investor protection. certain regulators and law enforcement authorities have also recently required admissions of wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters brought by them against financial institutions. any such resolution of a matter involving us could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to do business or engage in certain activities and could have other negative effects. in addition, a single event or issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, including by multiple federal and state regulators and other governmental authorities.
we are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of our customers, employees, counterparties and others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with those laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and our reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase.
while there have been significant revisions to the laws and regulations applicable to us that have been finalized in recent years, there are other rules to implement changes that have yet to be proposed or enacted by our regulators. the final timing, scope and impact of these changes to the regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions remains uncertain. for more information on regulations to which we are subject and recent initiatives to reform financial institution regulation, see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1.
we are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity standards, and if we fail to meet these standards our financial condition and operations would be adversely affected.
we are subject to several capital adequacy and liquidity standards. to the extent that we are unable to meet these standards, our ability to make distributions of capital will be limited and we may be subject to additional supervisory actions and limitations on our activities. see "regulation and supervision" in item 1 and the "capital and regulatory requirements" and "liquidity" sections in item 7, for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
citizens financial group, inc. | 30
the parent company could be required to act as a "source of strength" to cbna, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
frb policy historically required bhcs to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. the dodd-frank act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. this support may be required by the frb at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it or when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of cfg or our stockholders or creditors, and may include one or more of the following:
the parent company may be compelled to contribute capital to cbna, including by engaging in a public offering to raise such capital. furthermore, any extensions of credit from the parent company to cbna that are included in cbna's capital would be subordinate in right of payment to depositors and certain other indebtedness of cbna.
in the event of a bhc's bankruptcy, any commitment that the bhc had been required to make to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment.
in the event of impairment of the capital stock of cbna, the parent company, as cbna's stockholder, could be required to pay such deficiency.
the parent company depends on cbna for substantially all of its revenue, and restrictions on dividends and other distributions by cbna could affect its liquidity and ability to fulfill our obligations.
as a bhc, the parent company is a separate and distinct legal entity from cbna, our banking subsidiary. the parent company typically receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from cbna. these dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our equity and interest and principal on our debt. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that cbna may pay to the parent company. also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. in the event cbna is unable to pay dividends to the parent company, it may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on its common stock. the inability to receive dividends from cbna could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1 and the "capital and regulatory matters" section in item 7.
from time-to-time, we may become or are subject to regulatory actions that may have a material impact on our business.
we may become or are involved, from time to time, in reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business. these regulatory actions involve accounting, compliance and operational matters, among others, some of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief that may require changes to our business or otherwise materially impact our business.
in regulatory actions, such as those referred to above, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or whether it is possible to reasonably estimate the amount of any loss. we cannot predict with certainty if, how or when such proceedings will be resolved or what the eventual fine, penalty or other relief, conditions or restrictions, if any, may be, particularly for actions that are in their early stages of investigation. we may be required to make significant restitution payments to cbna customers arising from certain compliance issues and also may be required to pay civil money penalties in connection with certain of these issues. this uncertainty makes it difficult to estimate probable losses which, in turn, can lead to substantial disparities between the reserves we may establish for such proceedings and the eventual settlements, fines, or penalties. adverse regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
citizens financial group, inc. | 31
we are and may be subject to litigation that may have a material impact on our business.
our operations are diverse and complex and we operate in legal and regulatory environments that expose us to potentially significant litigation risk. in the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a financial services institution, including with respect to alleged unfair or deceptive business practices, mis-selling of certain products, violations of contract or intellectual property rights, and other compliance or operational failures. certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. in some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or in financial distress. moreover, a number of recent judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed "lender liability." generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. this could increase the amount of private litigation to which we are subject. for more information regarding ongoing significant legal proceedings in which we may be involved, see note 19 in item 8.
compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort.
we are subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism. monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical challenges. although we believe our current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and regulations, we cannot guarantee that our anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures completely prevent situations of money laundering or terrorism financing. any such failure events may have severe consequences, including sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks related to our common stock our stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result.
you should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuation in the market value of your investment. the market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the factors described in this "risk factors" section, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. these factors include:
quarterly variations in our results of operations or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;
changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
our announcements or our competitors' announcements regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;
fluctuations in the market valuations of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;
failures of financial institutions perceived to be similar to us;
future sales of our common stock;
additions or departures of members of our senior management or other key personnel;
changes in industry conditions or perceptions; and
changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations and other dynamics.
furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market price of equity securities of many companies. these fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. these broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, systemic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, loss of investor confidence, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
if any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to securities class action litigation that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.
citizens financial group, inc. | 32
we may not repurchase shares or pay cash dividends on our common stock.
holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our board may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. also, as a bhc, our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the rules of the frb regarding capital adequacy and dividends. additionally, we are also generally required to receive the frb's approval for any dividends, share repurchases, or redemption of capital securities if we are required to resubmit our capital plan. further, if we are unable to satisfy the capital requirements applicable to us for any reason, we may be limited in our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends on our capital stock. see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1 and the "capital and regulatory matters" section in item 7 for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
"anti-takeover" provisions and the regulations to which we are subject may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial to stockholders.
we are a bhc incorporated in the state of delaware. anti-takeover provisions in delaware law and our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as regulatory approvals that would be required under federal law, could make it more difficult for a third party to take control of us and may prevent stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock. these provisions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could reduce the amount that stockholders might get if we are sold.
furthermore, banking laws impose notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an fdic-insured depository institution. these laws include the bank holding company act and the change in bank control act.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page introduction financial performance results of operations - 2023 compared with 2022
net interest income                                                   40
noninterest income                                                    42
noninterest expense provision for credit losses income tax expense                                                    43
business operating segments results of operations - 2022 compared with 2021
analysis of financial condition securities loans and leases credit quality                                                        48
deposits                                                              53
borrowed funds capital and regulatory matters liquidity                                                             58
critical accounting estimates                                         61
accounting and reporting developments risk governance market risk                                                           66
non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations                       75
citizens financial group, inc. | 37
introduction citizens financial group, inc. is one of the nation's oldest and largest financial institutions, with $222.0 billion in assets as of december 31, 2023. headquartered in providence, rhode island, we offer a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. we help our customers reach their potential by listening to them and by understanding their needs in order to offer tailored advice, ideas and solutions. in consumer banking, we provide an integrated experience that includes mobile and online banking, a full-service customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 3,200 atms and more than 1,100 branches in 14 states and the district of columbia. consumer banking products and services include a full range of banking, lending, savings, wealth management and small business offerings. in commercial banking, we offer a broad complement of financial products and solutions, including lending and leasing, deposit and treasury management services, foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity risk management solutions, as well as loan syndication, corporate finance, merger and acquisition, and debt and equity capital markets capabilities. more information is available at www.citizensbank.com.
the following md&a is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and supplemental financial information. it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8, as well as other information contained in this document.
non-gaap financial measures this document contains non-gaap financial measures denoted as "underlying" results and "including aoci impact." underlying results for any given reporting period exclude certain items that may occur in that period which management does not consider indicative of our on-going financial performance. we believe these non-gaap financial measures provide useful information to investors because they are used by management to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions. in addition, we believe our underlying results in any given reporting period reflect our on-going financial performance in that period and, accordingly, are useful to consider in addition to our gaap financial results. we further believe the presentation of underlying results increases comparability of period-to-period results.
other companies may use similarly titled non-gaap financial measures that may be calculated differently from the way we calculate such measures. accordingly, our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by such companies. we caution investors not to place undue reliance on such non-gaap financial measures, but to consider them with the most directly comparable gaap measures. non-gaap financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results reported under gaap.
non-gaap measures are denoted throughout our md&a by the use of the term "underlying." where there is a reference to these metrics in that paragraph, all measures that follow are on the same basis when applicable. for more information on the computation of non-gaap financial measures, see "non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations."
citizens financial group, inc. | 38
financial performance key highlights net income decreased $465 million, with earnings per diluted common share down $0.97 to $3.13 compared to 2022.
results reflect notable items of $357 million or $0.75 per diluted common share, net of tax benefit, compared to $352 million or $0.74 per diluted common share, net of tax benefit, in 2022.
table 1: notable items year ended december 31, 2023
less: notable items
(dollars in millions)         reported results (gaap)       integration related costs(1)        top and other(2)        fdic special assessment(3)       provision         underlying results (non-gaap)
noninterest expense           $5,507                        $104                                $177                    $225                             $-                $5,001
income tax expense            422                           (28)                                (63)                    (58)                             -           571
year ended december 31, 2022
less: notable items
(dollars in millions)                   reported results (gaap)   integration related costs(1)        top and other(2)        fdic special assessment       provision(4)             underlying results (non-gaap)
provision for credit losses                      $474             $-                                  $-                      $-                            $169                                  $305
noninterest income                              2,009             (31)                                -                       -                             -                                    2,040
noninterest expense                             4,892                               213   49                                  -                             -                                    4,630
income tax expense                                582             (58)                                (9)                     -                             (43)          692
(1) includes integration related costs associated with acquisitions for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, and mark-to-market losses on loans acquired from investors classified as lhfs for the year ended december 31, 2022.
(2) includes our top transformational and revenue and efficiency initiatives for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, a one-time deferred tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2023 and income tax impacts related to legacy tax matters for the year ended december 31, 2022.
(3) represents an industry-wide fdic special assessment. for more information, see "regulation and supervision - deposit insurance" in item 1.
(4) includes the initial provision for credit losses tied to the hsbc transaction and investors acquisition. as required by purchase accounting, a fair value mark for performing loans including both credit and interest rate components is recorded in addition to the provision for credit losses expense, thus the credit exposure has been "double counted."
net income available to common stockholders decreased $469 million to $1.5 billion compared to 2022.
on an underlying basis, which excludes notable items, net income available to common stockholders of $1.8 billion compared to $2.3 billion in 2022.
on an underlying basis, earnings per diluted common share of $3.88 compared to $4.84 in 2022.
total revenue increased $203 million to $8.2 billion compared to 2022, driven by an increase of 4% in net interest income, including the impacts of the hsbc transaction and investors acquisition.
the efficiency ratio of 67.0% compared to 61.0% in 2022.
on an underlying basis, the efficiency ratio of 60.8% compared to 57.5% in 2022.
rotce of 10.9% compared to 13.9% in 2022.
on an underlying basis, rotce of 13.5% compared to 16.4%.
tangible book value per common share of $30.91 increased 11% from 2022.
for additional information regarding our financial performance, see "results of operations - 2023 compared with 2022" included in this report.
citizens financial group, inc. | 39
results of operations - 2023 compared with 2022
net interest income net interest income is our largest source of revenue and is the difference between the interest earned on interest-earning assets (generally loans, leases and investment securities) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (generally deposits and borrowed funds). the level of net interest income is primarily a function of the difference between the effective yield on our average interest-earning assets and the effective cost of our interest-bearing liabilities. these factors are influenced by the pricing and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which, in turn, are impacted by external factors such as economic conditions, competition for loans and deposits, the monetary policy of the frb and market interest rates. for further discussion, refer to "market risk - non-trading risk" and "risk governance."
table 2: major components of net interest income year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                        2022                                                   change
(dollars in millions)                                                      averagebalances          income/expense         yields/rates                     averagebalances       income/expense         yields/rates                     averagebalances           yields/
rates (bps)
assets interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks              $8,531                    $451                  5.22      %                      $6,195                  $128                 2.04      %                      $2,336                 318   bps taxable investment securities                                               39,437                   1,162                  2.94                             35,639                   840                 2.35                              3,798                        59
non-taxable investment securities                                                2                       -                  2.68                                  3                     -                 2.33                                (1)                        35
total investment securities                                                 39,439                   1,162                  2.94                             35,642                   840                 2.35                              3,797                        59
commercial and industrial                                                   48,693                   2,956                  5.99                             50,002                 1,942                 3.83                            (1,309)                       216
commercial real estate                                                      29,206                   1,804                  6.09                             24,746                 1,026                 4.09                              4,460                       200
leases                                                                       1,305                      46                  3.53                              1,521                    46                 3.00                              (216)                        53
total commercial                                                            79,204                   4,806                  5.99                             76,269                 3,014                 3.90                              2,935                       209
residential mortgages                                                       30,660                   1,052                  3.43                             27,759                   876                 3.16                              2,901                        27
home equity                                                                 14,475                   1,092                  7.54                             13,057                   555                 4.25                              1,418                       329
automobile                                                                  10,374                     429                  4.13                             13,729                   507                 3.69                            (3,355)                        44
education                                                                   12,333                     621                  5.04                             13,047                   560                 4.29                              (714)                        75
other retail                                                                 5,171                     489                  9.46                              5,483                   456                 8.31                              (312)                       115
total retail                                                                73,013                   3,683                  5.04                             73,075                 2,954                 4.04                               (62)                       100
total loans and leases                                                     152,217                   8,489                  5.53                            149,344                 5,968                 3.97                              2,873                       156
loans held for sale, at fair value                                           1,160                      73                  6.26                              1,767                    67                 3.77                              (607)                       249
other loans held for sale                                                      339                      29                  8.43                              1,188                    57                 4.71                              (849)                       372
interest-earning assets                                                    201,686                  10,204                  5.02                            194,136                 7,060                 3.61                              7,550                       141
noninterest-earning assets                                                  20,535                                                                           20,925                                                                         (390)
total assets                                                              $222,221                                                                         $215,061                                                                        $7,160
liabilities and stockholders' equity checking with interest                                                     $33,960                    $446                  1.31      %                     $36,127                  $142                 0.39      %                    ($2,167)                        92
money market                                                                51,178                   1,494                  2.92                             48,410                   320                 0.66                              2,768                       226
savings                                                                     29,266                     433                  1.48                             27,524                   100                 0.37                              1,742                       111
term                                                                        19,320                     772                  4.00                              8,330                    89                 1.07                             10,990                       293
total interest-bearing deposits                                            133,724                   3,145                  2.35                            120,391                   651                 0.54                             13,333                       181
short-term borrowed funds                                                      746                      43                  5.70                              1,584                    23                 1.47                              (838)                       423
long-term borrowed funds                                                    15,853                     775                  4.86                             12,078                   374                 3.07                              3,775                       179
total borrowed funds                                                        16,599                     818                  4.89                             13,662                   397                 2.88                              2,937                       201
total interest-bearing liabilities                                         150,323                   3,963                  2.63                            134,053                 1,048                 0.78                             16,270                       185
demand deposits                                                             41,581                                                                           51,717                                                                      (10,136)
other noninterest-bearing liabilities                                        6,711                                                                            5,553                                                                         1,158
total liabilities                                                          198,615                                                                          191,323                                                                         7,292
stockholders' equity                                                        23,606                                                                           23,738                                                                         (132)
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                $222,221                                                                         $215,061                                                                        $7,160
interest rate spread                                                                                                        2.39      %                                                                   2.83      %                                                  (44)
net interest income and net interest margin                                                         $6,241                  3.09      %                                            $6,012                 3.10      %                                                   (1)
net interest income and net interest margin, fte(1)                                                 $6,258                  3.10      %                                            $6,023                 3.10      %                                                     -
memo: total deposits (interest-bearing and demand)                        $175,305                  $3,145                  1.79      %                    $172,108                  $651                 0.38      %                      $3,197                       141
(1) net interest income and net interest margin is presented on a fte basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21%. the fte impact is predominantly attributable to commercial and industrial loans for the periods presented.
citizens financial group, inc. | 40
net interest income increased $229 million, or 4%, compared to 2022, reflecting stable net interest margin and growth of 4% in average interest-earning assets, including the impacts of the hsbc transaction and investors acquisition.
net interest margin on a fte basis was neutral compared to 2022, reflecting higher interest-earning asset growth and associated yields, offset by increased funding costs.
average interest-earning assets increased $7.6 billion, or 4%, compared to 2022, primarily attributable to growth in loans and leases reflecting the impacts of the hsbc transaction and investors acquisition, and growth in investments.
average deposits increased $3.2 billion, or 2%, compared to 2022, primarily attributable to the impacts of the hsbc transaction and investors acquisition.
average total borrowed funds increased $2.9 billion compared to 2022, driven by an increase in fhlb advances and secured borrowings collateralized by auto loans.
table 3: changes in net interest income due to average volume and average rate year ended december 31,
2023 versus 2022
(dollars in millions)                                                                            average volume(1)         average rate(1)        net change interest income interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                                 $47                            $276                $323
taxable investment securities                                                                   91                             231                 322
non-taxable investment securities                                                                -                               -                   -
total investment securities                                                                     91                             231                 322
commercial and industrial                                                                     (49)                           1,063               1,014
commercial real estate                                                                         182                             596                 778
leases                                                                                         (7)                               7                   -
total commercial                                                                               126                           1,666               1,792
residential mortgages                                                                           92                              84                 176
home equity                                                                                     60                             477                 537
automobile                                                                                   (124)                              46                (78)
education                                                                                     (31)                              92                  61
other retail                                                                                  (26)                              59                  33
total retail                                                                                  (29)                             758                 729
total loans and leases                                                                          97                           2,424               2,521
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                            (23)                              29                   6
other loans held for sale                                                                     (41)                              13                (28)
total interest income                                                                         $171                          $2,973              $3,144
interest expense checking with interest                                                                        ($9)                            $313                $304
money market                                                                                    19                           1,155               1,174
savings                                                                                          7                             326                 333
term                                                                                           117                             566                 683
total interest-bearing deposits                                                                134                           2,360               2,494
short-term borrowed funds                                                                     (12)                              32                  20
long-term borrowed funds                                                                       128                             273                 401
total borrowed funds                                                                           116                             305                 421
total interest expense                                                                         250                           2,665               2,915
net interest income                                                                          ($79)                            $308                $229
(1) volume and rate changes are allocated on a consistent basis using the respective percentage changes in average balances and average rates.
citizens financial group, inc. | 41
noninterest income table 4: noninterest income year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                     2023                            2022                  change                 percent service charges and fees                             $410                            $420                   ($10)                      (2   %)
capital markets fees                                  319                             368                    (49)                    (13)
card fees                                             296                             273                      23                       8
trust and investment services fees                    259                             249                      10                       4
mortgage banking fees                                 242                             261                    (19)                     (7)
foreign exchange and derivative products              183                             188                     (5)                     (3)
letter of credit and loan fees                        168                             159                       9                       6
securities gains, net                                  28                               9                      19                     211
other income(1)                                        78                              82                     (4)                     (5)
noninterest income                                 $1,983                          $2,009                   ($26)                      (1   %)
(1) includes bank-owned life insurance income and other income for all periods presented.
the primary drivers for the change in noninterest income for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 2022, are highlighted below.
the decline in capital markets fees reflects lower loan syndication, underwriting and m&a advisory fees.
mortgage banking fees declined driven by lower production and servicing fees and a decline in msr valuation, net of hedge impact.
the decline in service charges and fees reflects the elimination of the non-sufficient funds fee in consumer banking.
card fees increased given higher transaction volumes.
trust and investment services fees reflect increased sales activity and asset management fees.
noninterest expense table 5: noninterest expense year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                            2023                            2022                  change                 percent salaries and employee benefits            $2,599                          $2,549                     $50                       2    %
equipment and software                       756                             648                     108                      17
outside services                             687                             700                    (13)                     (2)
occupancy                                    492                             410                      82                      20
other operating expense                      973                             585                     388                      66
noninterest expense                       $5,507                          $4,892                    $615                      13    %
the increase in noninterest expense for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 2022, was driven by salaries and employee benefits reflecting the private bank start-up investment, equipment and software driven by software maintenance and amortization costs, and other operating expense associated with fdic deposit insurance, fraud losses, advertising, and pension costs. the increase in fdic deposit insurance reflects cbna's special assessment of $225 million and an increase in the deposit insurance assessment rate of two basis points that commenced with the first quarterly assessment period in 2023. for more information regarding cbna's special assessment, see "regulation and supervision - deposit insurance" in item 1.
citizens financial group, inc. | 42
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses is the result of a detailed analysis performed to estimate our acl. the total provision for credit losses includes the provision for loan and lease losses and the provision for unfunded commitments. refer to "analysis of financial condition - credit quality" for more information.
provision expense of $687 million for 2023 compares to $474 million for 2022. the provision expense for 2023 reflects higher reserves against the commercial real estate office portfolio primarily driven by rising interest rates and return to office dynamics.
income tax expense income tax expense of $422 million decreased $160 million and our effective income tax rate of 20.8% decreased from 21.9% compared to 2022. these decreases were driven by lower pre-tax income, the favorable impact of certain tax matters and additional benefits from tax-advantaged investments, partially offset by the adoption of the proportional amortization method for qualified investments in tax credit structures in 2023 and increased non-deductible fdic premium expense.
business operating segments we have three business operating segments: consumer banking, commercial banking, and non-core. during the third quarter of 2023, our indirect auto and certain purchased consumer loan portfolios were transferred from the consumer banking segment into a new non-core segment to reflect the manner in which management is currently assessing performance and allocating resources. this new segment structure aligns with our recently announced balance sheet optimization strategy to discontinue the origination of certain non-strategic lending portfolios. prior period results have been revised to conform to the new segment presentation.
for more information regarding our business operating segments see note 26.
the following table presents certain financial data of our business operating segments. total business operating segment financial results differ from total consolidated financial results. these differences are reflected in other non-segment operations. see note 26 for additional information.
table 6: selected financial data for business operating segments consumer banking                                              commercial banking                                                  non-core year ended december 31,                                         year ended december 31,                                   year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                              2023   2022                                                     2023                            2022                      2023                            2022
net interest income                                         $4,187                          $3,649                          $2,292                          $2,103                    ($129)                            $378
noninterest income                                           1,067                           1,063                             784                             845                         -                               -
total revenue                                                5,254                           4,712                           3,076                           2,948                     (129)                             378
noninterest expense                                          3,542                           3,255                           1,295                           1,223                       123                             136
profit (loss) before credit losses                           1,712                           1,457                           1,781                           1,725                     (252)                             242
net charge-offs                                                280        174                                                  250                              46                        78                              52
income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)            1,432                           1,283                           1,531                           1,679                     (330)                             190
income tax expense (benefit)                                   373        328                                                  378                             375                      (86)                              48
net income (loss)                                           $1,059                            $955                          $1,153                          $1,304                    ($244)                            $142
average balances:
total assets                                               $72,693                         $68,027                         $76,028                         $74,919                   $13,745                         $18,121
total loans and leases(1)                                   66,356                          62,523                          72,937                          70,992                    13,669                          18,048
deposits                                                   116,980                         114,482                          47,155                          49,898                         -                               -
interest-earning assets                                     66,999                          63,289                          73,321                          71,276                    13,675                          18,048
(1) includes lhfs.
consumer banking net interest income increased $538 million compared to 2022, driven by higher net interest margin reflecting higher interest-earning asset yields given higher market interest rates and growth in average interest-earning assets, including the impacts of the hsbc transaction and investors acquisition. this increase was partially offset by higher funding costs.
citizens financial group, inc. | 43
noninterest income increased $4 million compared to 2022, driven by card fees given higher transaction volumes and trust and investment services fees reflecting increased sales activity and asset management fees. this increase was partially offset by mortgage banking fees reflecting lower servicing and production fees and a decline in msr valuation, net of hedge impact, and service charges and fees given the elimination of the non-sufficient funds fees.
noninterest expense increased $287 million compared to 2022, driven by salaries and benefits reflecting the private bank start-up investment, equipment and software driven by software maintenance and amortization costs, and other operating expense associated with advertising and fraud losses.
net charge-offs increased $106 million compared to 2022, driven by other retail and education as credit losses continue to gradually normalize from pandemic-era lows.
commercial banking net interest income increased $189 million compared to 2022, driven by higher net interest margin reflecting higher interest-earning asset yields given higher market interest rates and growth in average interest-earning assets, including the impact of the investors acquisition. this increase was partially offset by higher funding costs.
noninterest income decreased $61 million compared to 2022, driven by capital markets fees reflecting lower loan syndication, underwriting and m&a advisory fees, and foreign exchange and derivative products revenue reflecting lower client hedging activity. this decline was partially offset by service charges and fees reflecting the benefit of acquisitions and improvement in treasury solutions fees and card fees given higher transaction volumes.
noninterest expense increased $72 million compared to 2022, driven primarily by salaries and employee benefits, and equipment and software driven by software maintenance and amortization costs.
net charge-offs increased $204 million compared to 2022, reflecting an increased net charge-off level in the commercial real estate office portfolio primarily driven by rising interest rates and return to office dynamics, and the normalization of credit losses from pandemic-era lows.
non-core net interest income decreased $507 million compared to 2022, driven by the highest-cost implied marginal funding sources during 2023, including secured borrowings collateralized by auto loans, fhlb advances and, to the extent necessary to fully fund the non-core segment, brokered certificates of deposit.
net charge-offs increased $26 million compared to 2022, driven by auto as credit losses continue to gradually normalize from pandemic-era lows.
results of operations - 2022 compared with 2021
for a description of our results of operations for 2022, see the "results of operations - 2022 compared with 2021" section of item 7 in our 2022 form 10-k.
citizens financial group, inc. | 44
analysis of financial condition securities table 7: amortized cost and fair value of securities december 31, 2023                                  december 31, 2022
(dollars in millions)                                                    amortized cost(1)        fair value                        amortized        fair value cost u.s. treasury and other                                                     $4,493              $4,380                           $3,678            $3,486
state and political subdivisions                                                 1                   1                                2                 2
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities                     26,289              24,477                           21,250            19,062
other/non-agency                                                               279                 255                              280               251
total mortgage-backed securities                                            26,568              24,732                           21,530            19,313
collateralized loan obligations                                                667                 664                            1,248             1,206
total debt securities available for sale                                   $31,729             $29,777                          $26,458           $24,007
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities                     $8,696              $7,887                           $9,253            $8,506
total mortgage-backed securities                                             8,696               7,887                            9,253             8,506
asset-backed securities                                                        488                 463                              581               536
total debt securities held to maturity                                      $9,184              $8,350                           $9,834            $9,042
total debt securities available for sale and held to maturity              $40,913             $38,127                          $36,292           $33,049
equity securities, at cost(2)                                                 $869                $869                           $1,058            $1,058
equity securities, at fair value(2)                                            173                 173                              153               153
(1) excludes portfolio level basis adjustments of $60 million for securities designated in active fair value hedge relationships. the basis adjustments represent a reduction to the amortized cost of the securities being hedged.
(2) included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
the primary objective of the securities portfolio is to provide a ready source of liquidity. the portfolio primarily includes high quality, highly liquid investments reflecting our ongoing commitment to maintain strong contingent liquidity levels and pledging capacity.
as of december 31, 2023, u.s. treasuries and mortgage-backed securities issued by gnma and gses represent 96% of the fair value of our debt securities portfolio, with approximately $31.4 billion of unencumbered high-quality liquid securities serving as potential collateral for borrowings from the fhlb, frb discount window, the fixed income clearing corporation bilateral repurchase agreement market, and the bank term funding program. the bank term funding program expires in march 2024 and we have not participated in this program through december 31, 2023. securities are pledged at par value instead of fair value under this program.
for further discussion of the use of our securities as liquidity collateral see the "regulation and supervision - liquidity requirements" and "liquidity risk management and governance" sections in this document.
we manage our securities portfolio duration and convexity risk through asset selection and securities structure, and maintain duration levels within our risk appetite in the context of the broader interest rate risk framework and limits. as of december 31, 2023, the portfolio's average effective duration, including recent hedging actions to reduce duration, was 3.9 years compared to 5.8 years as of december 31, 2022.
citizens financial group, inc. | 45
table 8: amortized cost of afs and htm securities by contractual maturity as of december 31, 2023
distribution of maturities(1)
1 year or less                               after 1 year through 5 years                             after 5 years through 10 years                                                after 10 years                                    total
(dollars in millions)                                          amount         yield(2)                      amount                         yield(2)                  amount                  yield(2)                                       amount       yield(2)                    amount       yield(2)
amortized cost:
u.s. treasury and other                                        $-             -         %                   $3,015                      2.65   %                     $1,478          3.30                    %                             $-              -    %               $4,493           2.87    %
state and political subdivisions                               -              -                             -                              -                         -                       -                       1                                  2.60                         1           2.60
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities        -              -                             1,599                       3.28                         2,157           2.91                                              22,533           3.90                    26,289           3.78
other/non-agency                                               -              -                             -                              -                         -                       -                       279                                2.63                       279           2.63
collateralized loan obligations                                -              -                             -                              -          100                            7.11                            567                                6.97                       667           6.99
total debt securities available for sale                       -              -                             4,614                       2.87                         3,735           3.18                                              23,380           3.96                    31,729           3.71
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities        -              -                             -                              -                         -                       -                                          8,696           2.31                     8,696           2.31
asset-backed securities                                        -              -              488                                        4.01                         -                       -                                              -              -                       488           4.01
total debt securities held to maturity                         -              -              488                                        4.01                         -                       -                                          8,696           2.31                     9,184           2.40
total debt securities                                          $-             -         %                   $5,102                      2.98   %                     $3,735          3.18                    %                        $32,076           3.51    %              $40,913           3.41    %
(1) actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without incurring penalties.
(2) the weighted-average yield is computed based on a constant effective interest rate over the contractual life of each security and considers the contractual coupon, amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts. yields exclude the impact of related hedging derivatives.
loans and leases table 9: composition of loans and leases, excluding lhfs december 31,
(dollars in millions)                          2023   2022                                                         change                 percent commercial and industrial            $43,826                                   $51,836                      ($8,010)                    (15)    %
commercial real estate                29,471                                    28,865                           606                       2
leases                                 1,148                                     1,479                         (331)                    (22)
total commercial                      74,445                                    82,180                       (7,735)                     (9)
residential mortgages                 31,332                                    29,921                         1,411                       5
home equity                           15,040                                    14,043                           997                       7
automobile                             8,258                                    12,292                       (4,034)                    (33)
education                             11,834                                    12,808                         (974)                     (8)
other retail                           5,050                                     5,418                         (368)                     (7)
total retail                          71,514                                    74,482                       (2,968)                     (4)
total loans and leases              $145,959                                  $156,662                     ($10,703)                      (7   %)
the decrease in total loans and leases as of december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022 reflects a $7.7 billion decrease in commercial due to loans sold as part of balance sheet optimization actions and market conditions driving lower client demand. retail declined $3.0 billion, driven by planned non-core portfolio runoff in auto, education and other retail, partially offset by growth in mortgage and home equity.
citizens financial group, inc. | 46
table 10: fixed and variable rate loans and leases by maturity december 31, 2023
(dollars in millions)                         1 year or less(1)        after 1 year through 5 years(1)         after 5 years through 15 years(1)       after 15 years(1)        total loans and leases fixed rate:
commercial and industrial                          $716                            $1,812                                     $555                           $17                      $3,100
commercial real estate                            1,139                             2,894                                    2,786                            28                       6,847
leases                                              407                               609                                       92                             -                       1,108
total commercial fixed rate                       2,262                             5,315                                    3,433                            45                      11,055
variable rate:
commercial and industrial                         9,610                            28,723                                    2,346                            47                      40,726
commercial real estate                            8,360                            12,355                                    1,867                            42                      22,624
leases                                               15                                25                                        -                             -                          40
total commercial variable rate(2)                17,985                            41,103                                    4,213                            89                      63,390
total commercial                                 20,247                            46,418                                    7,646                           134                      74,445
fixed rate:
residential mortgages                               642                             2,588                                    6,882                         9,980                      20,092
home equity                                          91                               171                                      200                            12                         474
automobile                                        2,400                             5,731                                      127                             -                       8,258
education                                           825                             3,424                                    6,031                           408                      10,688
other retail                                      1,128                             1,559                                       99                            83                       2,869
total retail fixed rate                           5,086                            13,473                                   13,339                        10,483                      42,381
variable rate:
residential mortgages                               171                               712                                    3,000                         7,357                      11,240
home equity                                         383                             2,955                                   10,877                           351                      14,566
automobile                                            -                                 -                                        -                             -                           -
education                                           127                               433                                      563                            23                       1,146
other retail                                      2,168                                13                                        -                             -                       2,181
total retail variable rate                        2,849                             4,113                                   14,440                         7,731                      29,133
total retail                                      7,935                            17,586                                   27,779                        18,214                      71,514
total loans and leases                          $28,182                           $64,004                                  $35,425                       $18,348                    $145,959
(1) maturity is based on scheduled principal repayment date.
(2) includes floating-rate commercial loans hedged to fixed rate to manage our exposure to the variability in interest cash flows. see "market risk" for additional information regarding our use of interest rate derivatives to hedge our loan portfolio.
citizens financial group, inc. | 47
credit quality the acl is a reserve to absorb estimated future credit losses in accordance with gaap. for additional information regarding the acl, see "critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" and note 6.
the acl as of december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022 reflects a reserve increase of $78 million. for further information see note 6.
table 11: allocation of the alll december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                 2023                                    2022
commercial and industrial             $561          30   %                    $581          33   %
commercial real estate                 663          20                         456          18
leases                                  26           1                          23           1
total commercial                     1,250          51                       1,060          52
residential mortgages                  181          22                         207          19
home equity                            100          10                          89           9
automobile                              57           6                         131           8
education                              259           8                         268           8
other retail                           251           3                         228           4
total retail                           848          49                         923          48
total loans and leases              $2,098         100   %                  $1,983         100   %
table 12: acl and related coverage ratios by portfolio december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                     2022
(dollars in millions)                                                     loans and leases         allowance       coverage                 loans and leases         allowance       coverage allowance for loan and lease losses commercial and industrial                                              $43,826                    $561            1.28    %                  $51,836                $581            1.12    %
commercial real estate                                                  29,471                     663            2.25                        28,865                 456            1.58
leases                                                                   1,148                      26            2.24                         1,479                  23            1.59
total commercial                                                        74,445                   1,250            1.68                        82,180               1,060            1.29
residential mortgages                                                   31,332                     181            0.58                        29,921                 207            0.69
home equity                                                             15,040                     100            0.66                        14,043                  89            0.63
automobile                                                               8,258                      57            0.69                        12,292                 131            1.07
education                                                               11,834                     259            2.18                        12,808                 268            2.09
other retail                                                             5,050                     251            4.98                         5,418                 228            4.21
total retail                                                            71,514                     848            1.19                        74,482                 923            1.24
total loans and leases                                                $145,959                  $2,098            1.44    %                 $156,662              $1,983            1.27    %
allowance for unfunded lending commitments commercial(1)                                                                                     $175            1.91    %                                         $207            1.54    %
retail(2)                                                                                           45            1.25                                                50            1.31
total allowance for unfunded lending commitments                                                   220                                                               257
allowance for credit losses                                           $145,959                  $2,318            1.59    %                 $156,662              $2,240            1.43    %
(1)    coverage ratio includes total commercial allowance for unfunded lending commitments and total commercial allowance for loan and lease losses in the numerator and total commercial loans and leases in the denominator.
(2) coverage ratio includes total retail allowance for unfunded lending commitments and total retail allowance for loan losses in the numerator and total retail loans in the denominator.
citizens financial group, inc. | 48
table 13: nonaccrual loans and leases december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                               2023                      2022                   change                 percent commercial and industrial                                                       $294                      $249                    $45                       18    %
commercial real estate                                                           477                       103                    374                            nm leases                                                                             3                         -                      3                      100
total commercial                                                                 774                       352                    422                      120
residential mortgages                                                            177                       234                   (57)                     (24)
home equity                                                                      285                       241                     44                       18
automobile                                                                        61                        56                      5                        9
education                                                                         28                        33                    (5)                     (15)
other retail                                                                      39                        28                     11                       39
total retail                                                                     590                       592                    (2)                        -
nonaccrual loans and leases                                                   $1,364                      $944                   $420                       44    %
nonaccrual loans and leases to total loans and leases                           0.93   %                  0.60   %                 33   bps allowance for loan and lease losses to nonaccrual loans and leases               154                       210                    (56    %)
allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans and leases                       170                       237                    (67    %)
table 14: ratio of net charge-offs to average loans and leases year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                       2022
(dollars in millions)                  net charge-offs         average balance            ratio                        net charge-offs         average balance            ratio commercial and industrial                 $110                 $48,693                0.23    %                            $51                 $50,002                0.10    %
commercial real estate                     161                  29,206                0.56                                   1                  24,746                   -
leases                                     (4)                   1,305              (0.29)                                   -                   1,521              (0.03)
total commercial                           267                  79,204                0.34                                  52                  76,269                0.07
residential mortgages                        2                  30,660                   -                                 (1)                  27,759                   -
home equity                               (10)                  14,475              (0.07)                                (28)                  13,057              (0.22)
automobile                                  55                  10,374                0.53                                  36                  13,729                0.26
education                                   92                  12,333                0.74                                  59                  13,047                0.45
other retail                               203                   5,171                3.93                                 152                   5,483                2.77
total retail                               342                  73,013                0.47                                 218                  73,075                0.30
total loans and leases                    $609                $152,217                0.40    %                           $270                $149,344                0.18    %
for the year ended december 31, 2023, net charge-offs increased $339 million and the net charge-off ratio increased 22 basis points compared to 2022.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, the increase in net charge-offs reflects a $124 million increase in retail, primarily other retail and education, and a $215 million increase in commercial, with increases in commercial real estate and commercial and industrial. the increase in commercial real estate was driven by commercial real estate office while the commercial and industrial increase reflects company-specific idiosyncratic charge-offs. retail is increasing from pandemic lows as expected.
commercial loan asset quality our commercial portfolio consists of traditional commercial and industrial loans, commercial leases, and commercial real estate loans. we utilize internal risk ratings to monitor credit quality for commercial loans and leases. for more information on internal risk ratings see note 6.
total commercial criticized balances of $8.4 billion at december 31, 2023 increased $2.9 billion compared to december 31, 2022, and declined $524 million compared to september 30, 2023.
commercial and industrial criticized balances of $3.4 billion at december 31, 2023 increased from $3.1 billion at december 31, 2022, primarily driven by the impact of rising interest rates and certain sector-specific labor challenges in the arts, entertainment and recreation sector, as well as the trade sectors.
citizens financial group, inc. | 49
commercial real estate criticized balances of $5.0 billion at december 31, 2023 increased from $2.4 billion at december 31, 2022, primarily driven by the combined impacts of interest rates and return-to-office dynamics on the office sector and the impacts of interest rates on the multi-family sector. approximately 98% of commercial real estate loans remain current on payments as of december 31, 2023.
for more information on the distribution of commercial loans by vintage date and internal risk rating, see note 6.
table 15: commercial and industrial loans by industry sector december 31, 2023                                             december 31, 2022
(dollars in millions)                                                     balance         % of total commercial and industrial          balance         % of total commercial and industrial finance and insurance capital call facilities                                           $5,780                                     13              %      $6,753                                 13              %
other finance and insurance                                        5,991                                     14                      5,310                                 10
other manufacturing                                                3,616                                      8                      4,474                                  9
technology                                                         3,307                                      8                      4,367                                  8
accommodation and food services                                    2,917                                      7                      3,572                                  7
health, pharma, and social assistance                              2,562                                      6                      3,056                                  6
professional, scientific, and technical services                   2,313                                      4                      3,067                                  6
wholesale trade                                                    2,391                                      5                      2,955                                  6
retail trade                                                       2,366                                      5                      2,391                                  5
other services                                                     2,081                                      5                      2,713                                  5
energy and related                                                 1,973                                      5                      2,299                                  4
rental and leasing                                                 1,069                                      2                      1,542                                  3
consumer products manufacturing                                      893                                      2                      1,511                                  3
administrative and waste management                                1,549                                      4                      1,710                                  3
arts, entertainment, and recreation                                1,602                                      4                      1,587                                  3
automotive                                                           894                                      2                      1,316                                  3
other                                                              2,522                                      6                      3,091                                  6
total commercial and industrial(1)                               $43,826                                    100              %     $51,715                                100              %
(1) excludes ppp loans of $121 million as of december 31, 2022.
citizens financial group, inc. | 50
table 16: commercial real estate by property type and state december 31, 2023                              december 31, 2022
(dollars in millions)                                            balance             % of total cre                   balance       % of total cre property type multi-family                                             $9,367                         32        %               $8,696                 30      %
office credit tenant lease and life sciences(1)                  2,268                          8                         2,205                  8
other general office                                      3,648                         12                         4,048                 14
retail                                                    3,407                         12                         3,208                 11
industrial                                                3,981                         14                         3,344                 12
co-op                                                     1,796                          6                         1,824                  6
data center                                                 841                          3                           870                  3
hospitality                                                 608                          2                           638                  2
other                                                     3,555                         11                         4,032                 14
total commercial real estate                            $29,471                        100        %              $28,865                100      %
state new york                                                 $7,035                         24        %               $7,224                 25      %
new jersey                                                3,829                         13                         4,300                 15
pennsylvania                                              2,613                          9                         2,819                 10
california                                                2,314                          8                         1,878                  7
texas                                                     2,163                          7                         1,844                  6
massachusetts                                             1,897                          6                         1,688                  6
florida                                                   1,087                          4                           799                  3
other southeast(2)                                        3,056                         10                         3,042                 10
other                                                     5,477                         19                         5,271                 18
total commercial real estate                            $29,471                        100        %              $28,865                100      %
(1) credit tenant lease includes loans to nationally recognized tenants with high credit ratings and life sciences includes loans to provide lab and office space for tenants involved in the study and development of scientific discoveries.
(2) includes georgia, maryland, north carolina, south carolina and virginia.
citizens financial group, inc. | 51
table 17: commercial real estate by geography as of december 31, 2023
office
(dollars in millions)                     multi-family                    credit tenant lease and life sciences(1)                   other general office                       retail                    industrial               co-op                               other                    total new york city brooklyn                                 $1,177                                                $18                                           $69                             $161                          $38                     $57                              $109                   $1,629
manhattan                                   645                                                 47                                           118                               85                            -                     1,374                             336                    2,605
other nyc                                   600                                                  3                                           196                              126                           85         217                                           178                    1,405
new york - ex. nyc                          387                                                 23                                           125                              304                          107         148                                           302                    1,396
new jersey                                1,741                                                 98                                           362                              719                          444                     -                                 465                    3,829
pennsylvania                              1,272                                                247                                           200                              665                          129                     -                                 100                    2,613
california                                  274                                                479                                           344                                -                          635                     -                                 582                    2,314
texas                                       550                                                128                                           311                               23                          398                     -                                 753                    2,163
massachusetts                               252                                                679                                           127                              246                          129                     -                                 464                    1,897
florida                                     409                                                  -                                            39                              115                          381                     -                                 143                    1,087
other southeast(2)                          724                                                185                                           930                              239                          352                     -                                 626                    3,056
other                                     1,336                                                361                                           827                              724                        1,283                     -                                 946                    5,477
total commercial real estate             $9,367                                             $2,268                                        $3,648                           $3,407                       $3,981                     $1,796                         $5,004                  $29,471
(1) credit tenant lease includes loans to nationally recognized tenants with high credit ratings and life sciences includes loans to provide lab and office space for tenants involved in the study and development of scientific discoveries.
(2) includes georgia, maryland, north carolina, south carolina and virginia.
retail loan asset quality we utilize credit scores provided by fico, which are generally refreshed on a quarterly basis, and payment and delinquency status, among other data points, to monitor credit quality for retail loans. fico credit scores represent current and historical national industry-wide consumer level credit performance data, which management believes are the strongest indicator of potential credit losses over the contractual life of the loan and a good predictor of a borrower's future payment performance.
table 18: retail loan portfolio analysis december 31, 2023                                                                         december 31, 2022
days past due and accruing                                                                days past due and accruing current          30-59          60-89   90+                 nonaccrual                    current          30-59          60-89            90+        nonaccrual residential mortgages(1)           97.34    %      0.90    %      0.38    %   0.82      %         0.56     %                 97.68    %      0.32    %      0.15    %      1.07    %        0.78     %
home equity                        97.34           0.55           0.22        -         1.89                                 97.68           0.46           0.14              -             1.72
automobile                         96.94           1.74           0.58        -         0.74                                 97.93           1.24           0.37              -             0.46
education                          99.14           0.41           0.19           0.02   0.24                                 99.30           0.28           0.13           0.03             0.26
other retail                       97.02           0.97           0.67           0.57   0.77                                 97.71           0.81           0.55           0.41             0.52
total retail                       97.56    %      0.85    %      0.36    %   0.40      %         0.83     %                 98.02    %      0.52    %      0.21    %      0.46    %        0.79     %
table 19: retail asset quality metrics december 31, 2023                december 31, 2022
average refreshed fico for total portfolio                   772                              770
cltv ratio for secured real estate(1)                         50       %                       50       %
(1) the real estate secured portfolio cltv is calculated as the mortgage and second lien loan balance divided by the most recently available value of the property.
for more information on the aging of accruing and nonaccrual retail loans, and the distribution of retail loans by vintage date and fico score, see note 6.
citizens financial group, inc. | 52
deposits table 20: composition of deposits
(dollars in millions)                         december 31, 2023        % of total deposits       december 31, 2022        % of total deposits demand                                          $37,107                        21        %         $49,283                        27        %
money market                                     53,812                        30                   49,905                        28
checking with interest                           31,876                        18                   39,721                        22
savings                                          27,983                        16                   29,805                        16
term                                             26,564                        15                   12,010                         7
total deposits                                 $177,342                       100        %        $180,724                       100        %
total deposits as of december 31, 2023 decreased compared to december 31, 2022, driven by our balance sheet optimization efforts. in addition, as rates rose 100 basis points during 2023, we saw continued migration of lower cost deposits to higher-yielding products, with non-interest bearing deposits now representing approximately 21% of our total deposits.
table 21: uninsured and insured/secured deposits
(dollars in millions)                                                             december 31, 2023       december 31, 2022
total deposits                                                                     $177,342                $180,724
estimated uninsured deposits(1)                                                      73,584                  88,883
less: uninsured affiliate deposits eliminated in consolidation                       14,650                   6,479
less: preferred deposits(1)(2)                                                        7,486                   9,635
cfg adjusted estimated uninsured deposits, excluding preferred deposits              51,448                  72,769
total estimated insured/secured deposits                                           $125,894                $107,955
insured/secured deposits to total deposits                                               71       %              60       %
(1) as reported on cbna's call report.
(2) represents uninsured deposits of states and political subdivisions that are secured or collateralized as required under state law.
table 22: term deposits in excess of the fdic insurance limit by remaining maturity
(dollars in millions)                                                       december 31, 2023
three months or less                                                   $1,591
after three months through six months                                     550
after six months through twelve months                                    515
after twelve months                                                        83
total term deposits(1)                                                 $2,739
(1) includes term deposits per account in excess of $250,000.
borrowed funds total borrowed funds of $14.0 billion as of december 31, 2023 decreased $1.9 billion compared to december 31, 2022, driven by a decline in fhlb advances, partially offset by the issuance of secured borrowings collateralized by auto loans. for more information regarding our borrowed funds see "liquidity" and note 13.
citizens financial group, inc. | 53
capital and regulatory matters as a bhc and fhc, we are subject to regulation and supervision by the frb. our banking subsidiary, cbna, is a national banking association primarily regulated by the occ. our regulation and supervision continues to evolve as the legal and regulatory frameworks governing our operations continue to change. for more information, see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1.
capital adequacy process our assessment of capital adequacy begins with our board-approved risk appetite and risk management framework. this framework provides for the identification, measurement and management of material risks. capital requirements are determined for actual and forecasted risk portfolios using applicable regulatory capital methodologies. the assessment also considers the possible impacts of approved and proposed changes to regulatory capital requirements. key analytical frameworks, including scenario analysis and stress testing, supplement our base line forecast to help inform a range of potential outcomes. a governance framework supports our capital planning process, including capital management policies and procedures that document capital adequacy metrics and limits, as well as our capital contingency plan and the active engagement of both the board and senior management in oversight and decision-making.
forward-looking assessments of capital adequacy provide for the development of a single capital plan, which is periodically submitted to the frb, that covers both us and our banking subsidiary. we prepare this plan in accordance with the capital plan rule and we participate annually in the frb's horizontal capital review as part of their normal supervisory process, which includes an assessment of specific capital planning areas.
the frb regularly supervises and evaluates our capital adequacy and capital planning processes, including the submission of an annual capital plan approved by our board of directors or one of its committees. under the frb's capital requirements we must maintain capital ratios above the sum of the regulatory minimum and scb requirement to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. the frb utilizes the supervisory stress test to determine our scb, which is re-calibrated with each biennial supervisory stress test and updated annually to reflect our planned common stock dividends. as an institution subject to category iv standards, we are subject to biennial supervisory stress testing in even-numbered years; however, the frb required us to participate in the 2023 ccar supervisory stress test to incorporate the effects of the investors acquisition. our scb associated with the 2023 supervisory stress test was 4.0%, effective october 1, 2023 through september 30, 2024.
regulations relating to capital planning, regulatory reporting, stress testing and capital buffer requirements applicable to firms like us are presently subject to rule-making and potential further guidance and interpretation by the applicable federal regulators. we will continue to evaluate the impact of these and any other prudential regulatory changes, including their potential resultant changes in our regulatory and compliance costs and expenses.
regulatory capital ratios and capital composition under the current u.s. basel iii capital framework, we and our banking subsidiary, cbna, must meet the following specific minimum requirements: cet1 capital ratio of 4.5%, tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%, total capital ratio of 8.0% and tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0%. as a bhc, our scb of 4.0% is imposed on top of the three minimum risk-based capital ratios listed above and a ccb of 2.5% is imposed on top of the three minimum risk-based capital ratios listed above for cbna.
citizens financial group, inc. | 54
for additional discussion of the u.s. basel iii capital framework and its related application, see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1. the table below presents the regulatory capital ratios for cfg and cbna under the u.s. basel iii standardized rules:
table 23: regulatory capital ratios under the u.s. basel iii standardized rules december 31, 2023                                              december 31, 2022
(dollars in millions)                                    amount                ratio                                    amount                ratio                  required minimum capital ratio(1)
cet1 capital cfg                                              $18,358                 10.6      %                            $18,574                 10.0      %                                  8.5             %
cbna                                              19,411                 11.3                                    20,669                 11.2                                         7.0
tier 1 capital cfg                                               20,372                 11.8                                    20,588                 11.1                                        10.0
cbna                                              19,411                 11.3                                    20,669                 11.2                                         8.5
total capital cfg                                               23,608                 13.7                                    23,755                 12.8                                        12.0
cbna                                              22,453                 13.0                                    23,534                 12.7                                        10.5
tier 1 leverage cfg                                               20,372                  9.3                                    20,588                  9.3                                         4.0
cbna                                              19,411                  8.9                                    20,669                  9.4                                         4.0
risk-weighted assets cfg                                              172,601                                                        185,224
cbna                                             172,094                                                        184,781
quarterly adjusted average assets(2)
cfg                                              219,591                                                        220,779
cbna                                             218,974                                                        220,182
(1) represents minimum requirement under the current capital framework plus the scb of 4.0% and ccb of 2.5% for cfg and cbna, respectively. the scb and ccb are not applicable to the tier 1 leverage ratio.
(2) represents total average assets less certain amounts deducted from tier 1 capital.
at december 31, 2023, cfg's cet1 and tier 1 capital ratios increased compared to december 31, 2022, primarily driven by net income and a $12.6 billion decrease in rwa, partially offset by dividends, common share repurchases, and a decrease in the modified cecl transition amount as we entered the second year of the cecl three-year transition period. lower commercial and auto loans were the key drivers for the decline in rwa.
at december 31, 2023, cbna's cet1 and tier 1 capital ratios increased slightly compared to december 31, 2022. net income and a $12.7 billion decrease in rwa, primarily driven by lower commercial and auto loans, was partially offset by dividend payments to the parent company and a decrease in the modified cecl transition amount as we entered the second year of the cecl three-year transition period.
at december 31, 2023, cfg's and cbna's total capital ratios increased driven by their respective changes in cet1 and tier 1 capital described above and a reduction in the modified aacl transition amount.
at december 31, 2023, cfg's tier 1 leverage ratio was stable compared to december 31, 2022, whereas cbna's tier 1 leverage ratio decreased. cbna's tier 1 leverage ratio reflects a decline in quarterly adjusted average assets and changes in tier 1 capital described above.
citizens financial group, inc. | 55
table 24: capital composition under the u.s. basel iii capital framework
(dollars in millions)                                                                                           december 31, 2023                december 31, 2022
total common stockholders' equity                                                                                 $22,328                          $21,676
exclusions:
modified cecl transitional amount                                                                                     192                              288
net unrealized (gains)/losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
debt securities                                                                                                     2,338                            2,771
derivatives                                                                                                         1,087                            1,416
unamortized net periodic benefit costs                                                                                333                              373
deductions:
goodwill, net of deferred tax liability                                                                           (7,779)                          (7,780)
other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability                                                              (134)                            (170)
deferred tax assets that arise from tax loss and credit carryforwards                                                 (7)                                -
total common equity tier 1 capital                                                                                 18,358                           18,574
qualifying preferred stock                                                                                          2,014                            2,014
total tier 1 capital                                                                                               20,372                           20,588
qualifying subordinated debt(1)                                                                                     1,319                            1,427
allowance for credit losses                                                                                         2,318                            2,240
exclusions from tier 2 capital:
modified aacl transitional amount                                                                                   (249)                            (374)
allowance on pcd assets                                                                                             (152)                            (126)
adjusted allowance for credit losses                                                                                1,917                            1,740
total capital                                                                                                     $23,608                          $23,755
(1) as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount of non-qualifying subordinated debt excluded from regulatory capital was $482 million and $367 million, respectively. see note 13 for more details on our outstanding subordinated debt.
capital transactions we completed the following capital transactions during 2023:
repurchased $906 million of our outstanding common stock;
declared quarterly common stock dividends of $0.42 per share, aggregating to $808 million; and
declared preferred stock dividends aggregating to $117 million.
for additional detail regarding our common and preferred stock dividends see note 17.
in february 2023, our board of directors increased our common share repurchase authorization to $2.0 billion, which was an increase of $1.15 billion above the $850 million of capacity remaining as of december 31, 2022 under the prior june 2022 authorization. see "issuer purchase of equity securities" in item 5 above for information regarding our available capacity to repurchase shares at december 31, 2023. all future capital distributions are subject to consideration and approval by our board of directors prior to execution. the timing and amount of future dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including our capital position, financial performance, capital impacts of strategic initiatives, market conditions, and regulatory considerations.
citizens financial group, inc. | 56
recent regulatory developments bank failures on april 28, 2023, the frb issued a report relative to its review of the supervision and regulation of silicon valley bank ("svb"). the report details the frb's assessment of the primary causes for svb's failure and emphasizes the frb's view that supervision and regulation need to be strengthened based on its findings. as a result, the frb stated it intends to evaluate its supervisory and regulatory framework, with a focus on the following areas:
regulatory tailoring framework, including a reassessment of a range of rules for banks with $100 billion or more in assets;
management of interest rate risk;
liquidity risk, commencing with the risks of uninsured deposits; and
capital requirements.
proposals addressing the regulatory tailoring framework and capital requirements were issued by the regulatory agencies during the third quarter of 2023. see the "regulation and supervision" section in item 1 for more information.
we will continue to monitor and address changes to the frb's supervisory and regulatory framework that may result from this targeted review by the frb and their associated impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
aoci impact on regulatory capital under the current applicable regulatory capital rules we have made the aoci opt-out election, which enables us to exclude components of aoci from regulatory capital. as noted in the "capital and stress testing requirements" section of "regulation and supervision" in item 1, the regulatory agencies are considering the inclusion of aoci components in regulatory capital for category iv firms like us, notably the aoci relative to securities and pension.
the following table presents our regulatory capital ratios including the aoci impact from securities and pension, which we believe provides useful information in light of recent events and the potential for change in the regulatory capital framework.
table 25: aoci impact on regulatory capital december 31, 2023
cfg                                                                   cbna
(dollars in millions)                                                         cet1             tier 1              total                              cet1             tier 1             total regulatory capital, including aoci impact:
regulatory capital (as reported)                                      $18,358            $20,372            $23,608                           $19,411            $19,411            $22,453
unrealized gains (losses) on securities and pension                   (2,671)            (2,671)            (2,671)                           (2,649)            (2,649)            (2,649)
deferred tax assets - securities and pension aoci                        (15)               (15)               (15)                              (16)               (16)               (16)
regulatory capital, including aoci impact (non-gaap)                  $15,672            $17,686            $20,922                           $16,746            $16,746            $19,788
risk-weighted assets, including aoci impact:
risk-weighted assets (as reported)                                   $172,601           $172,601           $172,601                          $172,094           $172,094           $172,094
unrealized gains (losses) on securities and pension                     (722)              (722)              (722)                             (701)              (701)              (701)
deferred tax assets - securities and pension aoci                       2,188              2,188              2,188                             2,168              2,168              2,168
risk-weighted assets, including aoci impact (non-gaap)               $174,067           $174,067           $174,067                          $173,561           $173,561           $173,561
ratio:
regulatory capital ratio (as reported)                                   10.6    %          11.8    %          13.7    %   11.3                          %          11.3    %          13.0   %
regulatory capital ratio, including aoci impact (non-gaap)                9.0    %          10.2    %          12.0    %   9.6                           %           9.6    %          11.4   %
citizens financial group, inc. | 57
liquidity we consider the effective and prudent management of liquidity fundamental to our safety and soundness. we define liquidity as our ability to meet our obligations when they come due. as a financial institution, we must maintain operating liquidity to meet expected daily and forecasted cash-flow requirements, as well as contingent liquidity to meet unexpected (stress scenario) funding requirements. reflecting the importance of meeting all unexpected and stress-scenario funding requirements, we identify and manage contingent liquidity, consisting of cash balances at the frb, unencumbered high-quality liquid securities and unused fhlb borrowing capacity. separately, we also identify and manage asset liquidity as a subset of contingent liquidity, consisting of cash balances at the frb and unencumbered high-quality liquid securities. we maintain additional secured borrowing capacity at the frb discount window, but do not view this as a primary means of funding, but rather a potential source in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. we manage liquidity at the consolidated enterprise level and at each material legal entity.
parent company liquidity our parent company's primary sources of cash are dividends and interest received from cbna resulting from investing in bank equity and subordinated debt as well as externally issued preferred stock, senior debt and subordinated debt. uses of cash include the routine cash flow requirements as a bank holding company, including periodic share repurchases and payments of dividends, interest and expenses; the needs of subsidiaries, including cbna for additional equity and, as required, its need for debt financing; and the support for extraordinary funding requirements when necessary. to the extent the parent company has relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest.
our parent company's cash and cash equivalents represent a source of liquidity that can be used to meet various needs and totaled $2.9 billion and $1.6 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, the parent company declared dividends on common stock of $808 million and $779 million, respectively, and declared dividends on preferred stock of $117 million and $113 million, respectively.
during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, the parent company repurchased $906 million and $153 million, respectively, of its outstanding common stock.
on january 23, 2024, cfg issued $1.25 billion in six-year 5.841% fixed-to-floating rate senior notes.
cbna liquidity as cbna's primary business involves taking deposits and making loans, a key role of liquidity management is to ensure that customers have timely access to funds. liquidity management also involves maintaining sufficient liquidity to repay wholesale borrowings, pay operating expenses and support extraordinary funding requirements when necessary. in the ordinary course of business the liquidity of cbna is managed by matching sources and uses of cash. the primary sources of bank liquidity include deposits from our consumer and commercial customers; payments of principal and interest on loans and debt securities; and wholesale borrowings, as needed, and as described under "liquidity risk management and governance." the primary uses of bank liquidity include withdrawals and maturities of deposits; payment of interest on deposits; funding of loans and related commitments; and funding of securities purchases. to the extent that cbna has relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest. for further information on cbna's outstanding debt see note 13.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, cbna completed the following transactions:
issued $450 million of 5.284% fixed-to-floating rate senior notes;
redeemed $750 million of senior notes due march 2023; and
issued $3.5 billion of secured borrowings collateralized by auto loans.
on january 23, 2024, cbna issued approximately $1.5 billion of secured borrowings collateralized by auto loans.
citizens financial group, inc. | 58
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk arising from the inability to meet our obligations when they come due. we must maintain adequate funding to meet current and future obligations, including customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, equipment and premises leases, and other cash commitments, under both normal operating conditions and under periods of company-specific and/or market stress.
we primarily rely on customer deposits to be a relatively stable and low-cost source of funding. in addition to customer deposits, our funding sources also include our ability to securitize loans in secondary markets, raise funds in the debt and equity capital markets, pledge loans and/or securities for borrowing from the fhlb, pledge securities as collateral for borrowing under repurchase agreements, and sell afs securities.
credit ratings assigned by agencies such as moody's, standard and poor's, and fitch impact our access to unsecured wholesale market funds and to large uninsured customer deposits and are presented in the table below.
table 26: credit ratings december 31, 2023
moody's                    standard and                     fitch poor's citizens financial group, inc.:
long-term issuer                             baa1                       bbb+                             bbb+
short-term issuer                            nr                         a-2                              f1
subordinated debt                            baa1                       bbb                              bbb preferred stock                              baa3                       bb+                              bb citizens bank, national association:
long-term issuer                             baa1                       a-                               bbb+
short-term issuer                            nr                         a-2                              f1
long-term deposits                           a1                         nr                               a-
short-term deposits                          p-1                        nr                               f1
nr = not rated we currently have a "stable" outlook at standard & poor's, a "negative" outlook at moody's and a "stable" outlook at fitch. changes in our public credit ratings could affect both the cost and availability of our wholesale funding.
existing and evolving regulatory liquidity requirements represent another key driver of systemic liquidity conditions and liquidity management practices. the frb and occ regularly evaluate our liquidity as part of the overall supervisory process. in addition, we are subject to existing and evolving regulatory liquidity requirements, some of which are subject to further rulemaking, guidance and interpretation by the applicable federal regulators. for further discussion, see the "liquidity requirements" section under "regulation and supervision" in item 1.
liquidity risk management and governance liquidity risk is measured and managed by the funding and liquidity unit within our treasury group in accordance with policy guidelines promulgated by our board and the asset liability committee. the funding and liquidity unit is responsible for maintaining a liquidity management framework that effectively manages liquidity risk. processes within this framework include, but are not limited to, regular and comprehensive reporting, including current levels versus threshold limits for a broad set of liquidity metrics and early warning indicators, explanatory commentary relating to emerging risk trends and, as appropriate, recommended remedial strategies, liquidity stress testing, contingency funding plans, and collateral management.
our funding and liquidity unit's primary goals are to deliver and maintain prudent levels of operating liquidity to support expected and projected funding requirements, contingent liquidity to support unexpected funding requirements resulting from idiosyncratic, systemic, and combination stress events, and regulatory liquidity requirements in a timely manner from stable and cost-efficient funding sources. we seek to accomplish these goals by funding loans with stable deposits, by prudently controlling dependence on wholesale funding, particularly short-term unsecured funding, and by maintaining ample available liquidity, including a contingent liquidity buffer of unencumbered high-quality loans and securities.
citizens financial group, inc. | 59
we maintain a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. the plan identifies members of the liquidity contingency team and provides a framework for management to follow, including notification and escalation of potential liquidity stress events.
in response to the recent u.s. bank failures, the frb established the bank term funding program to make additional funding available to eligible depository institutions to ensure the ability to meet the needs of all depositors. this program was designed to provide another source of liquidity against the par value of high-quality securities, eliminating the need to sell these securities during times of stress. the company is eligible to borrow under this program, which expires in march 2024, based on its existing eligibility for primary credit under the frb discount window. the company has taken steps to support readiness but has not participated in the program through december 31, 2023.
as of december 31, 2023:
organically generated deposits continue to be our primary source of funding, resulting in a consolidated period-end loans-to-deposits ratio, excluding lhfs, of 82.3%;
estimated insured/secured deposits comprise 71% of our consolidated deposit base of $177.3 billion.
our total available liquidity, comprised of contingent liquidity and available discount window capacity, was approximately $78.8 billion;
contingent liquidity was $57.1 billion, consisting of unencumbered high-quality liquid securities of $31.4 billion, unused fhlb capacity of $15.9 billion, and our cash balances at the frb of $9.8 billion; and
available discount window capacity was $21.7 billion, defined as available total borrowing capacity from the frb based on identified collateral, which is primarily secured by non-mortgage commercial and retail loans.
for a summary of our sources and uses of cash by type of activity for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, see the consolidated statements of cash flows in item 8.
the funding and liquidity unit monitors a variety of liquidity and funding metrics and early warning indicators and metrics, including specific risk thresholds limits. these monitoring tools are broadly classified as follows:
current liquidity sources and capacities, including cash balances at the frb, free and liquid securities, and secured borrowing capacity at the fhlb and frb discount window;
liquidity stress sources, including idiosyncratic, systemic and combined stresses, in addition to evolving regulatory requirements; and
current and prospective exposures, including secured and unsecured wholesale funding, and spot and cumulative cash-flow gaps across a variety of horizons.
further, certain of these metrics are monitored individually for cbna and for our consolidated enterprise on a daily basis, including cash position, unencumbered securities, asset liquidity and available fhlb borrowing capacity. in order to identify emerging trends and risks and inform funding decisions, specific metrics are also forecasted over a one-year horizon.
contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, we enter into contractual obligations that may require future cash payments, including customer deposit maturities and withdrawals, debt service, lease obligations and other cash commitments. for more information regarding these obligations, see notes 9, 12 and 13.
off-balance sheet arrangements we engage in a variety of activities that are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets that are generally referred to as "off-balance sheet arrangements." for more information on these types of activities, see note 19.
citizens financial group, inc. | 60
critical accounting estimates our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our audited consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on our audited consolidated financial statements. estimates are made using facts and circumstances known at a point in time. changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. our most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below. see note 1 for further discussion of our significant accounting policies.
allowance for credit losses the acl increased from $2.2 billion at december 31, 2022 to $2.3 billion at december 31, 2023.
our acl as of december 31, 2023 accounts for an economic forecast over our two-year reasonable and supportable period with peak unemployment of approximately 5% and peak-to-trough gdp decline of approximately 0.4%. this forecast reflects a mild recession over the two-year reasonable and supportable period. this compares to our december 31, 2022 forecast which reflected peak unemployment of approximately 6% with a more adverse peak-to-trough gdp decline of approximately 1.4%.
our determination of the acl is sensitive to changes in forecasted macroeconomic conditions during the reasonable and supportable forecast period. to illustrate the sensitivity, we applied a more pessimistic scenario than that described above which reflects deeper real gdp contraction across our two-year reasonable and supportable forecast period, resulting in a 1.7% peak-to-trough decline in real gdp. excluding consideration of qualitative adjustments, this scenario would result in a quantitative lifetime loss estimate of approximately 1.10x our modeled period-end acl, or an increase of approximately $233 million. this analysis relates only to the modeled credit loss estimate and not to the overall period-end acl, which includes qualitative adjustments.
because several quantitative and qualitative factors are considered in determining the acl, this sensitivity analysis does not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the acl or even what the acl would be under these economic circumstances. the sensitivity is intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment and the corresponding impact to modeled loss estimates. the hypothetical determination does not incorporate the impact of management judgment or other qualitative factors that could be applied in the actual estimation of the acl and does not imply any expectation of future deterioration in our loss rates.
it remains difficult to estimate how changes in economic forecasts might affect our acl because such forecasts consider a wide variety of variables and inputs, and changes in the variables and inputs may not occur at the same time or in the same direction, and such changes may have differing impacts by product type. the variables and inputs may be idiosyncratically affected by risks to the economy, including changing monetary and fiscal policies, impacts from the recent stress on the banking industry, and their impact on inflationary trends. changes in one or multiple of the key macroeconomic variables may have a material impact to our estimation of expected credit losses.
for additional information regarding the acl, see note 6.
goodwill the acquisition method of accounting requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded at their fair values. business combinations typically result in goodwill, which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the goodwill has been attributed. we review the goodwill of each reporting unit for impairment on an annual basis as of october 31st or more frequently if events or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist. when assessing goodwill for impairment, a qualitative assessment may be made to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. alternatively, a quantitative assessment may be performed without performing a qualitative assessment. at december 31, 2023, goodwill totaled $8.2 billion, including $6.9 billion from pre-ipo acquisitions, and is assigned to our reporting units as follows: $5.5 billion to commercial banking, including $4.7 billion from pre-ipo acquisitions, and $2.7 billion to consumer banking, including $2.2 billion from pre-ipo acquisitions.
citizens financial group, inc. | 61
the process of evaluating the fair value of a reporting unit is subjective, involving management assumptions and estimates and the use of external or internal valuations. valuation techniques include discounted cash flow and market approach analysis. in the fourth quarter of 2023, the quantitative impairment test estimated the fair value of the reporting units using an equal weighting of an income approach (i.e., discounted cash flows method) and market-based approach (i.e., the guideline public company method). the guideline public company method utilizes comparable public company information and key valuation multiples, and considers a market control premium associated with cost synergies and other cash flow benefits that arise from obtaining control over a reporting unit, and guideline transactions, when applicable.
under the income approach, cash flow projections are based on multi-year financial forecasts developed for each reporting unit that consider key business drivers such as new business initiatives, customer retention standards, market share changes, anticipated loan and deposit growth, fees and expenses, forward interest rates, historical performance, credit performance, and industry and economic trends, among other considerations. the projection of net interest income and noninterest expense are the most significant inputs to the financial projections of the commercial banking and consumer banking reporting units. the long-term earnings growth rate used in determining the terminal value of each reporting unit was 3% as of october 31, 2023, based on management's assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of each reporting unit. discount rates are estimated based on the capital asset pricing model, which considers the risk-free interest rate, market risk premium, beta, and unsystematic risk adjustments specific to a particular reporting unit. the discount rates are also calibrated based on risks related to the projected cash flows of each reporting unit. a discount rate of 13% was utilized for the commercial banking and consumer banking reporting units as of october 31, 2023.
we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2023 as part of our annual impairment assessment. based on this quantitative assessment, we concluded that the estimated fair value of the consumer banking and commercial banking reporting units exceeded their carrying value. the commercial banking reporting unit's fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 10%. circumstances that could negatively impact the future fair value of the commercial banking reporting unit include a sustained decrease in our stock price, decline in industry peer multiples, deterioration in the reporting unit's forecasts, and an increase in the discount rate driven by an increase in the risk-free rate or the risk we may not achieve our forecasted cash flows.
we monitored events and circumstances during the period from october 31, 2023 through december 31, 2023, including macroeconomic and market factors, industry and banking sector events, company-specific performance indicators, a comparison of management's forecast and assumptions to those used in its october 31, 2023 quantitative impairment test, and the sensitivity of the october 31, 2023 quantitative test results to changes in assumptions through december 31, 2023. based on these considerations, management concluded that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of either of its reporting units is below its respective carrying amount as of december 31, 2023.
for additional information regarding goodwill, see note 10.
fair value we asses the fair value of assets and liabilities by applying various valuation methodologies which may involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when active markets do not exist for the items being valued. quoted market prices are used to estimate the fair value of certain assets such as trading assets, investment securities and residential real estate loans held for sale. assumptions are used to estimate the fair value of items for which an observable active market does not exist and include discount rates, rates of return on assets, repayment rates, cash flows, default rates, costs of servicing and liquidation values. the use of different assumptions could produce significantly different fair value estimates, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or fair value disclosures.
we also assess whether there are any declines in fair value below the carrying value of assets that require recognition of a loss in the consolidated statements of operations, including certain investments, capitalized servicing assets, goodwill, and core deposit and other intangible assets.
for additional information regarding our fair value measurements, see note 20.
citizens financial group, inc. | 62
accounting and reporting developments accounting standards issued but not adopted as of december 31, 2023
pronouncement                                         summary of guidance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              effects on financial statements improvements to reportable segment disclosures        requires disclosure of significant segment expenses regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker ("codm")                                                                                                                                                                                                           required effective date: january 1, 2024 for our annual disclosures and january 1, 2025 for our interim disclosures. early adoption is permitted.
issued november 2023                                  requires disclosure of an amount for other segment items by reportable segment and a description of its composition                                                                                                                                                                                                             adoption is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, but is expected to have a meaningful impact on our required disclosures in the business operating segments note to the consolidated financial statements.
requires disclosure of the title and position of the codm improvements to income tax disclosures                requires an annual income tax rate reconciliation table that includes specific categories and other significant categories, disaggregated by nature, that exceed 5% of income tax expense at the statutory tax rate                                                                                                             required effective date: january 1, 2025 for our annual disclosures and january 1, 2026 for our interim disclosures. early adoption is permitted.
issued december 2023                                  requires a qualitative description of the states and local jurisdictions that make up more than 50% of the effect of the state and local income tax category                                                                                                                                                                    adoption is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, but is expected to have a meaningful impact on our required disclosures in the income taxes note to the consolidated financial statements.
requires description of the nature, effect and underlying causes of the reconciling items and the judgment used in categorizing these items
requires annual disclosure of income taxes paid, net of refunds received, disaggregated by federal, state, and foreign taxes, and further disaggregated by individual jurisdictions that exceed 5% of total income taxes paid, net of refunds received
requires disclosure of 1) income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) disaggregated between domestic and foreign, and 2) income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing operations disaggregated by federal, state and foreign
eliminates the requirement to disclose the nature and estimate of the change in unrecognized tax benefits expected in the next twelve months
eliminates the requirement to disclose the cumulative amount of each type of temporary difference when a deferred tax liability is not recognized because of the exceptions to comprehensive recognition of deferred taxes related to subsidiaries and corporate joint ventures accounting for and disclosure of crypto assets        applies to assets that meet the definition of intangible assets, do not provide the asset holder with enforceable rights to goods, services or other assets, reside on a distributed ledger, are secured through cryptography, are fungible, and are not created or issued by the reporting entity or its related parties       required effective date: january 1, 2025, with early adoption permitted.
issued december 2023                                  required to subsequently measure these assets at fair value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     adoption is not expected to have an impact on our consolidated financial statements.
required to present crypto assets measured at fair value separately from other intangible assets and changes from the remeasurement of crypto assets separately from changes in the carrying amounts of other intangible assets citizens financial group, inc. | 63
risk governance we are committed to maintaining a strong, integrated and proactive approach to the management of all risks to which we are exposed in pursuit of our business objectives. a key aspect of our board's responsibility as the main decision-making body is setting our risk appetite to ensure that the levels of risk that we are willing to accept in the attainment of our strategic business and financial objectives are clearly understood.
to enable our board to carry out its objectives, it has delegated authority for risk management activities, as well as governance and oversight of those activities, to a number of board and executive management level risk committees. the executive risk committee, chaired by the chief risk officer, is responsible for oversight of risk across the enterprise and actively considers our inherent material risks, analyzes our overall risk profile and seeks confirmation that the risks are being appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated. reporting to the executive risk committee are the following committees covering specific areas of risk: compliance and operational risk, model risk, credit policy, asset liability, business initiatives review, and conduct and ethics.
risk framework our risk management framework is embedded in our business through a "three lines of defense" model which defines responsibilities and accountabilities for risk management activities.
first line of defense the business lines, including their associated support functions, are the first line of defense and are accountable for identifying, assessing, managing, and controlling the risks associated with the products and services they provide. the business lines are responsible for performing regular risk assessments to identify and assess the material risks that arise in their area of responsibility, complying with relevant risk policies, testing and certifying the adequacy and effectiveness of their operational and financial reporting controls on a regular basis, establishing and documenting operating procedures, and establishing a governance structure for identifying and managing risk.
second line of defense the second line of defense includes independent monitoring and control functions accountable for the development of risk and control frameworks and related policies, and their associated implementation. this centralized risk function is independent from the business and is accountable for overseeing and challenging our business lines on the effective management of their risks, including, but not limited to, credit, market, operational, regulatory, reputational, interest rate, liquidity, legal and strategic risks.
third line of defense our internal audit function is the third line of defense providing independent assurance of the effectiveness of our internal controls, governance practices, and culture so that risk is managed appropriately for the size, complexity, and risk profile of the organization. internal audit has complete and unrestricted access to all of our records, physical properties and personnel. internal audit issues a report following each internal review and provides an audit opinion to the board's audit committee on a quarterly basis.
credit review reports to the chief audit executive and provides the board, senior management and other stakeholders with independent assurance on the quality of credit portfolios and adherence to agreed credit risk appetite and credit policies and processes. in line with its procedures and regulatory expectations, the credit review function undertakes a program of portfolio testing, assessing and reporting through four risk pillars of asset quality, rating and data integrity, risk management and credit risk appetite.
risk appetite risk appetite is a strategic business and risk management tool. we define our risk appetite as the maximum limit of acceptable risk beyond which we could be unable to achieve our strategic objectives and capital adequacy obligations.
citizens financial group, inc. | 64
our principal non-market risks include credit, operational, regulatory, reputational, liquidity and strategic risks. we are also subject to certain market risks which include potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. market risk in our business arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rates, foreign exchange risk and non-trading activities within capital markets. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report on market risk. we actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks. see "market risk" for further information. our risk appetite is reviewed and approved annually by the board risk committee.
credit risk overview credit risk represents the potential for loss arising from a customer, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform in accordance with the contractual terms of the obligation. while the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, we do engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, and trading activities. given the financial impact of credit risk on our earnings and balance sheet, the assessment, approval and management of credit risk represents a major part of our overall risk-management responsibility.
objective the independent credit risk function is responsible for reviewing and approving credit risk appetite across all lines of business and credit products, approving larger and higher-risk credit transactions, monitoring portfolio performance, identifying problem credit exposures, and ensuring remedial management.
organizational structure management and oversight of credit risk is the responsibility of both the business line and the second line of defense. the second line of defense, the independent credit risk function, is led by the chief credit officer who oversees all credit risk and reports to the chief risk officer. the chief credit officer, acting in a manner consistent with board policies, has responsibility for, among other things, the governance process around policies, procedures, risk acceptance criteria, credit risk appetite, limits and authority delegation. the chief credit officer and team also have responsibility for credit approvals for larger and higher-risk transactions and oversight of line of business credit risk activities. reporting to the chief credit officer are the heads of the second line of defense credit functions specializing in: consumer banking, commercial banking, citizens restructuring management, portfolio and corporate reporting, alll analytics, current expected credit loss, and credit policy and administration. each team under these leaders is composed of experienced credit professionals.
governance the primary mechanisms used to govern our credit risk function are our consumer and commercial credit policies. these policies outline the minimum acceptable lending standards that align with our desired risk appetite. material changes in our business model and strategies that identify a need to change our risk appetite or highlight a risk not previously contemplated are identified by the individual committees and presented to the credit policy committee, executive risk committee and the board risk committee for approval, as appropriate.
key management processes we employ a comprehensive and integrated risk control program to proactively identify, measure, monitor, and mitigate existing and emerging credit risks across the credit life cycle including origination, account/portfolio management, and loss mitigation and recovery.
consumer on the consumer banking side of credit risk, our teams use models to evaluate consumer loans across the life cycle of the loan. credit scoring models are used to forecast the probability of default of an applicant at origination. when approving customers for a new loan or extension of an existing credit line, credit scores are used in conjunction with other credit risk variables such as affordability, length of term, collateral value, collateral type, and lien subordination.
citizens financial group, inc. | 65
lending authority is granted by the second line of defense credit risk function to each underwriter to ensure proper oversight of the underwriting teams. the amount of delegated authority depends on the experience of the individual. we periodically evaluate the performance of each underwriter and annually reauthorize their delegated authority. only senior members of the second line of defense credit risk team are authorized to approve significant exceptions to credit policies. it is not uncommon to make exceptions to established policies when compensating factors are present. there are exception limits which, when reached, trigger a comprehensive analysis.
credit scores and collateral values are refreshed at regular intervals once an account is established to allow for proactive identification of increasing or decreasing levels of credit risk. our approach to managing credit risk is highly analytical and, where appropriate, is automated to ensure consistency and efficiency.
commercial on the commercial banking side of credit risk, risk management begins with defined credit products and policies and is separated into commercial and industrial loans, cre and leases. within commercial and industrial loans and leases there are separate verticals established for certain specialty products (e.g., asset-based lending, leasing, franchise finance, health care, technology and mid-corporate). a "specialty vertical" is a stand-alone team of industry or product specialists. substantially all activity that falls under the ambit of the defined industry or product is managed through a specialty vertical when one exists. cre also operates as a specialty vertical.
commercial transactions are subject to individual analysis and approval at origination and, with few exceptions, are subject to a formal annual review requirement. the underwriting process includes the establishment and approval of credit grades that establish the pd and lgd. all material transactions require the approval of both a business line approver and an independent credit approver with the requisite level of delegated authority. the approval level of a particular credit facility is determined by the size of the credit relationship as well as the pd. the checks and balances in the credit process and the independence of the credit approver function are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and to provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. all authority to grant credit is delegated through the independent credit risk function and is closely monitored and updated annually at a minimum.
the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. in addition to the credit analysis conducted during the approval process at origination and annual review, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality of the portfolio and new originations. this group conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans and validate risk ratings, as well as test the consistency of the credit processes and the effectiveness of credit risk management.
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. concentration risk is managed through limits on industry asset class and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary markets, although we do engage in lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe that the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives.
substantially all loans categorized as classified are managed by a specialized group of credit professionals.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. modest market risk arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including the hedging of interest rate and foreign exchange risk. as described below, the market risk arising from our non-trading banking activities, such as the origination of loans and deposit-gathering, is more significant. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. we actively manage market risk for both non-trading and trading activities.
citizens financial group, inc. | 66
non-trading risk our non-trading banking activities expose us to market risk. this market risk is composed of interest rate risk, as we have no commodity risk and de minimis direct currency and equity risk. we also have market risk related to capital markets loan originations, as well as the valuation of our msrs.
interest rate risk interest rate risk emerges from the balance sheet after the aggregation of our assets, liabilities and equity. we refer to this non-trading risk embedded in the balance sheet as "structural interest rate risk" or "interest rate risk in the banking book."
a major source of structural interest rate risk is a difference in the repricing of assets relative to liabilities and equity. there are differences in the timing and drivers of rate changes reflecting the maturity and/or repricing of assets and liabilities. for example, the rate earned on a commercial loan may reprice monthly with changes in the benchmark rate, while the rate paid on debt or certificates of deposit may be fixed for a longer period. there may also be differences in the drivers of rate changes. loans may be tied to a specific index rate such as sofr or prime, while deposits may not be as correlated with such rates and more dependent upon competitive demand. due to these basis differences, net interest income is sensitive to changes in spreads between certain indices or repricing rates.
a primary source of our structural interest rate risk relates to faster repricing of floating-rate loans relative to core deposit funding. this source of asset sensitivity is more biased toward the short end of the yield curve.
the secondary source of our interest rate risk is driven by longer term rates comprising the rollover or reinvestment risk on fixed-rate loans, as well as prepayment risk on mortgage-related loans and securities funded by non-rate sensitive deposits and equity.
another important source of structural interest rate risk relates to the potential exercise of explicit or embedded options. for example, most consumer loans can be prepaid without penalty and most consumer deposits can be withdrawn without penalty. the exercise of such options by customers can exacerbate the timing differences discussed above.
the primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control exposure to interest rate risk within policy limits approved by our board. these limits and guidelines reflect our tolerance for interest rate risk over both short-term and long-term horizons. to ensure that exposure to interest rate risk is managed within our risk appetite, we measure the exposure and hedge it, as necessary. the treasury asset and liability management team is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on our structural interest rate risk position. these exposures are reported on a monthly basis to the asset liability committee and at board meetings.
we measure structural interest rate risk through a variety of metrics intended to quantify both short-term and long-term exposures. the primary method we use to quantify interest rate risk is simulation analysis in which we model net interest income from assets, liabilities and hedge derivative positions under various interest rate scenarios over a three-year horizon. exposure to interest rate risk is reflected in the variation of forecasted net interest income across these scenarios.
key assumptions in this simulation analysis relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, changes in product balances and the behavior of our loan and deposit customers in different rate environments. repricing characteristics and balance fluctuations of deposits with indeterminate (i.e., non-contractual) maturities, as well as the pace of mortgage prepayments are the most significant behavioral assumptions. we utilize product level models that consider specific product characteristics and composition of the deposit portfolio, along with current and forward-looking market dynamics, to project deposit rates. similarly, we employ dynamic prepayment and mortgage rate models to project prepayment behaviors specific to each of our product offerings. these models are developed based on internal performance data over prior interest rate cycles and calibrated to our experience and outlook for rates across a diverse set of market environments. we assess our models and assumptions periodically by running sensitivity analyses to determine the impact of changes to inputs or assumptions on our risk results, which are reported to the asset liability committee.
citizens financial group, inc. | 67
since we cannot predict the future path of interest rates, we use simulation analysis to project net interest income under various interest rate scenarios including a "most likely" (implied forward) scenario, as well as a variety of extreme and unlikely scenarios. these scenarios may assume gradual ramping of the overall level of interest rates, immediate shocks to the level of rates and various yield curve twists in which movements in short- or long-term rates predominate. generally, projected net interest income in any interest rate scenario is compared to net interest income in a base case where market-forward rates are realized.
the table below reports net interest income exposures against a variety of interest rate scenarios. our policies involve measuring exposures as a percentage change in net interest income over the next year due to either instantaneous or gradual parallel changes in rates relative to the market implied forward yield curve. as the following table illustrates, our balance sheet is marginally asset-sensitive; net interest income would benefit from an increase in interest rates, while exposure to a decline in interest rates is within limits established and monitored by senior management. while an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates is included in this analysis, we believe that any actual shift in interest rates would be more gradual and, therefore, have a more modest impact.
the table below presents the sensitivity of net interest income to various parallel yield curve shifts from the market implied forward yield curve:
table 27: sensitivity of net interest income estimated % change in net interest income over 12 months december 31, basis points                                                  2023                                2022
instantaneous change in interest rates
+200                                                       -     %                           4.8     %
+100                                                     0.5                                 2.4
-100                                                   (1.5)                               (2.5)
-200                                                   (3.0)                               (5.6)
gradual change in interest rates
+200                                                     0.4     %                           2.7     %
+100                                                     0.5                                 1.4
-100                                                   (1.0)                               (1.4)
-200                                                   (1.9)                               (3.0)
we continue to manage asset sensitivity within the scope of our policy, changing market conditions and changes in our balance sheet. the company's base case net interest income assumes the forward-rate path implied by the yield curve is realized, which reflects a fed funds rate of 4.25% at the end of 2024, reflecting five 25 basis point reductions beginning in the second quarter of 2024. the rate risk exposure is then measured based on assumed changes from that base case rate path.
as of december 31, 2023, our asset sensitivity has shifted to a more neutral position compared to 2022. this reflects the impacts of changes in our balance sheet mix, including securities, loans, deposits, borrowed funds and ongoing hedge activity, which is primarily comprised of received fixed swaps that offset our naturally asset-sensitive balance sheet. our sensitivity profile exhibits asymmetry for up and down rate scenarios as we expect to see incremental deposit migration to higher rate products in response to rising rate scenarios compared to declining rate scenario.
we use a valuation measure of exposure to structural interest rate risk, eve, as a supplement to net interest income simulations. eve complements net interest income simulation analysis as it estimates risk exposure over a long-term horizon. eve measures the extent to which the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuations in interest rates. this analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. we employ sophisticated models for prepayments and deposit pricing and attrition, which provide a granular view of cash flows based on the unique characteristics of the underlying products and customer segments. the change in value is expressed as a percentage of regulatory capital.
citizens financial group, inc. | 68
we use interest rate contracts as part of our alm strategy to manage exposure to the variability in the interest cash flows on our floating-rate assets and wholesale funding, the variability in the fair value of afs securities, and to hedge market risk on fixed-rate capital markets debt issuances.
the following table presents interest rate derivative contracts that we have entered into as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
table 28: interest rate derivative contracts used to manage non-trading interest rate exposure december 31, 2023                                                                                     december 31, 2022
weighted average                                             weighted average
(dollars in millions)                                             notional amount        maturity (years)        fixed rate   reset rate                                notional amount   maturity (years)             fixed rate   reset rate fair value hedges:
asset conversion swaps:
afs securities:
pay fixed/receive sofr                                             $5,365                     6.2                 3.8   %     5.4         %                                  $-           -                               -   %     -           %
liability conversion swaps:
long-term borrowed funds:
receive fixed/pay 3-month libor                                         -                       -                   -         -                                           1,000                     1.6                 2.7   4.7
receive fixed/pay sofr                                                500                     1.9                 2.6   5.6                                                   -           -                               -         -
total fair value hedges                                             5,865                                                                                                 1,000
cash flow hedges:
asset conversion swaps:
loans:
swaps receive fixed/pay sofr                                             17,780                     0.8                 4.0   5.4                     500                                                 2.7                 3.5   4.3
receive fixed/pay sofr - forward-starting                          31,250                     2.9                 3.3   4.6                                              13,500                     3.2                 3.0   4.5
receive fixed/pay 1-month libor                                         -                       -                   -         -                                          15,250                     3.8                 1.8   4.3
receive fixed/pay 1-month libor - forward-starting                      -                       -                   -         -                                           2,000                     5.2                 2.9   4.9
basis swaps receive sofr/pay 1-month term sofr                                  5,000                     1.0                   -         5.3/5.3                                         -           -                               -         -
receive sofr/pay 1-month term sofr - forward-starting              14,000                     2.7                   -         5.2/5.1                                     7,000                     3.3                   -         4.4/4.4
floor rate   cap rate                                                                                 floor rate   cap rate options interest rate collars(1)                                            1,000                     1.5                 2.5   3.7                                                   -           -                               -         -
interest rate collars - forward-starting(1)                           500                     2.5                 2.7   4.4                                               1,500                     2.8                 2.6   3.9
floor spreads - forward-starting(2)                                 2,500                     2.8                   2.2/3.2   -                                               -           -                               -         -
total cash flow hedges                                             72,030                                                                                                39,750
total hedges                                                      $77,895                                                                                               $40,750
(1) weighted average floor and cap rates represent strike rates through which cfg will receive interest if the sofr rate falls below the floor strike rate and pay interest if the sofr rate exceeds the cap strike rate.
(2) weighted average floor rate represents strike rates for the short and long interest rate floors, respectively. cfg will receive interest if the sofr rate falls below the upper strike rate and pay interest if the sofr rate falls below the lower strike rate, effectively hedging the corridor between the two strike rates. the structure also includes a short cap and a long floor which are utilized to neutralize the initial premium.
citizens financial group, inc. | 69
the following table presents the average active notional amounts for our interest rate derivatives, based on contract effective date, for the next five years:
table 29: average active notional for interest rate derivative contracts year ended
(dollars in millions)                                                        2024                 2025                 2026                 2027            2028
fair value hedges pay fixed/receive sofr(1)                                           $5,365               $5,359               $5,131               $4,275             $4,143
receive fixed/pay sofr(2)                                              500                  441                    -                    -                  -
cash flow hedges receive fixed/pay sofr(2)                                           25,783               30,094               21,900                7,589                210
receive sofr/pay 1-month term sofr                                  12,186               13,052                8,847                1,952                  -
interest rate collars                                                1,260                1,001                  240                    -                  -
floor spreads                                                        1,488                2,500                1,467                  460                  -
total                                                              $46,582              $52,447              $37,585              $14,276             $4,353
weighted average receive fixed rate                                    3.2      %           3.2      %           3.5      %           3.7      %         2.6   %
weighted average pay fixed rate                                        3.8                  3.8                  3.7                  3.7                3.7
(1) pay fixed rate leg of the interest rate derivative contract is included in the computation of the weighted average pay fixed rate.
(2) receive fixed rate leg of the interest rate derivative contract is included in the computation of the weighted average receive fixed rate.
table 30: pre-tax gains (losses) recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and the consolidated statements of comprehensive income on cash flow hedges year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                                     2023                                            2022
amount of pre-tax net gains (losses) recognized in oci                                    ($145)                                                                                          ($1,806)
amount of pre-tax net gains (losses) reclassified from aoci into interest income          (596)                                                                                           (111)
amount of pre-tax net gains (losses) reclassified from aoci into interest expense         -                                                                                               (4)
using the interest rate curve at december 31, 2023, we estimate that approximately $914 million in pre-tax net losses related to cash flow hedge strategies will be reclassified from aoci to net interest income over the next 12 months, including $460 million from terminated swaps. this amount could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations and the addition of other hedges subsequent to december 31, 2023.
libor transition in july 2017, the united kingdom's fca announced that it would no longer require banks to submit libor rates after 2021. on march 5, 2021, the fca formally announced the future cessation of 1-week and 2-month u.s. dollar libor rates as of december 31, 2021, with all other u.s. dollar libor tenors ceasing as of june 30, 2023. in the united states, the alternative reference rates committee, a group of private-market participants convened to help ensure a successful transition away from u.s. dollar libor, identified sofr as its recommended alternative rate.
on march 15, 2022, the adjustable interest rate (libor) act (the "libor act") was signed into law, with the frb adopting its final rule, effective february 27, 2023, to implement the libor act on december 16, 2022. the final rule addresses references to libor in contracts that (i) are governed by u.s. law; (ii) will not mature before june 30, 2023; and (iii) lack fallback provisions providing for a clearly defined and practical replacement for libor. the company assessed the impact of this legislation and applied its provisions accordingly to transition its libor contracts to an alternative rate.
as of june 30, 2023, the company's transition and remediation efforts were complete, with ongoing monitoring for libor-based financial instruments that will transition to alternative rates at their next interest rate reset date.
citizens financial group, inc. | 70
capital markets a key component of our capital markets activities is the underwriting and distribution of corporate credit facilities to finance merger and acquisition transactions for our clients. we have a rigorous risk management process around these activities, including a limit structure capping our underwriting risk, potential loss, and sub-limits for specific asset classes. further, the ability to approve underwriting exposure is delegated only to senior level individuals in the credit risk management and capital markets organizations with each transaction adjudicated in the loan underwriting approval committee.
mortgage servicing rights we have market risk associated with the value of residential msrs, which are impacted by various types of inherent risks, including duration, basis, convexity, volatility and yield curve.
as part of our overall risk management strategy we enter into various free-standing derivatives, such as interest rate swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate futures and forward contracts to purchase mortgage-backed securities to economically hedge the change in fair value of our msrs. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of our msrs was $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, and the total notional amount of related derivative contracts was $15.1 billion and $12.9 billion, respectively. gains and losses on msrs and the related derivatives used for hedging are included in mortgage banking fees in the consolidated statements of operations.
as with our traded market risk-based activities, earnings at risk excludes the impact of msrs. msrs are captured under our single price risk management framework that is used for calculating a management value at risk consistent with the definition used by banking regulators.
trading risk we are exposed to market risk primarily through client facilitation activities including derivatives and foreign exchange products as well as underwriting and market making activities. exposure is created as a result of changes in interest rates and related basis spreads and volatility, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and credit spreads on a select range of interest rates, foreign exchange, commodities, equity securities, corporate bonds and secondary loan instruments. these securities underwriting and trading activities are conducted through cbna and citizens jmp securities, llc.
client facilitation activities consist primarily of interest rate derivatives, financially settled commodity derivatives and foreign exchange contracts where we enter into offsetting trades with a separate counterparty or exchange to manage our market risk exposure. in addition, we operate trading desks covering secondary loans, corporate bonds, and equity securities, with the objective of meeting secondary liquidity needs of our issuing clients' transactions and investor clients. we do not engage in any trading activities to benefit from short-term price differences.
market risk governance the process of setting our market risk limit is established in accordance with the formal enterprise risk appetite process and policy, which reflects the strategic and enterprise level articulation of opportunities for creating franchise value set to the boundaries of how much market risk to assume. dealing authorities represent the key control tool in the management of market risk that allows the cascading of the risk appetite throughout the enterprise. a dealing authority sets the operational scope and tolerances within which a business and/or trading desk is permitted to operate, which is reviewed annually at a minimum. dealing authorities are structured to accommodate client facing trades and hedges needed to manage the risk profile, with responsibility for remaining within established tolerances residing with the business. key risk indicators, including var, open foreign currency positions and single name risk are monitored daily and reported against tolerances consistent with our risk appetite and business strategy to the appropriate business line management and risk counterparts.
market risk measurement we use var as a statistical measure for estimating potential exposure of our traded market risk in normal market conditions. our var framework for risk management and regulatory reporting is the same. risk management var is based on a one-day holding period to a 99% confidence level and regulatory var is based on a ten-day holding period to the same confidence level. in addition to var, non-statistical measurements for measuring risk such as sensitivity analysis, market value and stress testing are employed.
citizens financial group, inc. | 71
our market risk platform and associated market risk and valuation models capture correlation effects across all our "covered positions" and allow for aggregation of market risk across products, risk types, business lines and legal entities. we measure, monitor and report market risk for management and regulatory capital purposes.
var overview the market risk measurement model is based on historical simulation. the var measure estimates the extent of any fair value losses on trading positions that may occur due to broad market movements (general var) such as changes in the level of interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices. it is calculated on the basis that current positions remain relatively unaltered over the course of a given holding period with the assumption that markets are sufficiently liquid to allow the business to close its positions, if required, within this holding period. based on the composition of our "covered positions," we also use a standardized add-on approach for the loan trading and high yield bond desks' specific risk capital, which estimates the extent of any losses that may occur from factors other than broad market movements. the general var approach is expressed in terms of a confidence level over the past 500 trading days. the internal var measure, used as the basis of the main var trading limits, is a 99% confidence level with a one-day holding period, indicating that a loss greater than the var is expected to occur, on average, on only one day in 100 trading days (i.e., 1% of the time). theoretically, there should be a loss event greater than var two to three times per year. the regulatory measure of var is a 99% confidence level with a ten-day holding period. the historical market data applied to calculate the var is updated on a two-business day lag. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" below for details of our ten-day var metrics for the quarters ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
market risk regulatory capital the u.s. banking regulators' "market risk rule" covers the calculation of market risk capital. under this rule all of our client facing trades and associated hedges maintain a net low risk and qualify as "covered positions." the internal management var measure is calculated based on the same population of trades that is utilized for regulatory var.
table 31: results of modeled and non-modeled measures for regulatory capital calculations
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                 for the three months ended december 31, 2023                                                                            for the three months ended december 31, 2022
market risk category                                          period end                  average                               high                  low                             period end                  average                       high                          low interest rate                                                   $3                        $3                                 $5                       $2                                $3                        $2                            $3                            $1
foreign exchange currency rate                                   -                        -                                   2                       -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
credit spread                                                    1         1                                                  2                             1                            2         2                             2                             2
commodity                                                        -                        -                                   -                       -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
general var                                                      4         4                                                  6                             3                            5         3                             5                             2
specific risk var                                                -                        -                                   -                       -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
total var                                                       $4                        $4                                 $6                       $3                                $5                        $3                            $5                            $2
stressed general var                                            $4                        $7                                $14                       $3                               $12                        $10                           $15                           $6
stressed specific risk var                                       -                        -                                   -                       -                                  -                        -                             -                             -
total stressed var                                              $4                        $7                                $14                       $3                               $12                        $10                           $15                           $6
market risk regulatory capital                                 $33                                                                                                                     $39
specific risk not modeled add-on                                17                                                                                                                      20
de minimis exposure add-on                                       1                                                                                                                       -
total market risk regulatory capital                           $51                                                                                                                     $59
market risk-weighted assets                                   $643                                                                                                                    $739
citizens financial group, inc. | 72
stressed var svar is an extension of var and utilizes a longer historical look-back horizon, fixed from january 3, 2005, to identify headline risks from more volatile periods and to provide a counterbalance to var, which may be low during periods of low volatility. the holding period for profit and loss determination is ten days. in addition to its utilization for risk management purposes, svar is a component of market risk regulatory capital. we calculate svar daily under its own dynamic window regime whereby values of the ten-day, 99% var are calculated over all 260-day periods that can be obtained from the complete historical data set. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" above for svar metrics.
sensitivity analysis sensitivity analysis is the measure of exposure to a single risk factor, such as a one basis point change in rates or credit spread. we conduct and monitor sensitivity on interest rates, basis spreads, foreign exchange exposures, option prices and credit spreads. since var is based on previous moves in market risk factors over recent periods, it may not be an accurate predictor of future market moves. sensitivity analysis complements var as it provides an indication of risk relative to each factor irrespective of historical market moves and is an effective tool in evaluating the appropriateness of hedging strategies and concentrations.
stress testing conducting a stress test of a portfolio consists of running risk models with the inclusion of key variables that simulate various historical or hypothetical scenarios. for historical stress tests, profit and loss results are simulated for select time periods corresponding to the most volatile underlying returns, while hypothetical stress tests aim to consider concentration risk, illiquidity under stressed market conditions and risk arising from our trading activities that may not be fully captured by our other risk-measurement methodologies. hypothetical scenarios also assume that market moves occur simultaneously and no repositioning or hedging activity takes place to mitigate losses as market events unfold. stress tests of our trading positions are generated daily.
var model review and validation our market risk measurement models are independently reviewed and subject to ongoing performance analysis by the model owners. this independent review and validation focuses on model methodology, market data and performance and is the responsibility of citizens' model risk management and validation team. this team challenges the assumptions used and quantitative techniques employed, including the theoretical justification supporting them, and performs an assessment of the soundness of the required data over time. the quantitative impact of the major underlying modeling assumptions is estimated (e.g., through developing alternative models), if possible. the market risk models may be periodically enhanced due to changes in market price levels and price action regime behavior. the market risk management and validation team conducts internal validation before a new or changed model element is implemented and before a change is made to market data mapping.
var backtesting backtesting is one form of validation of the var model and is run daily. the market risk rule requires a comparison of our internal var measure to the actual net trading revenue (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, intra-day trading and net interest income) for each day over the preceding year (the most recent 250 business days). any observed loss in excess of the var number is taken as an exception. the level of exceptions determines the multiplication factor used to derive the var and svar-based capital requirement for regulatory reporting purposes, when applicable. we perform sub-portfolio backtesting as required under the market risk rule, using models approved by our banking regulators for interest rate, credit spread and foreign exchange positions.
citizens financial group, inc. | 73
the following graph shows our daily net trading revenue and total internal, modeled var for the year ended december 31, 2023.
citizens financial group, inc. | 74
non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations for more information on the computation of non-gaap financial measures, see "introduction - non-gaap financial measures," included in this report. the following table presents computations of non-gaap financial measures representing our "underlying" results used in the md&a:
table 32: reconciliations of non-gaap measures year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions, except per share data)                                              ref.                  2023                            2022
noninterest income, underlying:
noninterest income (gaap)                                                                 a              $1,983                          $2,009
less: notable items                                                                                           -                            (31)
noninterest income, underlying (non-gaap)                                                 b              $1,983                          $2,040
total revenue, underlying:
total revenue (gaap)                                                                      c              $8,224                          $8,021
less: notable items                                                                                           -                            (31)
total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                      d              $8,224                          $8,052
noninterest expense, underlying:
noninterest expense (gaap)                                                                e              $5,507                          $4,892
less: notable items                                                                       506                                               262
noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                f              $5,001                          $4,630
pre-provision profit:
total revenue (gaap)                                                                      c              $8,224                          $8,021
less: noninterest expense (gaap)                                                          e               5,507                           4,892
pre-provision profit (non-gaap)                                                                          $2,717                          $3,129
pre-provision profit, underlying:
total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                      d              $8,224                          $8,052
less: noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                          f               5,001                           4,630
pre-provision profit, underlying (non-gaap)                                                              $3,223                          $3,422
provision (benefit) for credit losses, underlying:
provision (benefit) for credit losses (gaap)                                                               $687                            $474
less: notable items                                                                                           -                             169
provision (benefit) for credit losses, underlying (non-gaap)                                               $687                            $305
income before income tax expense, underlying:
income before income tax expense (gaap)                                                   g              $2,030                          $2,655
less: income (expense) before income tax expense (benefit) related to notable items                       (506)                           (462)
income before income tax expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                   h              $2,536                          $3,117
income tax expense and effective income tax rate, underlying:
income tax expense (gaap)                                                                 i                $422                            $582
less: income tax expense (benefit) related to notable items                                               (149)                           (110)
income tax expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                 j                $571                            $692
effective income tax rate (gaap)                                                          i/g             20.76    %                      21.93    %
effective income tax rate, underlying (non-gaap)                                          j/h             22.48                           22.19
net income, underlying:
net income (gaap)                                                                         k              $1,608                          $2,073
add: notable items, net of income tax benefit                                             357                                               352
net income, underlying (non-gaap)                                                         l              $1,965                          $2,425
net income available to common stockholders, underlying:
net income available to common stockholders (gaap)                                        m              $1,491                          $1,960
add: notable items, net of income tax benefit                                             357                                               352
net income available to common stockholders, underlying (non-gaap)                        n              $1,848                          $2,312
return on average common equity and return on average common equity, underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                              o             $21,592                         $21,724
return on average common equity                                                           m/o              6.90    %                       9.02    %
return on average common equity, underlying (non-gaap)                                    n/o              8.56                           10.64
citizens financial group, inc. | 75
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions, except per share data)                                                                                           ref.                      2023                                2022
return on average tangible common equity and return on average tangible common equity, underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                                                           o                 $21,592                             $21,724
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                                                              8,184                               7,872
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                                                 177                                                       181
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets (gaap)                                           422                                                       413
average tangible common equity                                                                                                         p                 $13,653                             $14,084
return on average tangible common equity                                                                                               m/p                 10.92    %                          13.91    %
return on average tangible common equity, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                        n/p                 13.53                               16.41
return on average total assets and return on average total assets, underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                                            q                $222,221                            $215,061
return on average total assets                                                                                                         k/q                  0.72    %                           0.96    %
return on average total assets, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                  l/q                  0.88                                1.13
return on average total tangible assets and return on average total tangible assets, underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                                            q                $222,221                            $215,061
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                                                              8,184                               7,872
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                                                 177                                                       181
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets (gaap)                                           422                                                       413
average tangible assets                                                                                                                r                $214,282                            $207,421
return on average total tangible assets                                                                                                k/r                  0.75    %                           1.00    %
return on average total tangible assets, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                         l/r                  0.92                                1.17
efficiency ratio and efficiency ratio, underlying:
efficiency ratio                                                                                                                       e/c                 66.97    %                          60.99    %
efficiency ratio, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                                f/d                 60.81                               57.51
noninterest income as a % of total revenue, underlying:
noninterest income as a % of total revenue                                                                                             a/c                 24.12    %                          25.04    %
noninterest income as a % of total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                      b/d                 24.12                               25.33
operating leverage and operating leverage, underlying:
increase in total revenue                                                                                                              2.53                         %                          20.68    %
increase in noninterest expense                                                                                                        12.58                                                   19.88
operating leverage                                                                                                                                       (10.05)    %                           0.80    %
increase in total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                       2.13                         %                          21.15    %
increase in noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                 8.00                                                    16.46
operating leverage, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                                                                 (5.87)    %                           4.69    %
tangible book value per common share:
common shares - at period end (gaap)                                                                                                   s             466,418,055                         492,282,158
common stockholders' equity (gaap)                                                                                                                       $22,329                             $21,676
less: goodwill (gaap)                                                                                                                                      8,188                               8,173
less: other intangible assets (gaap)                                                                                                   157                                                       197
add: deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets (gaap)                                                   433                                                       422
tangible common equity                                                                                                                 t                 $14,417                             $13,728
tangible book value per common share                                                                                                   t/s                $30.91                              $27.88
net income per average common share - basic and diluted and net income per average common share - basic and diluted, underlying:
average common shares outstanding - basic (gaap)                                                                                       u             475,089,384                         475,959,815
average common shares outstanding - diluted (gaap)                                                                                     v             476,693,148                         477,803,142
net income per average common share - basic (gaap)                                                                                     m/u                 $3.14                               $4.12
net income per average common share - diluted (gaap)                                                                                   m/v                  3.13                                4.10
net income per average common share-basic, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                       n/u                  3.89                                4.86
net income per average common share-diluted, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                     n/v                  3.88                                4.84
citizens financial group, inc. | 76
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions, except per share data)                         ref.                   2023                          2022
dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio, underlying:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                    w                $1.68                         $1.62
dividend payout ratio                                                w/(m/u)             54    %                       39    %
dividend payout ratio, underlying (non-gaap)                         w/(n/u)             43                            33
