item 1a.    risk factors the following discussion describes certain risk factors that we believe could affect our business and prospects. these risk factors are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this report. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. the reader should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties.
business and operational risks our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows may suffer upon the loss, or renewal at less favorable terms, of a significant customer or group purchasing organization.
wba accounted for approximately 26% of our revenue in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023. express scripts accounted for approximately 14% of our revenue in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023. our top ten customers, including governmental agencies, represented approximately 66% of revenue in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023. we have distributor relationships with gpos in multiple distribution segments. we may lose a significant customer or gpo relationship if any existing contract with such customer or gpo expires without being extended, renewed, renegotiated or replaced or is terminated by the customer or gpo prior to expiration, to the extent such early termination is permitted by the contract. a number of our contracts with significant customers or gpos are typically subject to expiration each year and we may lose any of these customers or gpo relationships if we are unable to extend, renew, renegotiate or replace the contracts. the loss of any significant customer or gpo relationship could adversely affect our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. additionally, from time to time, significant contracts may be renewed or modified prior to their expiration date in furtherance of our strategic objectives. if those contracts are renewed or modified at less favorable terms, they may also negatively impact our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows.
the anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with wba may not be realized.
in june 2021, we extended to 2029 our distribution agreement under which we distribute drugs to walgreens pharmacies and our generics purchasing services arrangement under which walgreens boots alliance development gmbh ("wbad") provides a variety of services, including negotiating acquisition pricing with generic manufacturers on our behalf. we also entered into a distribution agreement pursuant to which we will supply branded and generic pharmaceutical products to wba's boots uk ltd. subsidiary through 2031. the processes needed to achieve and maintain the expected cost savings, growth initiatives and efficiencies in sourcing, logistics and distribution associated with our relationship with wba are complex, costly, and time-consuming. achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including: the potential inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits resulting from participation in our generics purchasing services arrangement with wbad, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits due to its inability to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected; potential changes in supplier relationships and terms; unexpected or unforeseen costs, fees, expenses and charges incurred by us related to the transaction or the overall strategic relationship; changes in the economic terms under which we distribute pharmaceuticals to walgreens pharmacies in the united states or to pharmacies operated by boots uk ltd. in the united kingdom, including changes necessitated by changing market conditions or other unforeseen developments that may arise during the term of either distribution agreement, to the extent that any such changes are not offset by other financial benefits that we are able to obtain through collaboration in other aspects of our strategic relationship with wba; and any potential issues that could impede our ability to continue to work collaboratively with wba in an efficient and effective manner in furtherance of the anticipated strategic and financial benefits of the relationship.
sales or pledges of, or related activity for, our common stock by wba could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock wba has the right, but not the obligation, under the transactions contemplated by the framework agreement dated march 18, 2013 and the amended and restated amerisourcebergen shareholders agreement dated june 1, 2021, as further amended on august 2, 2022 (the "shareholders agreement"), to make certain additional investments in our common stock. wba also has the right to sell any of the shares of our common stock that it has acquired so long as wba has held the shares beyond the requisite dates specified in the shareholders agreement, subject to certain restrictions on the number of shares that may be sold at any given time. since may 2022, wba has sold 22.4 million shares of our common stock. in addition, since may 2023, wba has pledged 20.0 million shares of our common stock as collateral upon entering into separate variable pre-paid forward transactions. any sales or pledges of, or related activity for, our common stock by wba could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. we could also encounter unforeseen costs, circumstances, or issues with respect to the transactions and collaboration we anticipate pursuing with wba. many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased benefits and the diversion of management time and attention. if we are unable to achieve any of our objectives, the expected future benefits may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
a disruption in our distribution or generic purchasing services arrangements with wba could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we are the primary distributor of pharmaceutical products for wba in the united states and the united kingdom. if our operations are seriously disrupted for any reason deemed within our control, we may have an obligation to pay or credit wba for failure to supply products. in addition, upon the expiration or termination of our distribution agreement for walgreens pharmacies, our distribution agreement with boots uk ltd. or our generics purchasing services arrangement with wbad, there can be no assurance that we or wba will be willing to renew, on terms favorable to us or at all.
our generic pharmaceutical program has also benefited from the generics purchasing services arrangement with wbad. if the operations of wba are seriously disrupted for any reason, whether by a pandemic, natural disaster, labor disruption, regulatory or governmental action, or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and our sales and profitability. moreover, if the economic benefits we are able to obtain through the generics purchasing services arrangement with wba decline due to changes in market conditions or other changes impacting the fees and rebates that generic manufacturers make available through the arrangement, our margins and results of operations could also be adversely affected.
in addition, our business may be adversely affected by any operational, financial, or regulatory difficulties that wba experiences, including any disruptions of certain of its existing distribution facilities or retail pharmacies resulting from ongoing inspections by the dea and/or state regulatory agencies and possible revocation of the controlled substance registrations for those facilities and pharmacies.
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we undertake acquisitions of or investments in businesses that do not perform as we expect or that are difficult for us to integrate.
as part of our strategy, we seek to pursue acquisitions of and investments in other companies. at any particular time, we may be in various stages of assessment, discussion, and negotiation with regard to one or more potential acquisitions or investments, not all of which will be consummated. we make public disclosure of pending and completed acquisitions when appropriate and required by applicable securities laws and regulations. on january 1, 2023, we acquired pharmalex for $1.473 billion in cash. in june 2023, we and tpg, a global alternative asset management firm, acquired oneoncology, a network of leading oncology practices. we invested $718.4 million (representing 34.9%) in a joint venture formed to acquire oneoncology for approximately $2.1 billion, and tpg acquired the majority interest in the joint venture.
we may find that our ability to integrate alliance healthcare, acquired in 2021, and pharmalex is more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected. in addition, each of alliance healthcare, pharmalex, and oneoncology may fail to achieve its expected future financial and operating performance and results and the transactions may have the effect of disrupting relationships with employees, suppliers, and other business partners.
acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks and uncertainties and may be of businesses or in regions in which we lack operational or market experience. acquired companies may have business practices that we are not accustomed to or have unique terms and conditions with their business partners. as a result of the acquisitions of alliance healthcare and pharmalex and the investment in oneoncology, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: regulatory or compliance issues that could arise; changes in regulations and laws; the failure of the acquired businesses to achieve the results we have projected in either the near or long term; the assumption of unknown liabilities, including litigation risks; the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed not being properly estimated; the difficulties of imposing adequate financial and operating controls on the acquired companies and their management and the potential liabilities that might arise pending the imposition of adequate controls; the difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies; and the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of these acquisitions.
our businesses operate in a number of jurisdictions that have a higher business, operating and regulatory risk profile than the united states and european union jurisdictions. such risks may include risks of violation of united states, united kingdom and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and international trade laws. our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we are not able to put in place effective financial controls and compliance policies to safeguard against such risks as part of our integration of businesses, including alliance healthcare and pharmalex.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to manage and complete divestitures.
we regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine whether an asset or business may no longer help us meet our objectives. when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. further, divestitures may be delayed due to failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or may become more difficult to execute due to conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction. the impact of a divestiture on our results of operations could also be greater than anticipated.
we face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition.
we conduct operations in over 50 countries and, in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023, approximately 10% of our revenue was derived from our international operations, which subjects us to various risks inherent in global operations. we may conduct business in additional foreign jurisdictions in the future, which may carry operational risks in addition to the risks of acquisition described above. at any particular time, our global operations may be affected by local changes in laws, regulations, and political and economic environments, including inflation, recession, currency volatility, and competition, as well as business and operational decisions made by joint venture partners. for example, during fiscal 2023, turkey remained a "highly inflationary economy," as defined under u.s. gaap, which impacted our consolidated financial statements.
furthermore, geopolitical dynamics caused by political, economic, social or other conditions in foreign countries and regions may impact our business and results of operations. during fiscal 2023, we continued to experience increased costs, including for fuel, and it is possible that we could experience supply disruptions or shortages if tariffs or other protective measures are enacted. significantly higher and sustained rates of inflation, with subsequent increases in operational costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response thereto, or any other current or future acts of terrorism, war (such as the ongoing conflicts in ukraine and between israel and hamas), and other events (such as economic sanctions and trade restrictions, including those related to the ongoing russia and ukraine conflict and in the middle east) may cause further disruptions to the economies of the united states and other countries and create further uncertainties or could otherwise negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition.
changes or uncertainty in u.s. policies or policies in other countries and regions in which we do business, including any changes or uncertainty with respect to u.s. or international trade policies or tariffs, also can disrupt our global operations, as well as our customers and suppliers, in a particular location and may require us to spend more money to source certain products or materials that we purchase. any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations.
we might be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
we conduct our business in various currencies, including the u.s. dollar, the euro, the u.k. pound sterling, the turkish lira, the brazilian real, and the canadian dollar. changes in foreign currency exchange rates could reduce our revenues, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our financial results reported in u.s. dollars. we may from time to time enter into foreign currency contracts, foreign currency borrowings or other techniques intended to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exchange rate risks. these hedging activities may not completely offset the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates during the time the hedges are in place. any of these risks might have an adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we are subject to operational and logistical risks that might not be covered by insurance.
we have distribution centers and facilities located in the united states, the united kingdom, the european union and throughout the world. our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and the provision of related services, including cold chain storage and shipping. the volume of cold chain storage and shipping has increased, and we expect this trend to continue. although we seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage, coverage on acceptable terms might be unavailable, coverage might not cover our losses, coverage might be significantly more costly or may require large, self-insured retentions.
additionally, we seek to maintain coverage for risks associated with cybersecurity, but such insurance has become increasingly difficult to secure, comes with increasingly high self-insured retentions and, in some cases, policies may not provide adequate coverage for possible losses. uninsured losses or operational losses that result from large, self-insured retentions under commercial insurance coverage might have an adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we are subject to industry risks that might not be covered by insurance nor indemnification obligations of our contracted parties.
we are exposed to risks inherent to the healthcare industry including the distribution, administration, ancillary services, and related consultation services provided to our customers, providers, or manufacturers of pharmaceutical products. we seek indemnification from vendors of products we distribute and seek to limit liability of our contractual exposure with others, but those contractual provisions may not be enforceable, or the contracted party may not be financially capable of meeting those obligations or adequately protecting us from liability. we seek to insure these exposures through various insurance policies including product liability, professional liability, or cyber liability policies but adverse losses might be uninsured, not have sufficient insurance limits, or have high self-insured retentions that could have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
we might be unable to successfully recruit and retain qualified employees.
our ability to attract, engage, develop and retain qualified and experienced employees, including key executives and other talent, is essential for us to meet our objectives. we compete with many other businesses to attract and retain employees. competition among potential employers might result in increased salaries, benefits or other employee-related costs, or in our failure to recruit and retain employees. we may experience sudden loss of key personnel due to a variety of causes, such as illness, and must adequately plan for succession of key management roles. employees might not successfully transition into new roles. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
additionally, approximately 28% of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, nearly all of whom are employees located outside of the united states. we believe that our relationship with our employees is good but if any of our employees in locations that are unionized should engage in strikes or other such bargaining tactics in connection with the negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements upon the expiration of any existing collective bargaining agreements, such tactics could be disruptive to our operations and adversely affect our results of operations.
industry and economic risks our results of operations could be adversely impacted by manufacturer pricing changes.
our contractual arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers for the purchase of brand pharmaceutical products in the united states generally use wholesale acquisition cost ("wac") as the reference price. we sell brand pharmaceutical products to many of our customers using wac as the reference price and to other customers based on their negotiated contract price. if manufacturers change their pricing policies or practices with regard to wac or if prices charged by manufacturers do not align with prices negotiated to be paid by our customers, and we are unable to negotiate alternative ways to be compensated by manufacturers or customers for the value of our services, our results of operations could be adversely affected. additionally, there are a number of u.s. government policy initiatives being considered which, if enacted, could directly or indirectly regulate or impact wac prices. if such initiatives are passed or finalized and we are unable to negotiate equitable changes with our suppliers and/or customers, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
the pharmaceutical products that we purchase are also subject to price inflation and deflation. additionally, certain distribution service agreements that we have entered into with brand and generic pharmaceutical manufacturers have a price appreciation component to them. as a result, our gross profit from brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals continues to be subject to fluctuation based upon the timing and extent of manufacturer price increases, which we do not control. if the frequency or rate of brand and generic pharmaceutical price increases slows, whether due to regulatory mandates, the implementation of legislative proposals, policy initiatives or voluntary manufacturer actions, our results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, generic pharmaceuticals are also subject to price deflation. if the frequency or rate of generic pharmaceutical price deflation accelerates, the negative impact on our results of operations will be greater.
competition and industry consolidation may erode our profit.
as described in greater detail in the "competition" section, the industries in which we operate are highly competitive. in addition, the healthcare industry continues to experience increasing consolidation, including through the formation of strategic alliances among pharmaceutical manufacturers, retail pharmacies, healthcare providers and health insurers, which may create further competitive pressures on our pharmaceutical distribution business. continued consolidation within the healthcare industry could adversely affect our results of operations, to the extent we experience reduced negotiating power or possible customer losses.
our revenue and results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant customer.
most of our customers buy pharmaceuticals and other products and services from us on credit. credit is made available to customers based upon our assessment and analysis of creditworthiness. although we often try to obtain a security interest in assets and other arrangements intended to protect our credit exposure, we generally are either subordinated to the position of the primary lenders to our customers or substantially unsecured. volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions including elevated interest rates, changes in customer payment terms, and regulatory changes, including changes in reimbursement, may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our customers and their ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to repay their obligations to us as they become due. the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any customer that has a substantial amount owed to us could have a material adverse effect on our operating revenue and results of operations. as of september 30, 2023, our two largest trade receivable balances due from customers represented approximately 38% and 7% of accounts receivable, net.
our results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant supplier.
our relationships with pharmaceutical suppliers give rise to substantial amounts that are due to us from the suppliers, including amounts owed to us for returned goods or defective goods, chargebacks, and amounts due to us for services provided to the suppliers. volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions, pending litigation, and regulatory changes may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our suppliers. the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any supplier at a time when the supplier has a substantial account payable balance due to us could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. furthermore, the bankruptcy, insolvency or other credit failure of a significant supplier could have an adverse effect on the supply or availability of products which may cause supply chain disruptions and increases in the price of substitutes or alternatives.
our stock price and our ability to access credit markets may be adversely affected by financial market volatility and disruption or a downgrade in our credit ratings.
if the capital and credit markets experience significant disruption and volatility in the future, there can be no assurance that we will not experience downward movement in our stock price without regard to our financial condition or results of operations or an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access credit. although we believe that our operating cash flow and existing credit arrangements give us the ability to meet our financing needs, there can be no assurance that disruption and volatility will not increase our costs of borrowing, impair our liquidity, or adversely impact our business.
additionally, rating agencies continually review the ratings they have assigned to us and our outstanding debt securities. to maintain our ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. liabilities related to litigation or any significant related settlements, an increase in our debt or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade or have been assigned a negative outlook, could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt, and would likely increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings.
declining economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations and performance depend on economic conditions in the united states and other countries or regions where we do business. deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, could reduce purchases by our customers, which would negatively affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our profitability. negative trends in the general economy, including interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility, or credit market disruptions, may also affect our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms and reduce discretionary spending on health products. reduced purchases by our customers or changes in payment terms could adversely affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our cash flows from operations. bankruptcies or similar events affecting our customers may cause us to incur bad debt expense at levels higher than historically experienced. declining economic conditions or increases in inflation may also increase our costs. if the economic conditions in the united states or in the countries or regions where we do business deteriorate, our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
litigation and regulatory risks increasing governmental efforts to regulate the pharmaceutical supply chain may increase our costs and reduce our profitability.
the healthcare industry in the united states, as well as in the other countries and regions in which we do business, is highly regulated at many levels of government. there have been increasing efforts in the united states by congress and state and federal agencies, including state boards of pharmacy, departments of health, the fda, dea, and tsa, and by similar regulators in the united kingdom, the european union, and other countries, to regulate the pharmaceutical supply chain. regulation of pharmaceutical distribution is intended to prevent diversion and the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated, and/or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system, as well as provide assurance over the integrity of products traversing the supply chain. consequently, we are subject to the risk of changes in various laws, which include operating, record keeping, and security standards of the dea, the fda, various state boards of pharmacy and comparable agencies. in recent years, some governments have passed or proposed laws and regulations that are intended to protect the safety and security of the supply chain but that also may substantially increase the costs and burden of pharmaceutical distribution.
at the federal level, in the united states, the dscsa establishes national traceability standards requiring drugs to be labeled and tracked at the bottle level, preempts state drug pedigree requirements, and requires all supply-chain stakeholders to participate in an electronic, interoperable prescription drug traceability system by november 2023. in august 2023, however, the fda established a one-year stabilization period to allow trading partners to implement, troubleshoot and mature their electronic interoperable systems. the fda expects trading partners to use this stabilization period, which expires on november 27, 2024, to build and validate interoperable systems and processes, manage products and data, and ensure continuity of the supply chain and product availability to patients. the dscsa also establishes requirements for drug wholesale distributors and third-party logistics providers, including licensing requirements applicable in states that had not previously licensed third-party logistics providers. the fda, and eventually all comparable state agencies, will promulgate implementing regulations governing wholesale distributor and third-party logistics providers. the fda issued a proposed rule on february 4, 2022, which, when finalized, will establish national standards for the licensure of wholesale drug distributors and third-party logistics providers.
failure to comply with the dqsa requirements or with additional similar governmental regulatory and licensing requirements may result in suspension or delay of certain operations and additional costs to bring our facilities into compliance. our international operations may also be subject to local regulations containing record-keeping and other obligations related to our distribution operations in those locations. for example, the safety features of the falsified medicines directive became operational in eu member states in february 2019 and consist of placing a unique identifier (a two-dimensional barcode) and an anti-tampering device on the outer packaging of medicines. pedigree tracking laws increase our compliance burden and our pharmaceutical distribution costs and could have an adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations.
as discussed in the risk factor below about public concern over the abuse of opioid medications, certain governmental and regulatory agencies, as well as state and local jurisdictions, are focused on the abuse of opioid medications in the united states. in addition to conducting investigations and participating in litigation related to the misuse of prescription opioid medications, federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies are considering legislation and regulatory measures to limit opioid prescriptions and more closely monitor product distribution, prescribing, and dispensing of these drugs.
complying with the dqsa requirements, including the dscsa requirements, and other chain of custody and pharmaceutical distribution requirements, including follow-on actions related to current public concern over the abuse of opioid medications, could result in suspension or delays in our production and distribution activities which may increase our costs and could otherwise adversely affect our results of operations.
legal, regulatory, and legislative changes with respect to reimbursement, pricing, and contracting may adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through declining reimbursement rates.
both our business and our customers' businesses may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals and/or medical treatments or services, changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined, or regulating pricing, contracting, and discounting practices with respect to medical products and services. additionally, on occasion, price increases and pricing practices with respect to certain brand and generic pharmaceuticals have been the subject of governmental inquiries, national, federal and state investigations and private litigation. any law or regulation impacting pharmaceutical pricing or reimbursement, such as pricing controls or indexing models at a national, federal or state level, could adversely affect our operations.
in the european union, many governments provide or subsidize healthcare to consumers and regulate pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility and reimbursement levels in order to control government healthcare system costs. in most eu member states, for example, the government regulates pricing of a new pharmaceutical product at launch often through direct price controls, international price comparisons, controlling profits and/or reference pricing. some european governments have implemented or are considering austerity measures to reduce healthcare spending such as volume discounts, cost caps, cost sharing for increases in excess of prior year costs for individual products or aggregated market level spending, outcome-based pricing schemes and free products for a portion of the expected therapy period. all of these measures exert pressure on the pricing and reimbursement levels for pharmaceuticals and may cause our customers to purchase fewer of our products and services or influence us to reduce prices.
in the united states, federal insurance and healthcare reform legislation known as the affordable care act ("aca") became law in march 2010, and included numerous reforms broadening healthcare access and affecting medicare and medicaid reimbursement, pricing, and contracting for prescription drugs, including changes to the medicaid rebate statute. we cannot predict the impact that any efforts to change or repeal any provisions of the aca may have on the aca or other healthcare legislation and regulation.
subsequent legislation has made additional changes to federal drug payment and pricing policies, including the bipartisan budget act of 2018, which increased the medicaid rebate due with respect to line extensions of single source or innovator multiple source oral solid dosage form drugs. the federal government and state governments could take other actions in the future that impact medicaid reimbursement and rebate amounts or the cost of drugs. any reduction in the medicaid reimbursement rates to our customers or changes affecting manufacturer rebate liabilities may indirectly impact the prices that we can charge our customers for multiple source pharmaceuticals or our distribution relationships and cause corresponding declines in our profitability. there can be no assurance that recent or future changes in medicaid prescription drug reimbursement policies will not have an adverse impact on our business. among other things, the removal of the ceiling on manufacturer medicaid rebate amounts, effective january 1, 2024, may lead to wac price reductions for certain products. in addition, the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") has proposed a rule to amend the medicaid rebate program that could increase manufacturer rebate liabilities based on our pricing relationships with them. in addition, the proposed rule would establish a 'price verification survey' mechanism which cms may use to seek additional medicaid rebates from manufacturers, which in turn could increase pricing pressures. unless we are able to successfully advocate to prevent or mitigate the impact of these legislative and regulatory changes, these changes in reimbursement and related reporting requirements could adversely affect our results of operations.
also, on august 16, 2022, president biden signed into law the inflation reduction act ("ira"), an omnibus budget law which contains significant reforms affecting prescription drug pricing and reimbursement. these reforms include: (i) manufacturer inflation rebates on drugs covered under medicare part b and medicare part d, to the extent such products' prices increase faster than the rate of consumer price inflation, which took effect in the fourth quarter of 2022 for part d drugs and the first quarter of 2023 for part b drugs; (ii) limits on medicare part b and part d patients' cost sharing for insulin, beginning in 2023; (iii) medicare part d benefit redesign beginning in 2024, including replacement of the "coverage gap discounts" that pharmaceutical manufacturers currently pay with new mandatory manufacturer discounts applicable during all phases of the part d benefit after satisfaction of the deductible, beginning in 2025; and (iv) federal price negotiation of "maximum fair prices" for certain "selected" high-expenditure drugs under medicare parts d and b, applicable beginning in 2026 for part d drugs and 2028 for part b drugs, under which maximum fair prices must be made available to pharmacies, physicians, and other entities dispensing or providing drugs covered under medicare parts d and b. although the primary effects of the ira reforms will be felt by manufacturers, these changes may impact our customer pricing structures, our manufacturer distribution relationships and revenue, our customers' billing processes and reimbursement amounts, the market shares of competing products, and drug prices more generally (including outside of the medicare context). among other issues, the mechanisms by which maximum fair prices will be made available to pharmacies, physicians and other purchasers of selected drugs, and our associated role and responsibilities, remain to be determined. more broadly, the law contains reimbursement and pricing incentives designed to promote biosimilar introduction and competition which may affect our customers' selection of products. each of these considerations, as well as other issues that may arise in connection with the implementation of the ira, may adversely affect our operations and profitability. in addition, at least eight federal lawsuits have been filed by manufacturers seeking to invalidate the negotiated drug pricing features of the ira. the uncertainties associated with the litigation may likewise create disruption with respect to both implementation of the law and pricing practices.
our businesses also sell specialty and other drugs to physicians, hospitals, community oncology practices and other providers that are reimbursed under part b of the medicare program. the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") published a final rule in november 2017 that reduces medicare outpatient hospital reimbursement for separately payable drugs (other than vaccines) purchased through the 340b drug discount program from average sales price ("asp") plus 6% to asp minus 22.5% (with certain exceptions), effective january 2018. subsequently, cms issued proposed rules for later years containing similar reductions in hospital outpatient payments for 340b drugs. in june 2022, the united states supreme court ruled in american hospital association v. becerra that cms's final rule was inconsistent with the medicare statute and was therefore invalid. following the supreme court's decision, cms published a final rule for the calendar year 2023 hospital outpatient payment system, which discontinued the payment reductions prospectively, and indicated that a separate rulemaking would be undertaken to address retrospective remedies. in july 2023, cms published a proposed retrospective refund rule under which it has proposed to make lump-sum refund payments totaling approximately $9 billion to affected 340b hospitals in late 2023 and early 2024, and to maintain required budget neutrality for the hospital outpatient payment system as a whole, to reduce medicare payments to all hospitals for other hospital outpatient services by 0.5% for calendar years 2025-2040. while these actions (if implemented by cms) remove the reimbursement restrictions for 340b products affecting our customers and indirectly the company, there can be no assurance that the corresponding offsets, or other recent or future rules established by cms will not have an adverse impact on our business.
further, even where a government does not affirmatively change drug price regulation standards, other parties in the drug manufacturing and distribution system may change their interpretation or approach to implementing or complying with those standards, in a manner that may adversely affect our business. for example, the 340b drug discount program requires manufacturers to provide discounts on outpatient drugs to "covered entity" safety net providers, and previous health resources and services administration ("hrsa") guidance has allowed covered entities to dispense 340b discounted drugs through arrangements with multiple "contract pharmacies." recently, several manufacturers have announced initiatives that may inhibit or limit covered entities' ability to use any, or multiple, contract pharmacies, may place conditions on the use of contract pharmacies, or direct us not to honor 340b discounted pricing requests on orders to be shipped to contract pharmacies (or may not honor chargebacks where such discounts are extended to contract pharmacies). since these manufacturer policies were first announced, both manufacturers and covered entities have filed lawsuits against hrsa regarding the contract pharmacy policy, which are currently pending, in several federal district and appellate courts, and hrsa has also advised certain manufacturers that it was referring their policies to the office of inspector general of the department of health and human services for potential civil money penalty enforcement proceedings. in one such lawsuit, a federal appeals court upheld the manufacturer's restrictions, but we cannot predict the outcome of the remainder of these proceedings. however, several states have enacted legislative proposals that would restrict such manufacturer policies, and these new laws are likewise the subject of ongoing litigation. our customers include covered entities and organizations with significant participation as contract pharmacies, and the unavailability of 340b discounts through contract pharmacy arrangements may adversely affect such customers and, therefore, could adversely affect our business.
the federal government may adopt measures in the future that would further reduce medicare and/or medicaid spending or impose additional requirements on healthcare entities. any future reductions in medicare reimbursement rates or modifications to medicare drug pricing regulations such as asp calculations, or the extension of ira pricing reforms to commercial health plans, could negatively impact our customers' businesses and their ability to continue to purchase such drugs from us, or could indirectly affect the structure of our relationships with manufacturers and our customers. at this time, we can provide no assurances that future medicare, medicaid or other insurance payment or policy changes, if adopted, would not have a material adverse effect on our business.
finally, federal and state governments may adopt policies affecting drug pricing and contracting practices outside of the context of federal programs such as medicare and medicaid, which may adversely affect our business. for example, several states have adopted laws that require drug manufacturers to provide advance notice of certain price increases and to report information relating to those price increases, while others have taken legislative or administrative action to establish prescription drug affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. in addition, various proposals have been advanced to permit the importation of drugs from other countries to provide lower cost alternatives to the products available in the united states. a prime example is the safe importation action plan ("sip") that was released by hhs and the fda on july 31, 2019, and that outlines two potential pathways to allow importation of certain drugs from foreign markets. following the sip framework, the fda has since issued a final rule that would allow importation of certain lower-cost prescription drugs from canada. under the rule, states or certain other non-federal governmental entities would be able to submit importation program proposals to the fda for review and authorization of two-year programs (with the opportunity to extend for two more years). the rule became effective on november 30, 2020, although its implementation has been delayed and its impact is uncertain, in part because lawsuits have been filed challenging the government's authority to promulgate it. further, authorities in canada have passed rules designed to safeguard the canadian drug supply from shortages. despite the ongoing litigation, on july 9, 2021, president biden signed an executive order pertaining to drug pricing that directs the commissioner of the fda to work with states and indian tribes to facilitate the commercial importation of certain prescription drugs from canada. if implemented, importation of drugs from canada may materially and adversely affect our business. the regulatory and market implications of the final rule and guidance are unknown at this time. proponents of drug reimportation may attempt to pass legislation that would directly allow reimportation under certain circumstances. legislation or regulations allowing the reimportation of drugs, if enacted, could decrease the price we receive for products and adversely affect our future revenues and prospects for profitability.
there can be no assurances that future changes to drug reimbursement policies, drug pricing and contracting practices outside of federal healthcare programs, or to government drug price regulation programs such as the medicaid rebate, asp, or 340b program will not have an adverse impact on our business.
if we fail to comply with laws and regulations in respect of healthcare fraud and abuse, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations.
we are subject to extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud and abuse. the u.s. federal government continues to strengthen its scrutiny of practices potentially involving healthcare fraud affecting medicare, medicaid and other government healthcare programs. our relationships with healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse which, among other things, (i) prohibit persons from soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration in order to induce the referral of a patient for treatment or the ordering or purchasing of items or services that are in any way paid for by medicare, medicaid or other government-sponsored healthcare programs and (ii) impose a number of restrictions upon referring physicians and providers of designated health services under medicare and medicaid programs. legislative provisions relating to healthcare fraud and abuse give federal enforcement personnel substantially increased funding, powers and remedies to pursue suspected fraud and abuse, and these enforcement authorities were further expanded by the aca. many states have enacted similar statutes which are not necessarily limited to items and services for which payment is made by federal healthcare programs. while we believe that we are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, many of the regulations applicable to us, including those relating to certain incentives offered in connection with sales of pharmaceutical products and related services, are vague or indefinite, and have not been interpreted by the courts. they may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in medicare, medicaid, and other federal, state, or governmental healthcare programs.
our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected by legal proceedings.
due to the nature of our operations, which we conduct through a variety of businesses, including the distribution of pharmaceuticals, the dispensing of healthcare products, and the provision of services to the pharmaceutical industry, each of our businesses may cause us to become involved in government investigations, legal disputes or proceedings. these investigations, disputes or proceedings have involved or may involve healthcare fraud and abuse, the false claims act, antitrust, class action, commercial, employment, environmental, intellectual property, licensing, public disclosures and various other claims, including claims related to opioid medications as discussed in the risk factor below. the company's board of directors and/or management team may also be the subject of derivative litigation, which can require significant time, attention and resources to resolve.
litigation is inherently unpredictable and the unfavorable outcome of legal proceedings could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. litigation is costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to ordinary business operations. the defense and resolution of these current and future proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. violations of various laws, including with respect to the marketing, sale, purchase, and dispensing of pharmaceutical products and the provision of services to the pharmaceutical industry, can result in criminal, civil, and administrative liability for which there can be significant financial damages, criminal and civil penalties, and possible exclusion from participation in federal and state health programs. any settlement, judgment or fine could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
statutory and/or regulatory violations could also form the basis for qui tam complaints. the qui tam provisions of the federal and various state civil false claims acts authorize a private person, known as a relator, to file civil actions under these statutes on behalf of the federal and state governments. under false claims acts, the filing of a qui tam complaint by a relator imposes obligations on government authorities to investigate the allegations and determine whether or not to intervene in the action. such cases may involve allegations around the marketing, sale, purchase, and/or dispensing of brand and/or generic pharmaceutical products or the provision of services to the pharmaceutical industry. such complaints are filed under seal and remain sealed until the applicable court orders otherwise. our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if qui tam complaints are filed against us for alleged violations of any health laws and regulations and damages arising from resultant false claims, if the litigation proceeds whether or not government authorities decide to intervene in any such matters, and/or if we are found liable for all or any portion of violations alleged in any such matters.
in fiscal 2018, we resolved potential civil claims and administrative action by entering into, among other things, a corporate integrity agreement with the office of inspector general of the u.s. department of health and human services. the corporate integrity agreement has a scheduled five-year term and requires formal approval by the office of inspector general prior to terminating. failure to comply with obligations under the corporate integrity agreement could lead to monetary or other penalties.
opioid-related legal proceedings and the distributor settlement agreement that we have entered into could adversely impact our cash flows or results of operations.
on july 21, 2021, we announced that we and the two other national pharmaceutical distributors had negotiated a distributor settlement agreement that, if all conditions were satisfied, would result in the resolution of a substantial majority of opioid lawsuits filed by state and local governmental entities. on april 2, 2022, the distributor settlement agreement became effective, and as of september 30, 2023, it included 48 of 49 eligible states (the "settling states"), as well as 99% by population of the eligible political subdivisions in the settling states. pursuant to the distributor settlement agreement and related agreements with settling states, we will pay up to approximately $6.4 billion over 18 years and comply with other requirements, including establishment of a clearinghouse that will consolidate data from all three national distributors. the distributor settlement agreement does not contemplate participation by any non-governmental or non-political entities or individuals.
our accrued litigation liability related to the distributor settlement agreement, including an estimate for the state of alabama and non-participating government subdivisions (with whom we have not reached a settlement agreement), as well as other opioid-related litigation for which we have reached settlement agreements was $5.5 billion as of september 30, 2023. we currently estimate that $407.5 million will be paid prior to september 30, 2024, which is recorded in accrued expenses and other on our consolidated balance sheet. the remaining long-term liability of $5.1 billion is recorded in accrued litigation liability on our consolidated balance sheet. while we have accrued an estimated liability for opioid litigation, we are unable to estimate the range of possible loss associated with the matters that are not included in the settlement accrual. because loss contingencies are inherently unpredictable and unfavorable developments or resolutions can occur, the assessment is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events, and the amount of ultimate loss may differ materially from the amount accrued to date. until such time as otherwise resolved, we will continue to litigate and prepare for trial and to vigorously defend all such matters. since these matters are still developing, we are unable to predict the outcome, but the result of these lawsuits could include excessive monetary verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may affect our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows and could result in a lower than historical level of capital available for deployment, including a lower level of capital returned to stockholders. further details on the settlement agreement and opioid litigation are provided in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
public concern over the abuse of opioid medications, including increased legal and regulatory action, could negatively affect our business.
certain governmental and regulatory agencies, as well as state and local jurisdictions, are focused on the abuse of opioid medications in the united states. federal, state and local governmental and regulatory agencies are conducting investigations of us and others in the pharmaceutical supply chain, including pharmaceutical manufacturers, national retail pharmacy chains, independent pharmacies, prescribers, and other pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, regarding the manufacture, dispensing, and distribution of opioid medications. in addition, a significant number of lawsuits have been filed against us, other pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, and others in the pharmaceutical supply chain by state and local governmental entities and other plaintiffs for claims related to the company's distribution of opioid medications. these lawsuits allege, among other claims, that we failed to provide effective controls and procedures to guard against the diversion of controlled substances, acted negligently by distributing controlled substances to pharmacies that serve individuals who abuse controlled substances, and failed to report suspicious orders of controlled substances in accordance with regulations. additional governmental and regulatory entities have indicated an intent to sue and may conduct investigations of us in the future, and lawsuits could be brought against the company by other plaintiffs under other theories related to opioid abuse. we are deeply committed to diversion control efforts, have sophisticated systems to identify orders placed warranting further review to determine if they are suspicious (including through the use of data analytics), and engage in due diligence and ongoing monitoring of customers. we are also being sued by private plaintiffs, such as unions, other health and welfare funds, hospital systems, third party payors, other healthcare providers and individuals alleging personal injury for the same activities, and continue to be named as a defendant in additional opioid-related lawsuits.
in april 2022, the distributor settlement agreement described above, which settles the vast majority of opioid-related lawsuits filed against us by state and local governmental entities, became effective. the distributor settlement agreement includes a cash component, pursuant to which we will pay up to approximately $6.4 billion over 18 years. the distributor settlement agreement also includes injunctive relief terms relating to distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs. a monitor will oversee compliance with these provisions for a period of five years. in addition, the distributors will engage a third-party vendor to act as a clearinghouse for data aggregation and reporting, which the distributors will fund for ten years. it is possible that the implementation and maintenance of the required changes to distributors' controlled substance anti-diversion programs may result in unforeseen costs or operational challenges which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or performance.
legislative, regulatory or industry measures to address the misuse of prescription opioid medications may also affect our business in ways that we are not be able to predict. certain jurisdictions have enacted, and others are considering, legislation that could require entities to pay an assessment or tax on the sale or distribution of opioid medications in those states. if additional state or local jurisdictions enact legislation that taxes or assesses the sale or distribution of opioid medications and we are not able to mitigate the impact on our business through operational changes or commercial arrangements where permitted, such legislation in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
ongoing unfavorable publicity regarding the abuse or misuse of prescription opioid pain medications and the role of wholesale distributors in the supply chain of such prescription medications, as well as the continued proliferation of opioid lawsuits, investigations, regulations and legislative actions, and unfavorable publicity in relation to those lawsuits could continue to have a material adverse effect on our reputation or results of operations.
tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the u.s. federal, state and local governments, and various foreign jurisdictions. from time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions and/or our tax liabilities. in august 2022, the u.s. inflation reduction act of 2022 was signed into law. this law, among other things, provides for a corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income and an excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. we are continuing to evaluate the impact this law may have on our financial position and results of operations. in addition, there are several proposed changes to u.s. and non-u.s. tax legislation, which if enacted, could have a negative impact on our effective tax rate. foreign governments may enact tax laws that could result in further changes to global taxation that could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. these examinations may result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities, which may harm our future financial results.
an increasing number of states and foreign jurisdictions have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new taxes on all or a portion of gross revenue or other similar amounts or impose additional obligations to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar taxes. we may not have sufficient lead time to build systems and processes to collect these taxes properly, or at all. failure to comply with such laws or administrative practices, or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions requiring us to collect taxes where we do not, could result in material tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest.
there can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives both within the united states and other foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. in addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. while we believe that our historical tax positions are consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and existing precedent, there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge.
due to the potential for changes to tax laws and regulations or changes to the interpretation thereof, the ambiguity of tax laws and regulations, the subjectivity of factual interpretations, the complexity of our business and intercompany arrangements, uncertainties regarding the geographic mix of earnings in any particular period, and other factors, material adjustments to our tax estimates may impact our provision for income taxes and our earnings per share, as well as our cash flows.
violations of anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and/or international trade laws to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations.
we are subject to laws concerning our business operations and marketing activities in foreign countries where we conduct business. for example, we are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), u.s. export control and trade sanction laws, and similar anti-corruption and international trade laws in certain foreign countries, such as the u.k. bribery act, any violation of which could create substantial liability for us and also cause a loss of reputation in the market. we may also have substantial liability if a third party acting on our behalf or on the behalf of our subsidiaries (including our joint venture partners) is in violation of these laws. the fcpa generally prohibits u.s. companies and their officers, directors, employees, and intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. the fcpa also requires that u.s. public companies maintain books and records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. if we are found to have violated the fcpa, we may face sanctions including civil and criminal fines, disgorgement of profits, and suspension or debarment of our ability to contract with government agencies or receive export licenses. we have business operations in many countries worldwide, including in brazil and turkey, and other countries that are considered to have business environments with higher risk of conduct that could give rise to potential violations and liabilities. from time to time, we may face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our international business activities, compliance with which could be costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines or other penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations.
our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business.
given the nature of our business, we, together with third parties acting on our behalf, receive, collect, process, use, and retain sensitive and confidential customer and employee data, in addition to proprietary business information. some of our third-party service providers, such as identity verification and payment processing providers, also regularly have access to customer data. additionally, we maintain other confidential, proprietary, or otherwise sensitive information relating to our business and from third parties.
global privacy, cybersecurity and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive, and complex. compliance with these laws and regulations is difficult and costly. the interpretation and application of these laws in some instances is uncertain, and our legal and regulatory obligations are subject to frequent changes. we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy regulations both in the united states and beyond that regulate the collection, use, security, processing, and transfer of personal data, including particularly the transfer of personal data between or among countries. many of these regulations also grant rights to individuals. many foreign data privacy regulations (including, without limitation, gdpr in the european union, uk gdpr, brazil's general data protection law, "lgpd," and the personal information protection and electronic documents act in canada) and certain state laws and regulations (including california's ccpa and recently enacted consumer privacy laws in colorado, connecticut, utah, and virginia) impose requirements beyond those enacted under united states federal law including, in some instances, private rights of action. for example, the eu gdpr imposes more stringent data protection requirements, including a broader scope of protected data, restrictions on cross-border transfers of personal data and more onerous breach reporting requirements, and the eu gdpr imposes greater penalties for non-compliance than the federal data protection laws in the united states. other states and countries continue to enact similar legislation. we are also required to comply with expanding and increasingly complex cybersecurity regulations in the united states and abroad with respect to reporting adverse events and additional requirements for avoiding or responding to an adverse event. we may also face audits or investigations by domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines or other penalties. we also have contractual obligations to our customers related to the protection of personal data and compliance with privacy laws.
a party who is able to compromise the security measures of our networks, or those of our third-party service providers, could misappropriate either proprietary business information or the personal information of our customers or employees. any actual or perceived breach of confidential information could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs.
the foregoing or other circumstances related to our collection, use, and transfer of personal data could cause a loss of reputation in the market and/or adversely affect our business and financial position.
other risks the loss or disruption of information systems could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. we continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, those relating to our acquisition of alliance healthcare and pharmalex. to the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, or to the extent there are data center interruptions or outages, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. our business and results of operations may also be adversely affected if a third-party service provider does not perform satisfactorily, or if the information systems are interrupted or damaged by unforeseen events, including due to the actions of third parties.
information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of cloud-based infrastructure and other services, new technologies, and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. security incidents such as ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, as well as increasingly difficult to detect. these risks have increased with the growth of our business, including as we integrate the information systems of acquired businesses, such as alliance healthcare, into our enterprise.
in addition, security incidents may disrupt our businesses and require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of information systems. we, and our third-party service providers, have experienced cyberattacks. for example, in march 2023, one of our foreign business units experienced a cybersecurity event that resulted in the unavailability of certain data stored on a standalone legacy information technology platform and disrupted operations of the company's foreign business unit in that country. although the prior incidents did not have a material impact on us, either individually or in the aggregate, similar incidents or events in the future may materially impact our business, reputation or financial results.
security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent actions by our employees, third-party service providers or their personnel or other parties. a failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, cause loss of customers or revenue, increase our costs, result in litigation and/or regulatory action, and/or cause other losses, any of which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. we also cannot anticipate, detect, or implement fully effective preventative measures against all cybersecurity threats, particularly because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. for example, as artificial intelligence ("ai") continues to evolve, cyber-attackers could also use ai to develop malicious code and sophisticated phishing attempts. as a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. although we believe that we have robust information security procedures, controls and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.
our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
we believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation is critical to our ability to expand and retain our customer base, strategic partnerships and other key relationships. any negative publicity about us or the industry in which we operate may adversely impact our business and operations. furthermore, failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, accounting, or environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions, including litigation. negative claims or publicity, including those made on social media, also could adversely affect our reputation and business, regardless of whether such claims are accurate.
our reputation may also depend on the success of our environmental, social and governance ("esg") initiatives, inclusive of sustainability, social impact and corporate responsibility, which require company-wide coordination and alignment. risks associated with these initiatives include increased focus on esg targets, goals and disclosure, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, increased costs associated with sustainability efforts, and compliance with laws and regulations. all of the foregoing could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. any esg or sustainability metrics that we currently or may in the future disclose, whether based on the standards we set for ourselves or those set by others, may influence our reputation and the value of our brands. there is also increased focus, including by investors, customers, and other stakeholders, on esg matters, including the use of materials, climate change, waste generation, supply chain, human capital, health equity and worker safety. our reputation could be damaged if we do not, or are perceived to not, act responsibly with respect to sustainability matters, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
our intellectual property rights may not provide meaningful commercial protection for our services, solutions, or brands.
we rely on trade secret, trademark, patent, and copyright laws, nondisclosure obligations, and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our proprietary rights in our services, solutions, and brands. we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, and we might initiate costly and time-consuming litigation or other proceedings to protect our trade secrets, to enforce our intellectual property rights, and/or to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. our competitors might develop non-infringing services and solutions equivalent or superior to ours. our intellectual property protection efforts might be inadequate to protect our rights or prevent third-party claims of infringement. in addition, the laws of some non-u.s. jurisdictions, particularly those of certain emerging markets, may provide less protection for our proprietary rights than the laws of the u.s. and present greater risks of infringement. as we expand our services in various markets, we may not be able to secure intellectual property protection, including trademark protection, in some markets or categories of products or services. to the extent we cannot protect our intellectual property, unauthorized use and misuse of our intellectual property could harm our competitive position and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
we face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics.
we face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including risks related to any responses thereto by the federal, state or foreign governments as well as customers and suppliers. a pandemic could adversely affect our operations, supply chains and distribution network, and we could experience and expect prolonged unpredictable reductions in supply and demand for certain of our products and services similar to those experienced during the covid-19 pandemic. further, it is possible that the manufacturers that produce the products that we distribute may experience delays or shutdowns similar to those experienced during the covid-19 pandemic, including disruptions in their supply chains or in a suspension of production at their own facilities. the implementation of any government-mandated vaccination or testing mandates may impact our ability to retain current employees and attract new employees. any extended disruption in our ability to service our customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows.
our goodwill or long-lived assets may become impaired, which may require us to record a significant charge to earnings in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") require us to test our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant negative industry or economic trends, including rising interest rates, or a significant decline in our stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. in addition, we periodically review our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable include slower growth rates, the loss of a significant customer, or divestiture of a business or asset for below its carrying value. the testing required by gaap involves estimates and judgments by management.
we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or long-lived assets is determined. any such charge could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
natural disasters or other unexpected events, including those related to climate change, may disrupt our operations, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and may not be covered by insurance.
we continue to focus on strategies and systems, such as reducing greenhouse gas emissions and packaging waste, to address climate change. however, we face climate and environmental risks and the occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, drought, storms, sea level rise, floods, and other severe hazards or accidents in the united states, the united kingdom, the european union or in other countries or regions in which we operate could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. extreme weather, natural disasters, power outages, or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of distribution centers or outsourcing facilities, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products, delay in the delivery of products to our distribution centers, and/or disruption of our ability to deliver products to customers. current or future insurance arrangements may not provide protection for costs that may arise from such events, particularly if such events are catastrophic in nature or occur in combination. further, the long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmaceutical distribution industry in particular are unclear, and changes in the supply, demand, or available sources of energy and the regulatory and other costs associated with energy production and delivery may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our businesses. any long-term disruption in our ability to service our customers from one or more distribution centers or outsourcing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws ("bylaws") could limit our stockholders' ability to choose their preferred judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
our bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company; (ii) action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer or other employee or agent of the company to the company or the company's stockholders; (iii) action asserting a claim against the company or any director or officer or other employee or agent of the company arising pursuant to any provision of the delaware general corporation law ("dgcl"), or the company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (iv) action asserting a claim related to or involving the company or any current or former director or officer or other employee or agent of the company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the state of delaware shall, in each case, be the delaware court of chancery located within the state of delaware (or, if the delaware court of chancery located within the state of delaware lacks jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the state of delaware). additionally, our bylaws provide that unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the united states of america shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the securities act of 1933, as amended ("securities act").
the choice of forum provisions may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the company or the company's directors, officers and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the choice-of-forum provisions contained in the company's bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. the exclusive forum provisions in the company's bylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws, including the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or the securities act, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained herein.
we are one of the largest global pharmaceutical sourcing and distribution services companies, helping both healthcare providers and pharmaceutical and biotech manufacturers improve patient access to products and enhance patient care. we deliver innovative programs and services designed to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the pharmaceutical supply chain in both human and animal health.
we are organized geographically based upon the products and services we provide to our customers, and we report our results under two reportable segments: u.s. healthcare solutions and international healthcare solutions.
on august 30, 2023, we changed our name to cencora, inc. our new name better reflects our bold vision and purpose-driven approach to creating healthier futures. the new name represents a unified presence that will continue to fuel our ongoing growth strategy and advance our impact across healthcare.
u.s. healthcare solutions segment the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment distributes a comprehensive offering of brand-name, specialty brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related services to a wide variety of healthcare providers, including acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care and alternate site pharmacies, and other customers. the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment also provides pharmaceutical distribution (including plasma and other blood products, injectable pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and other specialty pharmaceutical products) and additional services to physicians who specialize in a variety of disease states, especially oncology, and to other healthcare providers, including hospitals and dialysis clinics. additionally, the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment provides data analytics, outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers. the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment also provides pharmacy management, staffing and additional consulting services, and supply management software to a variety of retail and institutional healthcare providers. it also provides a full suite of integrated manufacturer services that ranges from clinical trial support to product post-approval and commercialization support. additionally, it delivers packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers. through its animal health business, the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment sells pharmaceuticals, vaccines, parasiticides, diagnostics, micro feed ingredients, and various other products to customers in both the companion animal and production animal markets. it also offers demand-creating sales force services to manufacturers.
international healthcare solutions segment the international healthcare solutions reportable segment consists of businesses that focus on international pharmaceutical wholesale and related service operations and global commercialization services. the international healthcare solutions reportable segment distributes pharmaceuticals, other healthcare products, and related services to healthcare providers, including pharmacies, doctors, health centers and hospitals primarily in europe. it is a leading global specialty transportation and logistics provider for the biopharmaceutical industry. it is also a leading provider of specialized services, including regulatory affairs, development consulting and scientific affairs, pharmacovigilance, and quality management and compliance, for the life sciences industry. in canada, the business drives innovative partnerships with manufacturers, providers, and pharmacies to improve product access and efficiency throughout the healthcare supply chain.
executive summary this executive summary provides highlights from the results of operations that follow:
revenue increased by $23.6 billion, or 9.9%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to revenue growth in our u.s. healthcare solutions segment. the u.s. healthcare solutions segment grew its revenue by $22.7 billion, or 10.7%, from the prior fiscal year due to overall market growth primarily driven by unit volume growth, including increased sales of products labeled for diabetes and/or weight loss in the glucagon-like peptide-1, or "glp-1," class and increased sales of specialty products to physician practices and health systems, offset in part by a decrease in sales of covid-19 treatments (primarily commercial treatments). revenue in international healthcare solutions increased by $0.9 billion, or 3.5%, from the prior fiscal year due to increased sales at alliance healthcare, our european distribution business, increased revenue from our less-than-wholly-owned brazil full-line distribution business, incremental revenue from our january 2023 acquisition of pharmalex, increased sales at our canadian business, and was offset in part due to the june 2022 divestiture of our brazil specialty business. our european distribution business' revenue in the current fiscal year was negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in comparison to the prior fiscal year;
gross profit increased by $663.1 million, or 8.0%, from the prior fiscal year. gross profit in the current fiscal year was favorably impacted by increases in gross profit in both reportable segments and an increase in gains from antitrust litigation settlements, offset in part by an increase in last-in, first-out ("lifo") expense in the current fiscal year. u.s. healthcare solutions' gross profit increased by $366.4 million, or 6.7%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to increased sales. gross profit in international healthcare solutions increased $243.7 million, or 8.3%, from the prior fiscal year due to the january 2023 acquisition of pharmalex and increases in our global specialty logistics business, our european distribution business, and our less-than-wholly-owned brazil full-line distribution business, offset in part by the june 2022 divestiture of our brazil specialty business. our european distribution business' gross profit in the current fiscal year was negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in comparison to the prior fiscal year;
total operating expenses increased by $688.8 million, or 11.6%, from the prior fiscal year primarily as a result of increases in distribution, selling, and administrative expenses, amortization expense, and restructuring and other expenses, offset in part by a litigation and opioid-related credit in the current fiscal year in comparison to an expense in the prior fiscal year and a $75.9 million goodwill impairment recorded in the prior fiscal year;
total segment operating income increased by $125.7 million, or 4.0%, from the prior fiscal year due to operating income growth in the u.s. healthcare solutions segment, offset in part by a decrease in operating income in the international healthcare solutions segment resulting from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in comparison to the prior fiscal year; and
our effective tax rates were 19.8% and 23.7% for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 was lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the benefit of non-u.s. income taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate, benefits from tax authority audit resolutions, and tax benefits associated with the vesting of restricted stock units and stock option exercises, offset in part by u.s. state income taxes. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was higher than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to u.s. state income taxes, offset in part by the benefit of non-u.s. income taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate.
results of operations fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022
revenue fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                    2023                           2022                                    change u.s. healthcare solutions human health                                          $229,716,669                      $207,284,444              10.8%
animal health                                            5,042,549                         4,815,758               4.7%
total u.s. healthcare solutions                        234,759,218                       212,100,202              10.7%
international healthcare solutions alliance healthcare                                     22,349,278                        21,890,402               2.1%
other healthcare solutions                               5,069,401                         4,601,271              10.2%
total international solutions                           27,418,679                        26,491,673               3.5%
intersegment eliminations                                  (4,486)                           (4,869)
revenue                                               $262,173,411                      $238,587,006               9.9%
our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors, such as industry growth trends, including drug utilization (e.g. products labeled for diabetes and/or weight loss in the glp-1 class), the introduction of new, innovative brand therapies, the likely increase in the number of generic drugs and biosimilars that will be available over the next few years as a result of the expiration of certain drug patents held by brand-name pharmaceutical manufacturers and the rate of conversion from brand products to those generic drugs and biosimilars, price inflation and price deflation, general economic conditions in the united states and europe, currency exchange rates, competition within the industry, customer consolidation, changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies and practices, increased downward pressure on government and other third-party reimbursement rates to our customers, changes in government rules and regulations, and the impact of covid-19.
revenue increased by 9.9% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to growth in the u.s. healthcare solutions segment.
the u.s. healthcare solutions segment grew its revenue by $22.7 billion, or 10.7%, from the prior fiscal year due to overall market growth primarily driven by unit volume growth, including increased sales of products labeled for diabetes and/or weight loss in the glp-1 class and increased sales of specialty products to physician practices and health systems, offset in part by a decrease in sales of covid-19 treatments (primarily commercial treatments). the total increase in u.s. healthcare solutions revenues included increases in sales of products labeled for diabetes and/or weight loss of $7.7 billion from the prior fiscal year. covid-19 treatment revenue declined by $1.0 billion in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 in comparison to the prior fiscal year. sales, including glp-1 products and covid-19 treatments, to our two largest customers increased by $7.7 billion from the prior fiscal year.
revenue in international healthcare solutions increased by $0.9 billion, or 3.5%, from the prior fiscal year due to increased sales at alliance healthcare, our european distribution business, increased revenue from our less-than-wholly-owned brazil full-line distribution business, incremental revenue from our january 2023 acquisition of pharmalex, and increased sales at our canadian business. these increases were offset in part due to the june 2022 divestiture of our brazil specialty business. our european distribution business' revenue in the current fiscal year was negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in comparison to the prior fiscal year.
a number of our contracts with customers, including group purchasing organizations, are typically subject to expiration each year. we may lose a significant customer if an existing contract with such customer expires without being extended, renewed, or replaced. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023, no significant contracts expired. over the next twelve months, there are no significant contracts scheduled to expire. additionally, from time to time, significant contracts may be terminated in accordance with their terms or extended, renewed, or replaced prior to their expiration dates. if those contracts are extended, renewed, or replaced at less favorable terms, they may also negatively impact our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows.
gross profit fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                             2023                         2022                                  change u.s. healthcare solutions                                      $5,821,116                      $5,454,735               6.7%
international healthcare solutions                              3,190,847                       2,947,190               8.3%
intersegment eliminations                                               -                           (189)
gains from antitrust litigation settlements                       239,092                           1,835
lifo expense                                                    (204,595)                        (67,171)
turkey highly inflationary impact                                (86,967)                        (40,033)
gross profit                                                   $8,959,493                      $8,296,367               8.0%
gross profit increased by $663.1 million, or 8.0%, from the prior fiscal year. gross profit in the current fiscal year was favorably impacted by increases in gross profit in both reportable segments and an increase in gains from antitrust litigation settlements, offset in part by an increase in lifo expense.
u.s. healthcare solutions gross profit increased by $366.4 million, or 6.7%, from the prior fiscal year due to increased sales. as a percentage of revenue, u.s. healthcare solutions' gross profit margin of 2.48% in the current fiscal year decreased 9 basis points compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to higher sales of glp-1 products, which have lower gross profit margins, and lower sales of covid-19 treatments, which have higher gross profit margins.
gross profit in international healthcare solutions increased $243.7 million, or 8.3%, from the prior fiscal year due to the january 2023 acquisition of pharmalex and increases in our global specialty logistics business, our european distribution business, and our less-than-wholly-owned brazil full-line distribution business, offset in part by the june 2022 divestiture of our brazil specialty business. our european distribution business' gross profit in the current fiscal year was negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in comparison to the prior fiscal year.
we recognized gains from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers of $239.1 million and $1.8 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold (see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
our cost of goods sold includes a lifo provision that is affected by manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, changes in inventory quantities, and product mix, many of which are difficult to predict. changes to any of the above factors may have a material impact on our annual lifo provision. the increase in lifo expense in the current fiscal year was primarily driven by lower generic pharmaceutical deflation and higher brand inventory product mix, offset in part by lower brand pharmaceutical inflation.
we recognized an expense in cost of goods sold of $87.0 million and $40.0 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to the impact of turkey highly inflationary accounting. the expense recognized in each period was driven by the continued weakening of the turkish lira.
operating expenses fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2023                         2022                                  change distribution, selling, and administrative                            $5,309,984                      $4,848,962               9.5%
depreciation and amortization                                           963,904                         693,895              38.9%
litigation and opioid-related (credit) expenses                        (24,693)                         123,191
acquisition-related deal and integration expenses                       139,683                         119,561
restructuring and other expenses                                        229,884                          63,498
goodwill impairment                                                           -                          75,936
impairment of assets                                                          -                           4,946
total operating expenses                                             $6,618,762                      $5,929,989              11.6%
distribution, selling, and administrative expenses increased by $461.0 million, or 9.5%, from the prior fiscal year. the increase from the prior fiscal year was primarily to support revenue growth and included inflationary impacts on certain operating expenses. as a percentage of revenue, distribution, selling, and administrative expenses were 2.03% in the current fiscal year and was flat compared to the prior fiscal year as inflationary impacts on certain operating expenses were offset in part by recent initiatives undertaken to improve operating efficiency across many of our businesses and administrative functions.
depreciation expense increased 6.1% from the prior fiscal year. amortization expense increased 80.1% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to accelerated amortization expense recorded in connection with the shortened useful lives of certain trade names resulting from our company name change and the gradual transition away from other tradenames used, which were acquired through prior acquisitions.
litigation and opioid-related credit in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 included the receipt of $83.4 million from the h.d. smith opioid litigation indemnity escrow. litigation and opioid-related credit was offset in part by $58.7 million of legal fees in connection with opioid lawsuits and investigations in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023. litigation and opioid-related expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included a $36.6 million accrual related to opioid litigation settlements and $86.6 million of legal fees in connection with opioid lawsuits and investigations.
acquisition-related deal and integration expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 primarily related to the continued integration of alliance healthcare and the acquisition of pharmalex. acquisition-related deal and integration expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 primarily related to the integration of alliance healthcare.
restructuring and other expenses are comprised of the following:
fiscal year ended september 30,
(in thousands)                                     2023                                                      2022
restructuring and employee severance costs                     $105,220                             $35,316
business transformation efforts                                  82,117                              27,990
other expenses                                                   42,547                                 192
total restructuring and other expenses                         $229,884                             $63,498
restructuring and employee severance costs in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 primarily included expenses incurred in connection with workforce reductions in both of our reportable segments. restructuring and employee severance costs in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included costs primarily related to the write down of assets related to our office optimization plan and restructuring activities within certain businesses in the u.s. healthcare solutions reportable segment.
business transformation efforts in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 included rebranding costs associated with our name change to cencora and non-recurring expenses related to significant strategic initiatives to improve operational efficiency, including certain technology initiatives. the majority of these costs related to services provided by third-party consultants.
business transformation efforts in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 primarily related to costs associated with reorganizing to further align the organization to its customers' needs, including certain technology initiatives. the majority of these costs related to services provided by third-party consultants.
in march 2023, one of our foreign business units experienced a cybersecurity event that impacted a standalone legacy information technology platform in one country and the foreign business unit's ability to operate in that country for approximately two weeks. in connection with this isolated event, we incurred costs to restore the foreign business unit's operations in that country, which was recorded in other expenses in the above table. the majority of other expenses in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 related to this cybersecurity event.
we recorded a goodwill impairment of $75.9 million in our profarma reporting unit in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022.
operating income fiscal year ended september 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2023                         2022                                  change u.s. healthcare solutions                                            $2,596,559                      $2,456,972               5.7%
international healthcare solutions                                      692,562                         706,458             (2.0)%
total segment operating income                                        3,289,121                       3,163,430               4.0%
gains from antitrust litigation settlements                             239,092                           1,835
lifo expense                                                          (204,595)                        (67,171)
turkey highly inflationary impact                                      (86,967)                        (40,033)
acquisition-related intangibles amortization                          (551,046)                       (304,551)
litigation and opioid-related credit (expenses)                          24,693                       (123,191)
acquisition-related deal and integration expenses                     (139,683)                       (119,561)
restructuring and other expenses                                      (229,884)                        (63,498)
goodwill impairment                                                           -                        (75,936)
impairment of assets                                                          -                         (4,946)
operating income                                                     $2,340,731                      $2,366,378             (1.1)%
u.s. healthcare solutions operating income increased $139.6 million, or 5.7%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in gross profit, as noted above, and was offset in part by an increase in operating expenses. as a percentage of revenue, u.s. healthcare solutions operating income margin was 1.11% and represented a decrease of 5 basis points compared to the prior fiscal year. the decrease from the prior year fiscal year was primarily due to the declines in gross profit margins, as described above in the gross profit section.
operating income in international healthcare solutions decreased by $13.9 million, or 2.0%, from the prior fiscal year due to a decrease in operating income in our european distribution business primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in comparison to the prior fiscal year and a significant decline in operating income at its less-than-wholly-owned subsidiary in egypt (that was divested on september 30, 2023), and the june 2022 divestiture of our brazil specialty business. the above-mentioned declines were offset in part by the strong performance of our global specialty logistics business.
other income, net included in other income, net, we recognized $40.7 million and $56.2 million from the divestiture of non-core businesses in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
interest expense, net interest expense, net and the respective weighted average interest rates were as follows:
fiscal year ended september 30,
2023                                                                                                                        2022
(dollars in thousands)                           amount                    weighted average                         amount                    weighted average interest rate                                                      interest rate interest expense                          $275,650                                    3.59%                  $231,982                                    2.69%
interest income                           (46,719)                                    4.60%                  (21,309)                                    1.08%
interest expense, net                     $228,931                                                           $210,673
interest expense, net increased $18.3 million, or 8.7%, from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the increase in interest expense. the increase in interest expense was primarily driven by an increase in our variable-rate borrowings and associated interest rates. the increase in interest expense was offset in part by an increase in interest income, which was primarily driven by higher investment interest rates in the current fiscal year in comparison to the prior fiscal year. the higher investment interest rates were offset in part by a lower average investment cash balance in the current fiscal year in comparison to the prior fiscal year.
income tax expense our effective tax rates were 19.8% and 23.7% in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 was lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the benefit of non-u.s. income taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate, benefits from tax authority audit resolutions, and tax benefits associated with the vesting of restricted stock units and stock option exercises, offset in part by u.s. state income taxes. our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 was higher than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to u.s. state income taxes, offset in part by the benefit of non-u.s. income taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate.
fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021
for a discussion of the comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022 and 2021, refer to the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section in our previously filed annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those policies that involve accounting estimates and assumptions that can have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations and require the use of complex and subjective estimates based upon past experience and management's judgment. actual results may differ from these estimates due to uncertainties inherent in such estimates. below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent upon the application of estimates and assumptions. for a complete list of significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
allowances for returns and credit losses trade receivables are primarily comprised of amounts owed to us for our pharmaceutical distribution and services activities and are presented net of an allowance for customer sales returns and an allowance for credit losses. our customer sales return policy generally allows customers to return products only if the products can be resold at full value or returned to suppliers for full credit. we record an accrual for estimated customer sales returns at the time of sale to the customer based upon historical customer return trends. the allowance for returns as of september 30, 2023 and 2022 was $1,314.9 million and $1,532.1 million, respectively.
we evaluate our receivables for risk of loss by grouping our receivables with similar risk characteristics. expected losses are determined based on a combination of historical loss trends, current economic conditions, and forward-looking risk factors. changes in these factors, among others, may lead to adjustments in our allowance for credit losses. the calculation of the required allowance requires judgment by management as to the impact of those and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade receivables. we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition and maintain reserves for expected credit losses and specific credit problems when they arise. we write off balances against the reserves when collectability is deemed remote. we perform formal, documented reviews of the allowance at least quarterly and perform monthly credit loss reviews in connection with our largest businesses and our higher risk customer accounts. there were no significant changes to this process during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, and bad debt expense was computed in a consistent manner during these periods. the bad debt expense for any period presented is equal to the changes in the period end allowance for credit losses, net of write-offs, recoveries, and other adjustments.
bad debt expense for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was $54.4 million, $26.1 million, and $12.1 million respectively. an increase or decrease of 0.1% in the 2023 allowance as a percentage of trade receivables would result in an increase or decrease in the provision on accounts receivable of approximately $21.0 million. the allowance for credit losses was $118.5 million and $94.7 million as of september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
schedule ii of this form 10-k sets forth a rollforward of allowances for returns and credit losses.
business combinations the assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon the acquisition or consolidation of a business are recorded at estimated fair value, with the residual of the purchase price allocated to goodwill. we engage third-party appraisal firms to assist management in determining the fair values of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. such valuations require management to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. management makes estimates of fair value based upon assumptions it believes to be reasonable. these estimates are based upon historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets include, but are not limited to: discount rates and expected future cash flows from and economic lives of customer relationships, trade names, existing technology, and other intangible assets. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions or estimates.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill arises from acquisitions or consolidations of specific operating companies and is assigned to the reporting unit in which a particular operating company resides. we identify our reporting units based upon our management reporting structure, beginning with our operating segments. we aggregate two or more components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics. we evaluate whether the components within our operating segments have similar economic characteristics, which include the similarity of long-term gross margins, the nature of the components' products, services, and production processes, the types of customers and the methods by which products or services are delivered to customers, and the components' regulatory environment. as of september 30, 2023, our reporting units include u.s. pharmaceutical distribution services, u.s. consulting services, mwi animal health, alliance healthcare, innomar, world courier, pharmalex, and profarma.
goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as certain trademarks and trade names, are not amortized; rather, they are tested for impairment at least annually. for the purpose of these impairment tests, we can elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets are less than the respective carrying values of those reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets, respectively. such qualitative factors can include, among others, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, and relevant entity-specific events. if we conclude based on our qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative analysis. we elected to perform a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill for our reporting units in fiscal 2023 and 2022 with the exception of our pharmalex reporting unit, which was recently acquired. we elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2023 and a quantitative impairment assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2022. we elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2021, with the exception of our testing of goodwill in the amerisourcebergen consulting services (the sum of u.s. consulting service and innomar reporting units, under our prior reporting structure) and profarma reporting units.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test requires us to compare the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets to the fair value of the reporting unit. if the fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is required, and no impairment loss is recognized. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, the difference between the carrying value and the fair value is recorded as an impairment loss, the amount of which may not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
when performing a quantitative impairment assessment, we utilize an income approach or a weighted-average of an income and market approach to value our reporting units. the income approach relies on a discounted cash flow analysis, which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate, to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. we generally believe that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of our reporting units in a sale transaction. the annual goodwill impairment test requires us to make a number of assumptions and estimates concerning future levels of revenue growth, operating margins, depreciation, amortization, capital expenditures, and working capital requirements, which are based upon our long-range plan. the discount rate is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by a market participant whose weighted average cost of capital includes both debt and equity, including a risk premium. while we use the best available information to prepare our forecasted cash flows and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows and/or market conditions could differ significantly resulting in future impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances. while there are always changes in assumptions to reflect changing business and market conditions, our overall methodology and the population of assumptions used have remained unchanged.
the quantitative impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles other than goodwill (certain trademarks and trade names) consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to the carrying value of the asset as of the impairment testing date. we estimate the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangibles using the relief from royalty method, which is a widely used valuation technique for such assets. the fair value derived from the relief from royalty method is measured as the discounted cash flow savings realized from owning such indefinite-lived trademarks and trade names and not having to pay a royalty for their use.
we completed our required annual impairment tests relating to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. we recorded goodwill impairments of $75.9 million and $6.4 million in our profarma reporting unit in connection with our fiscal 2022 and 2021 impairment tests (see note 5), respectively. no goodwill impairments were recorded in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023, and no indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments were recorded in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023, 2022, or 2021.
finite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. we perform a recoverability assessment of our long-lived assets when impairment indicators are present.
income taxes our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions reflect management's assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the financial statements. deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities, as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for tax purposes.
we have established a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain. expiring carryforwards and the required valuation allowances are adjusted annually. after application of the valuation allowances described above, we anticipate that no limitations will apply with respect to utilization of any of the other deferred income tax assets described above.
we prepare and file tax returns based upon our interpretation of tax laws and regulations and record estimates based upon these judgments and interpretations. in the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax contingencies due to changes in tax law resulting from legislation, regulation, and/or as concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems. significant judgment is exercised in applying complex tax laws and regulations across multiple global jurisdictions where we conduct our operations. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based upon the technical merits of the position.
we believe that our estimates for the valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and the amount of benefits recognized in our financial statements for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based upon current facts and circumstances. however, others applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop a different estimate and the amount ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised may differ from the amounts accrued.
the significant assumptions and estimates described in the preceding paragraphs are important contributors to the ultimate effective tax rate in each year. if any of our assumptions or estimates were to change, an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate by 1% on income before income taxes would have caused income tax expense to change by $21.6 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023.
for a complete discussion of the tax impact of uk tax reform and swiss tax reform, refer to note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost for approximately 66% of our inventories as of september 30, 2023 and 2022 has been determined using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method. if we had used the first-in, first-out method of inventory valuation, which approximates current replacement cost, inventories would have been approximately $1,588.0 million and $1,383.4 million higher than the amounts reported as of september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we recorded lifo expense of $204.6 million and $67.2 million in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we recorded a lifo credit of $203.0 million in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the annual lifo provision is affected by manufacturer pricing practices, which may be impacted by market and other external influences, changes in inventory quantities, and product mix, many of which are difficult to predict. changes to any of the above factors can have a material impact to our annual lifo provision.
loss contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we become involved in lawsuits, administrative proceedings, government subpoenas, government investigations, stockholder demands, and other disputes, including antitrust, commercial, product liability, intellectual property, regulatory, employment discrimination, and other matters. significant damages or penalties may be sought in some matters, and some matters may require years to resolve. we record a liability when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. we also perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either not probable or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. if a loss or an additional loss has at least a reasonable possibility of occurring and the impact on the financial statements would be material, we provide disclosure of the loss contingency and whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can made in the footnotes to our financial statements. we review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or the range of the loss can be made. among the loss contingencies we considered in accordance with the foregoing in connection with the preparation of the accompanying financial statements were the opioid matters described in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources our operating results have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, have provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and purchases of shares of our common stock.
our primary ongoing cash requirements will be to finance working capital, fund the repayment of debt, fund the payment of interest on debt, fund the payment of dividends, fund purchases of our common stock, finance acquisitions, and fund capital expenditures and routine growth and expansion through new business opportunities. future cash flows from operations and borrowings are expected to be sufficient to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including the opioid litigation payments that will be made over the next 15 years (see below).
cash flows as of september 30, 2023 and 2022, our cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were $640.5 million and $688.4 million, respectively. we have the ability to repatriate the majority of our cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries without incurring significant additional taxes upon repatriation.
we have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the december and march quarters that, depending on our cash balance, may require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. our cash balances in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022 were supplemented by intra-period credit facility borrowings to cover short-term working capital needs. the largest amount of intra-period borrowings under our revolving and securitization credit facilities that was outstanding at any one time during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023 and 2022 was $2,121.0 million and $590.0 million, respectively. we had $77,851.0 million, $4,435.9 million, and $4,730.5 million of cumulative intra-period borrowings that were repaid under our credit facilities during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023, our operating activities provided cash of $3,911.3 million and was principally the result of the following:
an increase in accounts payable of $6,103.5 million primarily due to the increase in our inventory balances and the timing of scheduled payments to our suppliers;
net income of $1,732.6 million;
positive non-cash items of $1,304.2 million, which is primarily comprised of amortization expense of $562.0 million, depreciation expense of $418.8 million, and lifo expense of $204.6 million, offset in part by:
an increase in accounts receivable of $2,711.8 million primarily due to an increase in sales and the timing of scheduled payments from our customers;
an increase in inventories of $2,183.4 million to support the increase in business volume; and
a decrease in long-term accrued litigation liability of $400.0 million due to opioid litigation settlement payments.
during the fiscal years ended september 30, 2022, our operating activities provided cash of $2,703.1 million and was principally the result of the following:
an increase in accounts payable of $3,320.7 million primarily due to the increase in our inventory balances and the timing of scheduled payments to our suppliers;
net income of $1,666.5 million;
positive non-cash items of $1,176.2 million, which is primarily comprised of depreciation expense of $390.6 million, amortization expense of $319.2 million, and the provision for deferred income taxes of $196.2 million, offset in part by:
an increase in accounts receivable of $1,659.5 million primarily due to an increase in sales and the timing of scheduled payments from our customers;
an increase in inventories of $665.4 million to support the increase in business volume;
a decrease in long-term accrued litigation liability of $500.2 million due to opioid litigation settlement payments;
a decrease in accrued expenses of $457.2 million; and
a decrease in income taxes payable and other liabilities of $330.1 million.
we use days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. the below financial metrics are calculated based upon a quarterly average and can be impacted by the timing of cash receipts and disbursements, which can vary significantly depending upon the day of the week in which the month ends.
fiscal year ended september 30,
2023                          2022                          2021
days sales outstanding                            27.7                          27.7                          26.2
days inventory on hand                            27.7                          28.3                          28.6
days payable outstanding                          60.0                          60.0                          58.3
our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our period-end working capital account balances. additionally, any changes to payment terms with a significant customer or manufacturer supplier could have a material impact to our cash flows from operations. operating cash flows during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 included $271.3 million of interest payments and $463.1 million of income tax payments, net of refunds. operating cash flows during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included $219.8 million of interest payments and $244.4 million of income tax payments, net of refunds. operating cash flows during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 included $170.9 million of interest payments and $93.5 million of income tax payments, net of refunds.
capital expenditures in the fiscal years ended september 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were $458.4 million, $496.3 million, and $438.2 million, respectively. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2023 and 2022 included investments in various technology initiatives, including technology initiatives at alliance healthcare. significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 included costs associated with facility expansions and various technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our primary information technology operating systems.
we currently expect to spend approximately $500 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2024. larger 2024 capital expenditures will include investments relating to various technology initiatives, including technology investments at alliance healthcare.
in addition to capital expenditures, net cash used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 included $1,406.5 million for the acquisition of pharmalex and $718.4 million for our investment in oneoncology (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
in addition to capital expenditures, net cash used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 included $133.8 million of cash to acquire companies, including $60.0 million that was paid to settle accrued consideration related to the alliance healthcare acquisition (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements), and was offset in part by $272.6 million in proceeds from the divestiture of non-core businesses.
in addition to capital expenditures, net cash used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended 2021 included $5,563.0 million of cash to acquire companies, which principally related to the june 2021 acquisition of alliance healthcare, net of cash acquired, and $162.6 million for equity investments.
net cash used in financing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 principally resulted from $1,180.7 million purchases of our common stock, a $675 million repayment of our 0.737% senior notes that matured in march 2023, and $398.8 million in cash dividends paid on our common stock.
net cash used in financing activities in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022 principally resulted from an $850 million repayment of our 0.737% senior notes that matured in 2023, the repayment of our $250 million term loan, $391.7 million in cash dividends paid on our common stock, and $483.7 million in purchases of our common stock.
debt and credit facility availability the following illustrates our debt structure as of september 30, 2023, including availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the receivables securitization facility, the revolving credit note, the money market facility, alliance healthcare debt, and the overdraft facility:
(in thousands)                                                   outstanding   additional balance   availability fixed-rate debt:
$500,000, 3.400% senior notes due 2024                        $499,677         $-
$500,000, 3.250% senior notes due 2025                         499,026         -
$750,000, 3.450% senior notes due 2027                         746,464         -
$500,000, 2.800% senior notes due 2030                         495,959         -
$1,000,000, 2.700% senior notes due 2031                       991,600         -
$500,000, 4.250% senior notes due 2045                         495,378         -
$500,000, 4.300% senior notes due 2047                         493,554         -
nonrecourse debt                                                74,684         -
total fixed-rate debt                                        4,296,342         -
variable-rate debt:
multi-currency revolving credit facility due 2028                    -         2,400,000
receivables securitization facility due 2025                   350,000         1,100,000
revolving credit note                                                -         75,000
overdraft facility due 2024 (10,000)                                -         12,200
money market facility                                                -         100,000
alliance healthcare debt                                        68,017         465,185
nonrecourse debt                                                73,098         -
total variable-rate debt                                       491,115         4,152,385
total debt                                                  $4,787,457         $4,152,385
in march 2021, we issued $1,525 million of 0.737% senior notes due march 15, 2023 (the "2023 notes"). the 2023 notes were sold at 100.00% of the principal amount. interest on the 2023 notes was payable semi-annually in arrears and commenced on september 15, 2021. in the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, we elected to repay $850 million of 2023 notes due in march 2023. in march 2023, the remaining balance of $675 million on the original $1.5 billion of 0.737% senior notes matured and was repaid.
in march 2021, we issued $1,000 million of 2.70% senior notes due march 15, 2031 (the "2031 notes"). the 2031 notes were sold at 99.79% of the principal amount and have an effective yield of 2.706%. interest on the 2031 notes is payable semi-annually in arrears and commenced on september 15, 2021. the 2031 notes rank pari passu to our other senior notes, the multi-currency revolving credit facility, the revolving credit note, the overdraft facility, and the money market facility. we used the proceeds from the 2023 notes and 2031 notes to finance a portion of the june 2021 alliance healthcare acquisition.
we have a $2.4 billion multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility ("multi-currency revolving credit facility"), which was scheduled to expire in october 2027, with a syndicate of lenders. in october 2023, we amended and restated the multi-currency revolving credit facility to extend the expiration to october 2028. interest on borrowings under the multi-currency revolving credit facility accrues at specified rates based upon our debt rating and ranges from 80.5 basis points to 122.5 basis points over sofr/euribor/cdor/rfr, as applicable (102.5 basis points over cdor/libor/euribor/bankers acceptance stamping fee as of september 30, 2023) and from 0 basis points to 22.5 basis points over the alternate base rate and canadian prime rate, as applicable. we pay facility fees to maintain the availability under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at specified rates based upon our debt rating, ranging from 7 basis points to 15 basis points, annually, of the total commitment (10 basis points as of september 30, 2023). we may choose to repay or reduce our commitments under the multi-currency revolving credit facility at any time. the multi-currency revolving credit facility contains covenants, including compliance with a financial leverage ratio test, as well as others that impose limitations on, among other things, indebtedness of subsidiaries and asset sales, with which we were compliant as of september 30, 2023.
we have a commercial paper program whereby we may from time to time issue short-term promissory notes in an aggregate amount of up to $2.4 billion at any one time. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time. the maturities on the notes will vary, but may not exceed 365 days from the date of issuance. the notes will bear interest, if interest bearing, or will be sold at a discount from their face amounts. the commercial paper program does not increase our borrowing capacity as it is fully backed by our multi-currency revolving credit facility. there were no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program as of september 30, 2023 and 2022.
we have a $1,450 million receivables securitization facility ("receivables securitization facility"), which is scheduled to expire in october 2025. we have available to us an accordion feature whereby the commitment on the receivables securitization facility may be increased by up to $250 million, subject to lender approval, for seasonal needs during the december and march quarters. interest rates are based upon prevailing market rates for short-term commercial paper or 30-day term sofr plus a program fee. we pay a customary unused fee at prevailing market rates, annually, to maintain the availability under the receivables securitization facility.
in connection with the receivables securitization facility, amerisourcebergen drug corporation and a specialty distribution subsidiary sell on a revolving basis certain accounts receivable to amerisource receivables financial corporation, a wholly-owned special purpose entity, which in turn sells a percentage ownership interest in the receivables to financial institutions and commercial paper conduits sponsored by financial institutions. amerisourcebergen drug corporation is the servicer of the accounts receivable under the receivables securitization facility. as sold receivables are collected, additional receivables may be sold up to the maximum amount available under the facility. we use the facility as a financing vehicle because it generally offers an attractive interest rate relative to other financing sources. we securitize our trade accounts, which are generally non-interest bearing, in transactions that are accounted for as borrowings. the receivables securitization facility contains similar covenants to the multi-currency revolving credit facility, with which we were compliant as of september 30, 2023.
we have an uncommitted, unsecured line of credit available to us pursuant to a revolving credit note ("revolving credit note"). the revolving credit note provides us with the ability to request short-term unsecured revolving credit loans from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed $75 million. the revolving credit note may be decreased or terminated by the bank or us at any time without prior notice. we also have a 10 million uncommitted u.k. overdraft facility ("overdraft facility"), which expires in february 2024, to fund short-term normal trading cycle fluctuations related to our mwi animal health business. we have an uncommitted, unsecured line of credit available to us pursuant to a money market credit agreement ("money market facility"). the money market facility provides us with the ability to request short-term unsecured revolving credit loans from time to time in a principal amount not to exceed $100 million. the money market facility may be decreased or terminated by the bank or us at any time without prior notice.
in february 2021, we entered into a $1.0 billion variable-rate term loan ("february 2021 term loan"), which was available to be drawn on the closing date of the acquisition of alliance healthcare. in april 2021, we reduced our commitment under the february 2021 term loan to $500 million. in june 2021, we borrowed $500 million under the february 2021 term loan to finance a portion of the june 2021 alliance healthcare acquisition. we elected to make principal payments of $250 million in september 2021 and again in march 2022 to repay the loan that was scheduled to mature in 2023.
alliance healthcare debt is comprised of uncommitted revolving credit facilities in various currencies with various rates. a vast majority of the outstanding borrowings were held in turkey as of september 30, 2023. these facilities are used to fund its working capital needs.
nonrecourse debt is comprised of short-term and long-term debt belonging to the brazil subsidiaries and is repaid solely from the brazil subsidiaries' cash flows and such debt agreements provide that the repayment of the loans (and interest thereon) is secured solely by the capital stock, physical assets, contracts, and cash flows of the brazil subsidiaries.
share purchase programs and dividends in october 2018, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $1.0 billion of our shares of common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, we purchased $55.5 million of our common stock to complete our authorization under this program.
in may 2020, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $500 million of our outstanding shares of common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, we purchased $26.6 million of our common stock. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, we purchased $473.4 million of our common stock to complete our authorization under this program.
in may 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022, we purchased $38.7 million of common stock, which included $28.4 million of september 2022 purchases that cash settled in october 2022. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023, we purchased $961.3 million of our common stock, including $882.5 million from wba, to complete our authorization under this program.
in march 2023, our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program allowing us to purchase up to $1.0 billion of its outstanding shares of common stock, subject to market conditions. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023, we purchased $191.0 million of our common stock, including $167.5 million from wba. as of september 30, 2023, we had $809.0 million of availability under this program. from october 1, 2023 through november 20, 2023, we purchased $325.3 million of our common stock, including $250.0 million from wba.
our board of directors approved the following quarterly dividend increases:
dividend increases per share date                              new rate                   old rate                 % increase november 2020                       $0.440                     $0.420                         5%
november 2021                       $0.460                     $0.440                         5%
november 2022                       $0.485                     $0.460                         5%
november 2023                       $0.510                     $0.485                         5%
we anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. however, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors.
commitments and obligations as discussed and defined in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, on july 21, 2021, it was announced that we and the two other national pharmaceutical distributors had negotiated a distributor settlement agreement. the distributor settlement agreement became effective on april 2, 2022, and as of september 30, 2023, it included 48 of 49 eligible states (the "settling states") as well as 99% by population of the eligible political subdivisions in the settling states. our remaining estimated liability related to the distributor settlement agreement, the state of alabama (with whom we have not reached a settlement agreement), and other opioid-related litigation for which we have reached settlement agreements is approximately $5.5 billion on our consolidated balance sheet as of september 30, 2023 and is expected to be paid over the next 15 years. the payment of the aforementioned litigation liability has not and is not expected to have an impact on our ability to pay dividends.
the following is a summary of our contractual obligations for future principal and interest payments on our debt, minimum rental payments on our noncancellable operating leases, and minimum payments on our other commitments as of september 30, 2023:
payments due by period (in thousands)              debt, including interest payments             operating                other commitments               total leases within 1 year                                                 $824,443                      $218,139                       $123,829              $1,166,411
1-3 years                                                    1,174,777                       373,502                        143,820               1,692,099
4-5 years                                                      973,160                       280,546         6                                    1,253,712
after 5 years                                                3,386,625                       441,242                              -               3,827,867
total                                                       $6,359,005                    $1,313,429                       $267,655              $7,940,089
the 2017 tax act required a one-time transition tax to be recognized on historical foreign earnings and profits. we expect to pay $139.0 million, net of overpayments and tax credits, related to this transition tax, as of september 30, 2023, which is payable in installments over a six-year period that commenced in january 2021. the transition tax commitment is included in "other commitments" in the above table.
our liability for uncertain tax positions was $551.9 million (including interest and penalties) as of september 30, 2023. this liability represents an estimate of tax positions that we have taken in our tax returns which may ultimately not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. since the amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated liability has been excluded from the above contractual obligations table. our liability for uncertain tax positions as of september 30, 2023 primarily includes an uncertain tax benefit related to the legal accrual for litigation related to the distribution of prescription opioid pain medications, as disclosed in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
market risk we have exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-u.s. operations. our largest exposure to foreign exchange rates exists primarily with the u.k. pound sterling, the euro, the turkish lira, the brazilian real, and the canadian dollar. we use forward contracts to hedge against the foreign currency exchange rate impact on certain intercompany receivable and payable balances. we may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure, but not for speculative or trading purposes. revenue from our foreign operations during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023 was approximately 10% of our consolidated revenue.
we have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt. we manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. the amount of variable-rate debt fluctuates during the year based on our working capital requirements. we had $491.1 million of variable-rate debt outstanding as of september 30, 2023. we periodically evaluate financial instruments to manage our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates. however, there are no assurances that such instruments will be available in the combinations we want and/or on terms acceptable to us. there were no such financial instruments in effect as of september 30, 2023.
we also have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our cash and cash equivalents. we had $2,592.1 million in cash and cash equivalents as of september 30, 2023. the unfavorable impact of a hypothetical decrease in interest rates on cash and cash equivalents would be partially offset by the favorable impact of such a decrease on variable-rate debt. for every $100 million of cash invested that is in excess of variable-rate debt, a 10-basis point decrease in interest rates would increase our annual net interest expense by $0.1 million.
deterioration of general economic conditions, among other factors, could adversely affect the number of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers and, therefore, could reduce purchases by our customers. in addition, volatility in financial markets and higher borrowing costs may also negatively impact our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms. reduced purchases by our customers or changes in the ability of our customers to remit payments to us could adversely affect our revenue growth, our profitability, and our cash flow from operations.
recent elevated levels of inflation in the global and u.s. economies have impacted certain operating expenses. if elevated levels of inflation persist or increase, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected, particularly in certain global markets.
we have risks from other geopolitical trends and events, such as the ongoing conflicts in ukraine and between israel and hamas. although the long-term implications of these conflicts are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of these conflicts has not been material.
