item 1a. risk factors in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.
business and operational risks we may not be able to increase prices to fully offset inflationary pressures on costs, such as raw and packaging materials, labor and distribution costs.
as a manufacturer of food and beverage products, we rely on plant labor, distribution resources and raw and packaging materials including tomato paste, grains, beef, poultry, dairy, vegetable oil, wheat, potatoes and other vegetables, steel, aluminum, glass, paper and resin. during 2023, we continued to experience significantly elevated commodity and supply chain costs including the costs of labor, raw materials, energy, fuel, packaging materials and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products. as 2023 progressed, we experienced some moderation in input cost inflation, and we expect modestly elevated levels of inflation to continue into 2024. in addition, many of these items are subject to price fluctuations from a number of factors, including but not limited to changes in crop size, cattle cycles, herd and flock disease, crop disease, crop pests, product scarcity, demand for raw materials, commodity market speculation, energy costs, currency fluctuations, supplier capacities, government-sponsored agricultural programs and other government policy, import and export requirements (including tariffs), drought and excessive rain, temperature extremes and other adverse weather events, water scarcity, scarcity of suitable agricultural land, scarcity of organic ingredients, pandemic illness (such as the covid-19 pandemic), geopolitical conflicts (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine), environmental and other sustainability regulations and other factors that may be beyond our control.
we try to mitigate some or all cost increases through increases in the selling prices of, or decreases in the packaging sizes of, some of our products. higher product prices or smaller packaging sizes may result in reductions in sales volume. consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forego some purchases altogether, during an economic downturn or times of increased inflationary pressure. to the extent that price increases or packaging size decreases are not sufficient to offset these increased costs adequately or in a timely
6
manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume or a shift in sales mix to lower-margin offerings, our business results and financial condition may be adversely affected. furthermore, we may not be able to fully offset any cost increases through productivity initiatives or through our commodity hedging activity.
disruption to our supply chain could adversely affect our business.
our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products may be impaired by damage or disruption to our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution capabilities, or to the capabilities of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors. this damage or disruption could result from execution issues, as well as factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control such as increased temperatures due to climate change, water stress, extreme weather events, natural disasters, product or raw material scarcity, fire, terrorism, pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic), geopolitical conflicts (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine), strikes, labor shortages, cybersecurity breaches, government shutdowns, disruptions in logistics, supplier capacity constraints or other events. commodity prices continue to be volatile and have generally increased. production of the agricultural commodities used in our business may also be adversely affected by drought and excessive rain, temperature extremes and other adverse weather events, water scarcity, scarcity of suitable agricultural land, scarcity of organic ingredients, crop size, cattle cycles, herd and flock disease, crop disease and crop pests. failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, may adversely affect our business or financial results, particularly in circumstances when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location. disputes with significant suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, may also adversely affect our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products, as well as our business or financial results.
deterioration of global macroeconomic conditions, including economic recession or periods of higher inflation in key markets may adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products.
global macroeconomic conditions can be uncertain and volatile. we have in the past been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in global macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs, global supply chain challenges, labor shortages, geopolitical conflicts (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine), pandemics (such as the covid-19 pandemic) and growing recession risk. volatility in financial markets and deterioration of global macroeconomic conditions could impact our business and results of operations in a number of ways, including but not limited to, the following:
•higher commodity prices and other increased input costs could continue due to supply chain shortages or supply chain disruptions, which may not be sufficiently mitigated by our current commodity contracts;
•the failure of third parties on which we rely, including but not limited to, those that supply our packaging, ingredients, equipment and other necessary operating materials, co-manufacturers and independent contractors, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so;
•a shift in consumer spending during periods of economic uncertainty or inflation that could result in consumers moving to private label or lower price products;
•a change in demand for or availability of our products, as a result of retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their inventory, fulfillment or shipping practices;
•a disruption to our distribution capabilities or our distribution channels, including those of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors; and
•future volatility or disruption in the capital and credit markets could negatively impact our liquidity or increase costs of borrowing;
these and other impacts of global macroeconomic conditions could also heighten many of the other risk factors discussed in this item 1a. our sensitivity to global macroeconomic conditions could materially impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.
we consider our intellectual property rights, particularly our trademarks, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. we protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection, contractual agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property in traditional retail and digital environments. our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property or any change in law that lessens or removes the current legal protections of our intellectual property may diminish our competitiveness and adversely affect our business and financial results.
competing intellectual property claims that impact our brands or products may arise unexpectedly. any litigation or disputes regarding intellectual property may be costly and time-consuming and may divert the attention of our management and
7
key personnel from our business operations. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development, launch and sale of certain products. any of these occurrences may harm our business and financial results.
our results may be adversely impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands.
we have a number of iconic brands with significant value. maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. brand value is primarily based on consumer perceptions. success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products, packaging, ingredients, or our environmental, social, human capital or governance practices, our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. the growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. negative posts or comments about us, our brands, products or packaging on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. in addition, we might fail to appropriately target our marketing efforts, anticipate consumer preferences, or invest sufficiently in maintaining our brand image. if we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our results could be adversely impacted.
we may be adversely impacted by a disruption, failure or security breach of our information technology systems.
our information technology systems are critically important to our operations. we rely on our information technology systems (some of which are outsourced to third parties) to manage our data, communications and business processes, including our marketing, sales, manufacturing, procurement, supply chain, customer service, accounting and administrative functions and the importance of such networks and systems has increased due to an increase in our employees working remotely. if we do not obtain and effectively manage the resources and materials necessary to build, sustain and protect appropriate information technology systems, our business or financial results could be adversely impacted. furthermore, our information technology systems are subject to attack or other security breaches (including the access to or acquisition of customer, consumer, employee or other confidential information), service disruptions or other system failures. if we are unable to prevent or adequately respond to and resolve these breaches, disruptions or failures, our operations may be impacted, and we may suffer other adverse consequences such as reputational damage, litigation, remediation costs, ransomware payments and/or penalties under various data protection laws and regulations.
to address the risks to our information technology systems and the associated costs, we maintain an information security program that includes updating technology and security policies, cyber insurance, employee awareness training, and monitoring and routine testing of our information technology systems. we believe that these preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cybersecurity risks, however, cyber threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more frequent and more sophisticated and are being made by groups of individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. additionally, continued geopolitical turmoil, including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine, has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. we have experienced threats and breaches to our data and systems and although we have not experienced a breach that had a material impact on our operations or business, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. for example, at the end of the fourth quarter of 2023, we identified unauthorized activity on some of our information technology systems. upon detecting the attack, we took immediate action to investigate, contain and remediate the threat, retaining the services of leading third-party cybersecurity experts and contacting federal law enforcement. the incident had a limited impact on our business operations and was not material to the company's results of operations or financial condition. in addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyberattacks or other cyber incidents. as cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude around the world, we may be unable to obtain cyber insurance in the amounts and on the terms we view as appropriate and favorable for our operations.
in addition, in the event our suppliers or customers experience a breach or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in our supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. we have also outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to third-party service providers, and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. our information security program includes capabilities designed to evaluate and mitigate cyber risks arising from third-party service providers. we believe that these capabilities provide insights and visibility to the security posture of our third-party service providers, however, cyber threats to those organizations are beyond our control. if these service providers do not perform effectively due to breach or system failure, we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits and our business may be disrupted.
8
we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business.
we depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. in addition, our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals, including all levels of skilled labor in our manufacturing facilities. we also compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train and retain other talented personnel. any such loss or failure may adversely affect our business or financial results. in addition, activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which may adversely affect our business and financial results.
over the past few years, we have experienced an increasingly competitive labor market. a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. if we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected.
if we do not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies associated with our strategic initiatives, our profitability could suffer.
our future success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to achieve the appropriate cost structure and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food industry, particularly in an environment of volatile cost inputs. we continuously pursue initiatives to reduce costs and increase effectiveness. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - restructuring charges and cost savings initiatives" for additional information on these initiatives. we also regularly pursue cost productivity initiatives in procurement, manufacturing and logistics. any failure or delay in implementing our initiatives in accordance with our plans could adversely affect our ability to meet our long-term growth and profitability expectations and could adversely affect our business. if we do not continue to effectively manage costs and achieve additional efficiencies, our competitiveness and our profitability could decrease.
our results may be adversely affected by our inability to complete or realize the projected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions.
we have historically made strategic acquisitions of brands and businesses and we may undertake additional acquisitions or other strategic transactions in the future. our ability to meet our objectives with respect to acquisitions and other strategic transactions may depend in part on our ability to identify suitable counterparties, negotiate favorable financial and other contractual terms, obtain all necessary regulatory approvals on the terms expected and complete those transactions. potential risks also include:
•the inability to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations in a timely and cost-efficient manner, including implementation of enterprise-resource planning systems;
•diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
•potential loss of key employees, co-manufacturers, suppliers and/or customers of acquired businesses;
•assumption of unknown risks and liabilities;
•the inability to achieve anticipated benefits, including revenues or other operating results;
•operating costs of acquired businesses may be greater than expected;
•the inability to promptly implement an effective control environment; and
•the risks inherent in entering markets or lines of business with which we have limited or no prior experience.
in addition, we have previously made strategic divestitures and may do so in the future. any businesses we decide to divest in the future may depend in part on our ability to identify suitable buyers, negotiate favorable financial and other contractual terms and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals on the terms expected. potential risks of divestitures may also include:
•diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
•loss of key suppliers and/or customers of divested businesses;
•the inability to separate divested businesses or business units effectively and efficiently from our existing business operations; and
•the inability to reduce or eliminate associated overhead costs.
9
if we are unable to complete or realize the projected benefits of future acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions, our business or financial results may be adversely impacted.
competitive and industry risks we face significant competition in all our product categories, which may result in lower sales and margins.
we operate in the highly competitive food and beverage industry mainly in the north american market and experience competition in all of our categories. the principal areas of competition are brand recognition, taste, nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space and customer service. a number of our primary competitors are larger than us and have substantial financial, marketing and other resources, and some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. in addition, reduced barriers to entry and easier access to funding are creating new competition. a strong competitive response from one or more of these competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a continued shift towards private label offerings, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or significant inflation, could result in us reducing prices and/or increasing promotions, increasing marketing or other expenditures, and/or losing market share, each of which may result in lower sales and margins.
our ability to compete also depends upon our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. there are inherent marketplace risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. if we do not succeed in offering products that consumers want to buy, our sales and market share will decrease, resulting in reduced profitability. if we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-lasting, or are unable to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales will decline. weak economic conditions, recessions, significant inflation and other factors, such as pandemics, could effect consumer preferences and demand. in addition, given the variety of backgrounds and identities of consumers in our consumer base, we must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. as such, we must be successful in developing innovative products across a multitude of product categories. finally, if we fail to rapidly develop products in faster-growing and more profitable categories, we could experience reduced demand for our products, or fail to expand margins.
we may be adversely impacted by a changing customer landscape and the increased significance of some of our customers.
our businesses are largely concentrated in the traditional retail grocery trade, which has experienced slower growth than other retail channels, such as dollar stores, drug stores, club stores and e-commerce retailers. we expect this trend away from traditional retail grocery to alternate channels to continue in the future. these alternative retail channels may also create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. in addition, retailers with increased buying power and negotiating strength are seeking more favorable terms, including increased promotional programs and customized products funded by their suppliers. these customers may also use more of their shelf space for their private label products, which are generally sold at lower prices than branded products. if we are unable to use our scale, marketing, product innovation and category leadership positions to respond to these customer dynamics, our business or financial results could be adversely impacted.
in 2023, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 47% of our consolidated net sales, with the largest customer, wal-mart stores, inc. and its affiliates, accounting for approximately 22% of our consolidated net sales. there can be no assurance that our largest customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities, or on the same terms as in the past. disruption of sales to any of these customers, or to any of our other large customers, for an extended period of time could adversely affect our business or financial results.
financial and economic risks an impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could adversely affect our financial results and net worth.
as of july 30, 2023, we had goodwill of $3.965 billion and other indefinite-lived intangible assets of $2.541 billion. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized, but are tested for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. we test goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to the unit's fair value. similarly, we test indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of the assets to their carrying values. fair value for both goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses. if the carrying values of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets exceed their fair value, the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are considered impaired. factors that could result in an impairment include a change in revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions or assumed royalty rates. if current expectations for growth rates for sales and profits are not met, or other market factors and macroeconomic conditions were to
10
change, we may be required in the future to record impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets, which could adversely affect our financial results and net worth.
we may be adversely impacted by increased liabilities and costs related to our defined benefit pension plans.
we sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans for certain employees in the u.s. and certain non-u.s. locations. the major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of securities and other investments. changes in regulatory requirements or the market value of plan assets, investment returns, interest rates and mortality rates may affect the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost, future funding requirements of the plans and the funded status as recorded on the balance sheet. a significant increase in our obligations, future funding requirements, or net periodic benefit costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
we face risks related to heightened inflation, recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions.
customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by weak economic conditions, recession, equity market volatility or other negative economic factors in the u.s. or other nations. for instance in 2023, the u.s. experienced significantly heightened inflationary pressures which we expect to continue into 2024. we may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of inflation through continued price increases, productivity initiatives and cost savings, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. we implemented a series of price increases in the last year in response to inflationary pressures, and although price elasticities have remained below historical levels this may not continue and result in lower sales in 2024. in addition, if the u.s. economy enters a recession in 2024, we may experience sales declines and may have to decrease prices, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
similarly, disruptions in financial and/or credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors and might cause us to not be able to continue to have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, and our borrowing costs could increase. an economic or credit crisis could occur and impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. a disruption in the financial markets may have a negative effect on our derivative counterparties and could impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for access to capital and as counterparties to our derivative contracts. in addition, changes in tax or interest rates in the u.s. or other nations, whether due to recession, economic disruptions or other reasons, may adversely impact us.
legal and regulatory risks we may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory proceedings or claims.
we are a party to a variety of legal and regulatory proceedings and claims arising out of the normal course of business. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding reportable legal proceedings. since these actions are inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such proceedings or claims, or that our assessment of the materiality or immateriality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection with such matters, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such proceedings or claims. in particular, the marketing of food products has come under increased scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations, including claims relating to the presence of heavy metals in food products. additionally, the independent contractor distribution model, which is used in our snacks segment, has also come under increased regulatory scrutiny. our independent contractor distribution model has also been the subject of various class and individual lawsuits in recent years. in the event we are unable to successfully defend ourselves against these proceedings or claims, or if our assessment of the materiality of these proceedings or claims proves inaccurate, our business or financial results may be adversely affected. in addition, our reputation could be damaged by allegations made in proceedings or claims (even if untrue).
increased regulation or changes in law could adversely affect our business or financial results.
the manufacture and marketing of food products is extensively regulated. various laws and regulations govern the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, marketing, advertising, labeling, quality and safety of our food products, as well as the health and safety of our employees and the protection of the environment. in the u.s., we are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies, including but not limited to the food and drug administration, the department of agriculture, the federal trade commission, the department of labor, the department of commerce, the occupational safety and health administration and the environmental protection agency, as well as various state and local agencies. we are also regulated by similar agencies outside the u.s.
governmental and administrative bodies within the u.s. are considering a variety of tax, trade and other regulatory reforms. trade reforms include tariffs on certain materials used in the manufacture of our products and tariffs on certain finished products. we regularly move data across national and state borders to conduct our operations and, consequently, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the u.s. and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data
11
security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. there is significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such privacy and data protection laws and regulations because they are continuously evolving and developing and may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and state to state and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements.
changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements and revised regulatory requirements for the labeling of nutrition facts, serving sizes and genetically modified ingredients), or evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements, or an increased focus regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies and sustainability, may result in increased compliance cost, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business and financial results.
we may suffer losses if changes to regulations require us to change the ingredients we use or how we process, package, transport, store, distribute, advertise, or label our products. moreover, depending on the implementation of such regulatory changes, we could have increased risk for a product recall or have existing inventory become unsellable, which could materially and adversely impact our product sales, financial condition and operating results.
if our food products become adulterated or are mislabeled, we might need to recall those items, and we may experience product liability claims and damage to our reputation.
we have in the past and we may, in the future, need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or if they are mislabeled, and we may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes sickness or injury to consumers. a widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. we could also suffer losses from a significant adverse product liability judgment. a significant product recall or product liability claim could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in the safety and/or quality of our products, ingredients or packaging. in addition, if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in that category.
climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and operations.
there is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. in the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as wheat, tomatoes and potatoes. adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supplies of raw materials, lower recoveries of usable raw materials, increase the prices of our raw materials, increase our cost of storing and transporting our raw materials, or disrupt production schedules. we may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of such change, which could impact our manufacturing and distribution operations. in addition, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain. the physical effects and transitional costs of climate change and the legal, regulatory or market initiatives to address climate change could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing, cap and trade systems or a carbon tax), energy policies, and sustainability. increased compliance costs and expenses due to the impacts of climate change and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change that are designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes in our business operations and strategy, which will likely require us to devote substantial time and attention to these matters and cause us to incur additional costs. even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties or potential litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. the effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
our business is subject to an increasing focus on sustainability matters.
from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments, including reducing our impact on the environment and relating to animal welfare. for example, in 2022, we established science-based targets for scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions. our ability to achieve any stated goal, target or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, the availability of suppliers and products that can meet our sustainability and other standards,
12
and changing business dynamics including acquisitions. furthermore, standards for tracking and reporting such matters continue to evolve. our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. methodologies for reporting these data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations (including from acquisitions and divestitures), and other changes in circumstances, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. if we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report our progress toward achieving these goals and commitments, it could negatively affect consumer or customer preference for our products or investor confidence in our stock, as well as expose us to enforcement actions and litigation.
additionally, we might fail to effectively address increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability matters or animal welfare goals. such failure, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly regarding climate change or animal welfare, whether or not valid, could result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business and reputation.
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine.
the global economy has been negatively impacted by the military conflict between russia and ukraine. furthermore, governments in the u.s., united kingdom, and european union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in russia. although we have no operations in russia or ukraine, we have experienced shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw material due in part to the negative impact of the russia-ukraine military conflict on the global economy. the scope and duration of the military conflict in ukraine is uncertain, rapidly changing and hard to predict. further escalation of geopolitical tensions related to the military conflict, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain. in addition, the effects of the ongoing conflict could also heighten many of the other risk factors discussed in this item 1a.
risk factors related to the pending sovos brands acquisition the sovos brands acquisition is subject to certain closing conditions that, if not satisfied or waived, could delay closing or prevent it from occurring at all.
the closing of the sovos brands acquisition is subject to certain customary mutual conditions, including (i) the absence of any injunction or other order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction in the united states or applicable law or legal prohibition in the united states that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the merger, (ii) the approval of sovos brands' shareholders holding at least a majority of the outstanding shares of sovos brands common stock entitled to vote on the adoption of the merger agreement and (iii) the expiration or termination of any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the consummation of the merger under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended. if the closing of the acquisition is not effective by may 7, 2024, we could be required to pay an additional $0.00182 per share per day beginning may 8, 2024 until the merger becomes effective. we and sovos brands may also terminate the merger agreement under certain circumstances, and we may be required, in certain circumstances, to pay a termination fee of $145 million. for additional information on the merger agreement, see our form 8-k filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission on august 7, 2023. there are also several pending lawsuits filed by purported shareholders of sovos brands seeking, among other things, to enjoin the acquisition. if we do not complete the acquisition, or if the closing is significantly delayed, our business or financial results may be adversely affected.
our obligation to complete the pending acquisition of sovos brands is not subject to a financing condition, and financing for the sovos brands acquisition may not be obtained on favorable terms, or at all.
our obligation to complete the pending acquisition of sovos brands is not subject to a financing condition. we intend to finance the acquisition of sovos brands with the issuance of new debt. there can be no assurance that we will obtain financing on terms we find acceptable and we may be required to finance a portion of the purchase price of the pending acquisition at interest rates higher than currently expected. limitations on our ability to obtain financing, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in our borrowing costs may adversely affect our business or financial results.
the anticipated benefits of the sovos brands acquisition may not be fully realized.
we expect that the acquisition of sovos brands will result in various benefits including, among other things, cost savings, cost synergies and revenue opportunities. achieving these anticipated benefits is subject to uncertainties, including whether we integrate in an efficient and effective manner, and general competitive factors in the marketplace. integrating sovos brands will be a complex, time-consuming and expensive process. we may experience unanticipated difficulties or expenses related to the integration, including:
13
• diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns;
• managing a larger combined business;
• perceived adverse changes in product offerings to consumers, whether or not these changes actually occur;
• assumption of unknown risks and liabilities;
• the retention of key suppliers and customers of sovos brands;
• attracting new business and operational relationships;
• retaining and integrating key employees and maintaining employee morale; and
• unforeseen expenses or delays.
after the acquisition, we may seek to combine certain operations, functions, systems and processes, which we may be unsuccessful or delayed in implementing. while we have assumed that a certain level of expenses would be incurred in connection with the sovos brands acquisition, transaction costs, acquisition-related costs, costs for synergies and integration costs may be more than anticipated. in addition, there are many factors beyond our control and the control of sovos brands that could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs and realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset incremental costs over time, any net benefit may not be achieved in the near term or at all. the failure to effectively address any of these risks, or any other risks related to the integration of the sovos brands acquisition, may adversely affect our business or financial results.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in "financial statements and supplementary data," as well as the information contained in "risk factors."
unless otherwise stated, the terms "we," "us," "our" and the "company" refer to campbell soup company and its consolidated subsidiaries.
executive summary we are a manufacturer and marketer of high-quality, branded food and beverage products. we operate in a highly competitive industry and experience competition in all of our categories.
in 2023 we delivered strong growth against all of our key financial metrics, exceeding our initial expectations and advancing many of our key strategic initiatives. during 2023, we navigated through a challenging environment marked by continued supply chain pressures, particularly around high input cost inflation. our improved supply chain execution combined with inflation-driven pricing, continued supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives partially mitigated ongoing inflationary pressures experienced in 2023.
strategy our strategy is to unlock our full growth potential by focusing on our core brands in two divisions within north america while delivering on the promise of our purpose - connecting people through food they love. our strategic plan is based on four pillars: build a winning team and culture; accelerate profitable growth; fuel investments and margins with targeted cost savings; and deliver on the promise of our purpose all as further discussed below.
we plan to continue our focus on building a winning team and culture by driving organizational engagement, belonging and effectiveness through our new employee value proposition: make history with campbell's, and modernizing our facilities. in 2023, we announced the consolidation of our snacks offices in charlotte, north carolina and norwalk, connecticut into camden, new jersey and a $50 million investment in the camden campus. we expect a single headquarters will accelerate our plan to build a winning team and culture by investing in our campus and our people. in addition, we plan to continue to deliver on the promise of our purpose with continued progress on our sustainability goals and strengthening our connection to the communities in which we operate.
17
we believe that we can accelerate our profitable growth model by growing market share and driving integrated business planning programming throughout the company. we expect to expand into new market segments through retail execution, marketing and innovation. in addition, we expect to continue to focus on accelerating the growth of our snacks brands while also sustaining the growth in u.s. soup and our other core brands.
we also expect to fuel investments and margins by continuing to focus on effective revenue management, transforming our supply chain into a competitive advantage, and finding innovative ways to enhance our products and processes to unlock cost efficiencies and savings across the enterprise. we continue to pursue our multi-year cost savings initiatives with targeted annualized cost savings of $1 billion for continuing operations by the end of 2025, with $890 million in cost savings achieved through 2023. see "restructuring charges and cost savings initiatives" for additional information on these initiatives.
business trends our businesses are being influenced by a variety of trends that we anticipate will continue in the future, including: cost inflation; changing consumer preferences; and a competitive and dynamic retail environment.
our strategy is designed, in part, to capture growing consumer preferences for snacking and convenience. for example, we believe that consumers are changing their eating habits by increasing the type and frequency of snacks they consume and are continuing in-home eating behaviors that were driven by the covid-19 pandemic.
retailers continue to use their buying power and negotiating strength to seek increased promotional programs funded by their suppliers and more favorable terms, including supplier-funded customized products. any consolidations among retailers would continue to create large and sophisticated customers that may further this trend. retailers also continue to grow and promote store brands that compete with branded products, especially on price.
throughout 2022 and continuing into 2023, our industry has been impacted by supply chain disruptions, commodity cost volatility, labor market issues, input cost inflation, and other global macroeconomic challenges. throughout 2023, we have experienced some moderation in input cost inflation, and we expect modest pressures of input cost inflation to continue into 2024. we anticipate continued supply chain productivity and previously implemented pricing actions to mitigate some of the inflationary pressures, and expect such benefits to largely offset the incremental costs in 2024. we will continue to evaluate the evolving macroeconomic environment to take action to mitigate the impact on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. we will also be lapping 2023 price increases, and anticipate that favorable net price realization will represent a reduced contribution to sales in 2024.
recent developments on august 7, 2023, we entered into an agreement to acquire sovos brands, inc. (sovos brands) for $23.00 per share in cash, representing a total enterprise value of approximately $2.7 billion. the closing of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and termination rights, including the approval of sovos brands' shareholders and regulatory approvals. we plan to finance the acquisition through the issuance of new debt. for additional information on this pending acquisition, see our form 8-k filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission on august 7, 2023, and note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
summary of results this summary of results provides significant highlights from the discussion and analysis that follows.
there were 52 weeks in 2023, 2022 and 2021.
•net sales increased 9% in 2023 to $9.357 billion with the benefit of favorable inflation-driven net price realization more than offsetting unfavorable volume/mix.
•gross profit, as a percent of sales, increased to 31.2% in 2023 from 30.7% a year ago. the increase was primarily due to favorable net price realization, supply chain productivity improvements and mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges, partially offset by higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs as well as unfavorable volume/mix.
•earnings per share were $2.85 in 2023, compared to $2.51 a year ago. the current year included expenses of $.15 per share and the prior year included expenses of $.34 per share from items impacting comparability as discussed below.
net earnings attributable to campbell soup company - 2023 compared with 2022
the following items impacted the comparability of net earnings and net earnings per share:
•in 2023, we recognized actuarial gains on our pension and postretirement plans in other expenses / (income) of $15 million ($11 million after tax, or $.04 per share). in 2022, we recognized actuarial losses in other expenses / (income) of $44 million ($33 million after tax, or $.11 per share);
18
•in 2023, we recognized gains in cost of products sold of $21 million ($16 million after tax, or $.05 per share) associated with unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges. in 2022, we recognized losses in cost of products sold of $59 million ($44 million after tax, or $.15 per share) associated with unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
•we implemented several cost savings initiatives in recent years. in 2023, we recorded restructuring charges of $16 million and implementation costs and other related costs of $24 million in administrative expenses, $18 million in cost of products sold, $5 million in marketing and selling expenses and $3 million in research and development expenses (aggregate impact of $50 million after tax, or $.17 per share) related to these initiatives. in 2022, we recorded restructuring charges of $5 million and implementation costs and other related costs of $20 million in administrative expenses, $5 million in cost of products sold and $1 million in marketing and selling expenses (aggregate impact of $24 million after tax, or $.08 per share) related to these initiatives. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements and "restructuring charges and cost savings initiatives" for additional information;
•in 2023, we recorded a pre- and after-tax loss in other expenses / (income) of $13 million ($.04 per share) on the sale of our emerald nuts business, which was sold on may 30, 2023;
•in 2023, we recorded accelerated amortization expense in other expenses / (income) of $7 million ($5 million after tax, or $.02 per share) related to customer relationship intangible assets due to the loss of certain contract manufacturing customers;
•in the first quarter of 2024, we announced our intent to acquire sovos brands. in 2023, we incurred transaction costs in other expenses / (income) of $5 million ($4 million after tax, or $.01 per share) associated with the pending acquisition, which we expect to close by the end of december 2023; and
•in 2022, we recorded a loss in interest expense of $4 million ($3 million after tax, or $.01 per share) on the extinguishment of debt.
the items impacting comparability are summarized below:
2023                                                                                                                2022
(millions, except per share amounts)                                           earnings            eps                       earnings                  eps impact            impact                    impact                    impact net earnings attributable to campbell soup company                            $858                 $2.85                     $757                      $2.51
pension and postretirement actuarial gains (losses)                            $11                 $.04                      $(33)                     $(.11)
commodity mark-to-market gains (losses)                                         16                       .05                 (44)                      (.15)
restructuring charges, implementation costs and other related costs           (50)                 (.17)                     (24)                      (.08)
charges associated with divestiture                                           (13)                 (.04)                     -                         -
accelerated amortization                                                       (5)                 (.02)                     -                         -
transaction costs                                                              (4)                 (.01)                     -                         -
loss on debt extinguishment                                                      -                 -                         (3)                       (.01)
impact of items on net earnings(1)                                           $(45)                 $(.15)                    $(104)                    $(.34)
__________________________________________
(1)sum of the individual amounts may not add due to rounding.
net earnings attributable to campbell soup company were $858 million ($2.85 per share) in 2023, compared to $757 million ($2.51 per share) in 2022. after adjusting for items impacting comparability, earnings increased reflecting an improved gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses, higher other expenses, higher administrative expenses and a higher effective tax rate. earnings per share benefited from a reduction in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. net periodic pension and postretirement benefit income excluding any actuarial gains or losses was $44 million ($33 million after tax, or $.11 per share) lower in 2023.
net earnings attributable to campbell soup company - 2022 compared with 2021
in addition to the 2022 items that impacted comparability of net earnings discussed above, the following items impacted the comparability of net earnings and net earnings per share:
continuing operations
•in 2021, we recognized actuarial gains on our pension and postretirement plans in other expenses / (income) of $203 million ($155 million after tax, or $.51 per share);
19
•in 2021, we recognized gains in cost of products sold of $50 million ($38 million after tax, or $.12 per share) associated with unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
•in 2021, we recorded restructuring charges of $21 million and implementation costs and other related costs of $28 million in administrative expenses, $3 million in cost of products sold and $1 million in marketing and selling expenses (aggregate impact of $40 million after tax, or $.13 per share) related to the cost savings initiatives discussed above. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements and "restructuring charges and cost savings initiatives" for additional information;
•in 2021, we recorded a loss in other expenses / (income) of $11 million (and a gain of $3 million after tax, or $.01 per share) on the sale of our plum baby food and snacks business; and
•in 2021, we recorded a $19 million ($.06 per share) deferred tax charge in connection with a legal entity reorganization as part of the continued integration of snyder's-lance, inc. (snyder's-lance).
the items impacting comparability are summarized below:
2022                                                                                                                                                                   2021
(millions, except per share amounts)                                             earnings                  eps                             earnings            eps impact                    impact                            impact            impact earnings from continuing operations attributable to campbell soup company        $757                      $2.51                        $1,008                 $3.30
continuing operations:
pension and postretirement actuarial gains (losses)                              $(33)                     $(.11)                         $155                 $.51
commodity mark-to-market gains (losses)                                          (44)                      (.15)                            38                     .12
restructuring charges, implementation costs and other related costs              (24)                      (.08)                          (40)                 (.13)
loss on debt extinguishment                                                      (3)                       (.01)                             -                 -
gain associated with divestiture                                                 -                         -                                 3                     .01
deferred tax charge                                                              -                         -                              (19)                 (.06)
impact of items on earnings from continuing operations(1)                        $(104)                    $(.34)                         $137                 $.45
__________________________________________
(1)sum of the individual amounts may not add due to rounding.
earnings from continuing operations were $757 million ($2.51 per share) in 2022, compared to $1.008 billion ($3.30 per share) in 2021. after adjusting for items impacting comparability, earnings from continuing operations decreased reflecting lower gross profit, lower other income and higher administrative expenses, mostly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses, lower interest expense and a lower effective tax rate. earnings per share benefited from a reduction in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding.
see "discontinued operations" for additional information.
discussion and analysis sales an analysis of net sales by reportable segment follows:
% change
(millions)                             2023   2022                    2021                                   2023/2022                  2022/2021
meals &amp; beverages            $4,907                   $4,607                  $4,621                             7                          -
snacks                            4,450                    3,955                   3,855                            13                          3
$9,357                   $8,562                  $8,476                             9                          1
20
an analysis of percent change of net sales by reportable segment follows:
2023 versus 2022                       meals &amp; beverages(1)            snacks                  total volume/mix                                                 (5)%            (2)%                    (4)%
net price realization(1)                                     12                      15   13
currency                                                    (1)            -                       -
divestiture                                                   -            -                       -
7%            13%                     9%
2022 versus 2021                 meals &amp; beverages         snacks(2)                      total(2)
volume/mix                       (6)%                          (6)%                               (6)%
net price realization(1)                                                         7
divestiture                      (1)                           -                                   (1)
-%                            3%                                   1%
__________________________________________
(1)includes revenue reductions from trade promotion and consumer coupon redemption programs.
(2)sum of the individual amounts does not add due to rounding.
in 2023, meals & beverages sales increased 7% primarily due to increases in u.s. retail products, including u.s. soup and prego pasta sauces, as well as gains in foodservice. favorable net price realization was partially offset by lower volume/mix. sales of u.s. soup increased 3% primarily due to increases in ready-to-serve soups and broth.
in 2022, meals & beverages sales were comparable with prior year. excluding the impact from the divestiture of the plum baby food and snacks business, sales increased primarily due to increases in u.s. soup and foodservice, partially offset by declines in v8 beverages. favorable inflation-driven net price realization was partially offset by lower volume/mix, which decreased primarily due to supply constraints driven by labor and materials availability and price elasticities. sales of u.s. soup increased 3% due to increases in ready-to-serve soups, condensed soups and broth.
in 2023, snacks sales increased 13% driven by sales of our power brands which increased 17%. sales increased due to increases in cookies and crackers, primarily goldfish crackers and lance sandwich crackers, and in salty snacks, primarily snyder's of hanover pretzels and kettle brand and cape cod potato chips. sales benefited from favorable net price realization.
in 2022, snacks sales increased 3% driven by sales of our power brands which increased 7%. sales increased due to increases in cookies and crackers, primarily goldfish crackers, and in salty snacks, primarily snyder's of hanover pretzels and kettle brand potato chips which more than offset declines in late july snacks, partially offset by declines in non-core businesses. favorable inflation-driven net price realization was partly offset by a decline in volume/mix. volume/mix declined driven by supply constraints due to labor and materials availability and price elasticities.
gross profit gross profit, defined as net sales less cost of products sold, increased by $290 million in 2023 from 2022 and decreased by $184 million in 2022 from 2021. as a percent of sales, gross profit was 31.2% in 2023, 30.7% in 2022 and 33.2% in 2021.
the 50 basis-point increase and the 250 basis-point decrease in gross profit margin in 2023 and 2022, respectively, were due to the following factors:
margin impact
2023                                                                                           2022
net price realization                                                   950                     540
productivity improvements                                               300                     130
cost inflation, supply chain costs and other factors(1)             (1,040)                   (810)
volume/mix(2)                                                         (150)                   (110)
higher restructuring-related costs                                     (10)                       -
50                                                                                            (250)
__________________________________________
(1)2023 includes an estimated positive margin impact of a 90 basis-point benefit from the change in unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges and 10 basis points from the benefit of cost savings initiatives, which were more than offset by cost inflation and other factors. 2022 includes an estimated positive margin
21
impact of 30 basis points from the benefit of cost savings initiatives, which was more than offset by cost inflation and other factors, including a 130 basis-point negative impact from the change in unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges.
(2)includes the impact of operating leverage.
marketing and selling expenses marketing and selling expenses as a percent of sales were 8.7% in 2023, 8.6% in 2022 and 9.6% in 2021. marketing and selling expenses increased 10% in 2023 from 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher advertising and consumer promotion expense (approximately 7 points) and higher selling expenses (approximately 6 points), partially offset by increased benefits from cost savings initiatives (approximately 3 points). the increase in advertising and consumer promotion expense was due in part to moderated levels in the prior year from supply constraints.
marketing and selling expenses decreased 10% in 2022 from 2021. the decrease was primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expense (approximately 10 points). the reduction in advertising and consumer promotion expense was primarily due to supply constraints.
administrative expenses administrative expenses as a percent of sales were 7.0% in 2023, 7.2% in 2022 and 7.1% in 2021. administrative expenses increased 6% in 2023 from 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher general administrative costs and inflation (approximately 8 points) and higher incentive compensation (approximately 2 points), partially offset by lower expenses related to the settlement of certain legal claims (approximately 4 points). administrative expenses in 2023 included $14 million of litigation expenses related to the plum baby food and snacks business, which we divested in may 2021.
administrative expenses increased 3% in 2022 from 2021. the increase was primarily due to expenses related to the settlement of certain legal claims (approximately 3 points) and higher general administrative costs (approximately 3 points), partially offset by increased benefits from cost savings initiatives (approximately 3 points).
other expenses / (income)
other expenses in 2023 included the following:
•$48 million of amortization of intangible assets, including accelerated amortization of $7 million;
•a loss of $13 million on the sale of the emerald nuts business;
•$5 million of transaction costs associated with the pending acquisition of sovos brands; and
• $35 million of net periodic benefit income, including pension and postretirement actuarial gains of $15 million.
other expenses in 2022 included the following:
•$41 million of amortization of intangible assets; and
•$23 million of net periodic benefit income, including pension and postretirement actuarial losses of $44 million.
other income in 2021 included the following:
•$285 million of net periodic benefit income, including pension and postretirement actuarial gains of $203 million;
•$27 million of income from transition services fees;
•$42 million of amortization of intangible assets; and
•a loss of $11 million on the sale of the plum baby food and snacks business.
22
operating earnings segment operating earnings increased 10% in 2023 from 2022 and decreased 3% in 2022 from 2021.
an analysis of operating earnings by segment follows:
% change
(millions)                                                 2023                    2022                    2021                  2023/2022                  2022/2021
meals &amp; beverages                                   $894                    $874                    $922                             2                        (5)
snacks                                                   640                     517                     514                            24                          1
1,534                   1,391                   1,436                            10                        (3)
corporate income (expense)                             (206)                   (223)                     130
restructuring charges(1)                                (16)                     (5)                    (21)
earnings before interest and taxes                    $1,312                  $1,163                  $1,545
__________________________________________
(1)see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on restructuring charges.
operating earnings from meals & beverages increased 2% in 2023 versus 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. gross profit margin decreased due to unfavorable volume/mix, with favorable net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements more than offsetting higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs.
operating earnings from meals & beverages decreased 5% in 2022 versus 2021. the decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit and higher administrative expenses, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. gross profit margin declined driven by higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs as well as unfavorable volume/mix, partially offset by favorable net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements.
operating earnings from snacks increased 24% in 2023 versus 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher marketing and selling expenses. gross profit margin increased due to favorable net price realization and supply chain productivity improvements, partially offset by higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs as well as unfavorable volume/mix.
operating earnings from snacks increased 1% in 2022 versus 2021. the increase primarily due to lower marketing and selling expenses and slightly higher gross profit, partially offset by higher administrative expenses due to the settlement of certain legal claims.
corporate expense in 2023 included the following:
•costs of $50 million related to cost savings initiatives;
•a loss of $13 million from the sale of the emerald nuts business;
•$7 million of accelerated amortization expense;
•$5 million of transaction costs associated with the pending acquisition of sovos brands;
•$21 million of unrealized mark-to-market gains on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges; and
•$15 million of pension and postretirement actuarial gains.
corporate expense in 2022 included the following:
•$59 million of unrealized mark-to-market losses on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
•$44 million of pension and postretirement actuarial losses; and
•costs of $26 million related to cost savings initiatives.
corporate income in 2021 included the following:
•$203 million of pension and postretirement actuarial gains;
•$50 million of unrealized mark-to-market gains on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
•costs of $32 million related to the cost savings initiatives; and
•a loss of $11 million from the sale of the plum baby food and snacks business.
23
excluding these amounts, the remaining change in 2023 from 2022 was primarily due to lower net periodic pension and postretirement benefit income in the current year and higher administrative expenses, including litigation expenses related to the plum baby food and snacks business.
interest expense interest expense decreased to $188 million in 2023 from $189 million in 2022. the decrease in interest expense was primarily due to a loss on extinguishment of debt of $4 million in 2022, partially offset by higher average interest rates on the debt portfolio.
interest expense decreased to $189 million in 2022 from $210 million in 2021. the decrease in interest expense was primarily due to lower levels of debt, partially offset by a loss on extinguishment of debt of $4 million in 2022.
taxes on earnings the effective tax rate was 23.9% in 2023, 22.4% in 2022 and 24.6% in 2021.
the increase in the effective tax rate in 2023 from 2022 was primarily due to the favorable impact of state income tax law changes in 2022.
the decrease in the effective rate in 2022 from 2021 was primarily due to a $19 million deferred tax charge recognized in the second quarter of 2021 in connection with a legal entity reorganization as part of the continued integration of snyder's-lance and state income tax law changes.
restructuring charges and cost savings initiatives multi-year cost savings initiatives and snyder's-lance cost transformation program and integration continuing operations beginning in fiscal 2015, we implemented initiatives to reduce costs and to streamline our organizational structure.
over the years, we expanded these initiatives by continuing to optimize our supply chain and manufacturing networks, as well as our information technology infrastructure.
on march 26, 2018, we completed the acquisition of snyder's-lance. prior to the acquisition, snyder's-lance launched a cost transformation program following a comprehensive review of its operations with the goal of significantly improving its financial performance. we continued to implement this program and identified opportunities for additional cost synergies as we integrated snyder's-lance.
in 2022, we expanded these initiatives as we continue to pursue cost savings by further optimizing our supply chain and manufacturing network and through effective cost management. in the second quarter of 2023, we announced plans to consolidate our snacks offices in charlotte, north carolina, and norwalk, connecticut, into our headquarters in camden, new jersey. cost estimates for these expanded initiatives, as well as timing for certain activities, are continuing to be developed.
a summary of charges recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings related to these initiatives is as follows:
(millions, except per share amounts)                2023                  2022                  2021                  recognized as of july 30, 2023
restructuring charges                            $16                     $5                   $21                                  $280
administrative expenses                           24                     20                    28                                   383
cost of products sold                             18                      5                     3                                   102
marketing and selling expenses                     5                      1                     1                                    19
research and development expenses                  3                      -                     -                                     7
total pre-tax charges                            $66                    $31                   $53                                  $791
aggregate after-tax impact                       $50                    $24                   $40
per share impact                                $.17                   $.08                  $.13
24
a summary of the pre-tax costs associated with these initiatives is as follows:
(millions)                                               recognized as of july 30, 2023
severance pay and benefits                                            $240
asset impairment/accelerated depreciation                              106
implementation costs and other related costs                           445
total                                                                 $791
the total estimated pre-tax costs for actions that have been identified are approximately $885 million to $905 million and we expect to incur the costs through 2025. these estimates will be updated as the expanded initiatives are developed.
we expect the costs for actions that have been identified to date to consist of the following: approximately $245 million to $250 million in severance pay and benefits; approximately $140 million in asset impairment and accelerated depreciation; and approximately $500 million to $515 million in implementation costs and other related costs. we expect these pre-tax costs to be associated with our segments as follows: meals & beverages - approximately 32%; snacks - approximately 43%; and corporate - approximately 25%.
of the aggregate $885 million to $905 million of pre-tax costs identified to date, we expect approximately $705 million to $725 million will be cash expenditures. in addition, we expect to invest approximately $620 million in capital expenditures through 2025, of which we invested $467 million as of july 30, 2023. the capital expenditures primarily relate to optimization of production within our meals & beverages manufacturing network, a u.s. warehouse optimization project, improvement of quality, safety and cost structure across the snyder's-lance manufacturing network, optimization of information technology infrastructure and applications, implementation of our existing sap enterprise-resource planning system for snyder's-lance, enhancements to our headquarters in camden, new jersey, and optimization of the snyder's-lance warehouse and distribution network.
we expect to fund the costs through cash flows from operations and short-term borrowings.
we expect the initiatives, once all phases are implemented, to generate annual ongoing savings of approximately $1 billion by the end of 2025. as of july 30, 2023, we have generated total program-to-date pre-tax savings of $890 million.
segment operating results do not include restructuring charges, implementation costs and other related costs because we evaluate segment performance excluding such charges. a summary of the pre-tax costs associated with segments is as follows:
(millions)                         2023                 costs incurred to date meals &amp; beverages           $26                             $251
snacks                           24                              345
corporate                        16                              195
total                           $66                             $791
see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
discontinued operations we completed the sale of our kelsen business on september 23, 2019, and the sale of the arnott's and certain other international operations on december 23, 2019. in the third quarter of 2021, we recognized a $6 million loss due to tax expense from return-to-provision adjustments related to the sale of these businesses.
liquidity and capital resources we expect foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements to be met through anticipated cash flows from operations; long-term borrowings; short-term borrowings, which may include commercial paper; credit facilities; and cash and cash equivalents. we believe that our sources of financing will be adequate to meet our future requirements.
we generated cash flows from operations of $1.143 billion in 2023, compared to $1.181 billion in 2022. the decline in 2023 was primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by higher cash earnings.
we generated cash flows from operations of $1.181 billion in 2022, compared to $1.035 billion in 2021. the increase in 2022 was primarily due changes in working capital, partially offset by lower cash earnings.
current assets are less than current liabilities, which include debt maturing in one year, as we focus on lowering core working capital requirements. we had negative working capital of $161 million as of july 30, 2023, and $923 million as of july 31, 2022. total debt maturing within one year was $191 million as of july 30, 2023, and $814 million as of july 31, 2022.
25
as part of our focus to lower core working capital requirements, we have worked with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including the extension of payment terms. our current payment terms with our suppliers, which we deem to be commercially reasonable, generally range from 0 to 120 days. we also maintain agreements with third-party administrators that allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and, at the sole discretion of the supplier, sell those payment obligations to participating financial institutions. our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. supplier participation in these agreements is voluntary. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. we have not pledged assets as security or provided any guarantees in connection with these arrangements. the payment of these obligations is included in cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. amounts outstanding under these programs, which are included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets, were $258 million at july 30, 2023, and $262 million at july 31, 2022.
capital expenditures were $370 million in 2023, $242 million in 2022 and $275 million in 2021. capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $440 million in 2024. capital expenditures in 2023 included chip and cracker capacity expansion for our snacks business and a new manufacturing line for our meals & beverages business. capital expenditures in 2022 included improvement of the quality and cost structure of the snyder's-lance manufacturing network, the continued implementation of our existing sap enterprise-resource planning system for snyder's-lance and cookie and cracker capacity expansion for our snacks business. capital expenditures in 2021 included the continued implementation of our existing sap enterprise-resource planning system for snyder's-lance, chip capacity expansion projects, a milano cookie capacity expansion project and a goldfish cracker capacity expansion project.
in snacks, we have a direct-store-delivery distribution model that uses independent contractor distributors. in order to maintain and expand this model, we routinely purchase and sell routes. the purchase and sale proceeds of the routes are reflected in investing activities.
on may 3, 2021, we completed the sale of our plum baby food and snacks business for $101 million.
on may 30, 2023, we completed the sale of our emerald nuts business for $41 million.
dividend payments were $447 million in 2023, $451 million in 2022 and $439 million in 2021. annual dividends declared were $1.48 per share in both 2023 and 2022 and $1.46 per share in 2021. the 2023 fourth quarter dividend was $.37 per share. the declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board and depends on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors that our board deems relevant to its analysis and decision making.
in june 2021, the board authorized an anti-dilutive share repurchase program of up to $250 million (june 2021 program) to offset the impact of dilution from shares issued under our stock compensation programs. the june 2021 program has no expiration date, but it may be suspended or discontinued at any time. repurchases under the anti-dilutive program may be made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions. in september 2021, the board approved a strategic share repurchase program of up to $500 million (september 2021 program). the september 2021 program has no expiration date, but it may be suspended or discontinued at any time. repurchases under the september 2021 program may be made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions. in 2023, we repurchased 2.7 million shares at a cost of $142 million. of this amount, $68 million was used to repurchase shares pursuant to our june 2021 program and $74 million was used to repurchase share pursuant to our september 2021 program. as of july 30, 2023, approximately $104 million remained available under the june 2021 program and approximately $301 million remained under the september 2021 program. in 2022, we repurchased 3.8 million shares at a cost of $167 million. in 2021, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares at a cost of $36 million. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements and "market for registrant's capital stock, related shareholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" for additional information.
on november 15, 2022, we entered into a delayed draw term loan credit agreement (the ddtl credit agreement) totaling up to $500 million scheduled to mature on november 15, 2025. loans under the ddtl credit agreement bear interest at the rates specified in the ddtl credit agreement, which vary based on the type of loan and certain other conditions. the ddtl credit agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including a financial covenant with respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of consolidated adjusted ebitda to consolidated interest expense (as each is defined in the ddtl credit agreement) of not less than 3.25:1.00, and events of default for credit facilities of this type. we borrowed $500 million under the ddtl credit agreement on march 13, 2023, and used the proceeds and cash on hand to repay the 3.65% $566 million notes that matured on march 15, 2023.
on march 4, 2022, we completed the redemption of all $450 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2.50% senior notes due august 2, 2022. the consideration for the redemption was $453 million, including $3 million of premium. we recognized a loss of $4 million (including the $3 million of premium and other costs), which was recorded in interest expense in the consolidated statement of earnings. in addition, we paid accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed notes through the date of settlement. we used a combination of cash on hand and short-term debt to fund the redemption.
26
in march 2021, we repaid our 3.30% $321 million notes and floating rate $400 million notes, and in may 2021, we repaid our 8.875% $200 million notes. the repayments were funded with available cash and commercial paper issuances.
as of july 30, 2023, we had $191 million of short-term borrowings due within one year, of which $178 million was comprised of commercial paper borrowings. as of july 30, 2023, we issued $29 million of standby letters of credit. on september 27, 2021, we entered into a committed revolving credit facility totaling $1.85 billion scheduled to mature on september 27, 2026. this facility remained unused at july 30, 2023, except for $1 million of standby letters of credit that we issued under it. the facility contains customary covenants, including a financial covenant with respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of consolidated adjusted ebitda to consolidated interest expense (as each is defined in the credit facility) of not less than 3.25:1.00, measured quarterly, and customary events of default for credit facilities of this type. loans under this facility will bear interest at the rates specified in the facility, which vary based on the type of loan and certain other customary conditions. the facility supports our commercial paper program and other general corporate purposes. we expect to continue to access the commercial paper markets, bank credit lines and utilize cash flows from operations to support our short-term liquidity requirements.
on april 4, 2023, we entered into an amendment to our existing revolving credit facility to replace remaining libor-based benchmark rates applicable to borrowings under the revolving credit facility with sofr-based benchmark rates, in advance of the cessation of libor occurring on june 30, 2023.
we are in compliance with the covenants contained in our credit facilities and debt securities.
in august 2023, we filed a registration statement with the securities and exchange commission that registered an indeterminate amount of debt securities. under the registration statement we may issue debt securities from time to time, depending on market conditions.
we intend to finance the pending sovos brands acquisition with the issuance of new debt.
contractual obligations and other commitments contractual obligations we have short- and long-term material cash requirements related to our contractual obligations that arise in the normal course of business. in addition to principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt obligations, our contractual obligations primarily consist of purchase commitments, lease payments and pension and postretirement benefits.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our principal payments for short-term borrowings and long-term debt obligations as of july 30, 2023. interest payments primarily for short-term borrowings and long-term debt as of july 30, 2023 are approximately as follows: $188 million in 2024; $305 million in 2025 through 2026; $218 million in 2027 through 2028; and $1.129 billion from 2029 through maturity. interest payments are based on principal amounts and coupons or contractual rates at fiscal year end.
purchase commitments represent purchase orders and long-term purchase arrangements related to the procurement of ingredients, supplies, machinery, equipment and services. as of july 30, 2023, purchase commitments totaled approximately $1.762 billion. approximately $1.31 billion of these purchase commitments will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the next 12 months and the balance of $452 million from 2025 through 2031.
see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our lease obligations as of july 30, 2023.
as of july 30, 2023, we have a pension liability of $105 million and a postretirement benefit obligation of $153 million. as of july 30, 2023, we also have a pension asset of $164 million based on the funded status of certain plans. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements and "critical accounting estimates" for further discussion of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations.
off-balance sheet arrangements and other commitments we guarantee approximately 4,700 bank loans made to independent contractor distributors by third-party financial institutions for the purchase of distribution routes. the maximum potential amount of the future payments under existing guarantees we could be required to make is $496 million as of july 30, 2023. our guarantees are indirectly secured by the distribution routes. we do not expect that we will be required to make material guarantee payments as a result of defaults on the bank loans guaranteed.
these obligations and commitments impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. we expect foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements to be met through anticipated cash flows from operations; long-term borrowings; short-term borrowings, which may include commercial paper; credit facilities; and cash and cash equivalents. we believe that our sources of financing will be adequate to meet our future requirements.
27
market risk sensitivity the principal market risks to which we are exposed are changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. in addition, we are exposed to equity price changes related to certain deferred compensation obligations. we manage our foreign currency exposures by utilizing foreign exchange forward contracts. we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts for periods consistent with related underlying exposures, and the contracts do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. we manage our exposure to changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and we may utilize interest rate swaps in order to maintain our variable-to-total debt ratio within targeted guidelines. we principally use a combination of purchase orders and various short- and long-term supply arrangements in connection with the purchase of raw materials, including certain commodities and agricultural products. we also enter into commodity futures, options and swap contracts to reduce the volatility of price fluctuations of wheat, diesel fuel, natural gas, soybean oil, aluminum, cocoa, corn, soybean meal and butter. we do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes and do not use leveraged instruments.
the information below summarizes our market risks associated with significant financial instruments as of july 30, 2023. fair values included herein have been determined based on quoted market prices or pricing models using current market rates. the information presented below should be read in conjunction with notes 12, 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk, primarily the canadian dollar, related to intercompany transactions and third-party transactions. we utilize foreign exchange forward purchase and sale contracts to hedge these exposures. the notional amounts of the contracts as of july 30, 2023, and july 31, 2022, were $140 million and $153 million, respectively. the aggregate fair value of all contracts was a loss of $1 million as of july 30, 2023, and a gain of $2 million as of july 31, 2022. a hypothetical 10% fluctuation in exchange rates would impact the fair value of our outstanding foreign exchange contracts by approximately $17 million as of july 30, 2023, and july 31, 2022, which would generally be offset by inverse changes on the underlying hedged items.
as of july 30, 2023, we had outstanding variable-rate debt of $678 million with an average interest rate of 6.18%. as of july 31, 2022, we had outstanding variable-rate debt of $235 million with an average interest rate of 2.63%. a hypothetical 100-basis-point increase in average interest rates applied to our variable-rate debt balances throughout 2023 and 2022 would have increased annual interest expense in those years by approximately $4 million and $1 million, respectively.
as of july 30, 2023, we had outstanding fixed-rate debt of $4.041 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 3.79%. as of july 31, 2022, we had outstanding fixed-rate debt of $4.609 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 3.76%. the fair value of fixed-rate debt was $3.615 billion as of july 30, 2023 and $4.402 billion as of july 31, 2022. as of july 30, 2023, and july 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100-basis-point increase in interest rates would decrease the fair value of our fixed-rate debt by approximately $221 million and $274 million, respectively, while a hypothetical 100-basis-point decrease in interest rates would increase the fair value of our fixed-rate debt by approximately $256 million and $318 million, respectively. the impact of market interest rate fluctuations on our long-term debt does not affect our results of operations or financial position.
we enter into commodity futures, options and swap contracts, and a supply contract under which prices for certain raw materials are established based on anticipated volume requirements to reduce the volatility of price fluctuations for commodities. as of july 30, 2023, the total notional amount of the contracts was $241 million, and the aggregate fair value of these contracts was a gain of $11 million. as of july 31, 2022, the total notional amount of these contracts was $296 million, and the aggregate fair value of these contracts was a loss of $7 million. a hypothetical 10% fluctuation in commodity prices would impact the fair value of our outstanding commodity contracts by approximately $25 million as of july 30, 2023, and $30 million as of july 31, 2022, which would generally be offset by inverse changes on the underlying hedged items.
we enter into swap contracts which hedge a portion of exposures relating to the total return of certain deferred compensation obligations. the notional amount of the contracts was $42 million as of july 30, 2023, and $50 million as of july 31, 2022. the fair value of these contracts was a gain of $4 million as of july 30, 2023, and a loss of $4 million as of july 31, 2022. a hypothetical 10% fluctuation in equity price changes would impact the fair value of our outstanding swap contracts by $5 million as of july 30, 2023, and july 31, 2022, which would generally be offset by inverse changes on the underlying hedged items.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of significant accounting policies. the following areas all require the use of subjective or complex judgments, estimates and assumptions:
28
trade and consumer promotion programs - we offer various sales incentive programs to customers and consumers, such as feature price discounts, in-store display incentives, cooperative advertising programs, new product introduction fees and coupons. the mix between these forms of variable consideration, which are classified as reductions in revenue and recognized upon sale, and advertising or other marketing activities, which are classified as marketing and selling expenses, fluctuates between periods based on our overall marketing plans. the measurement and recognition of the costs for trade and consumer promotion programs involves the use of judgment related to performance and redemption estimates. estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors, including expected volume. typically, programs that are offered have a very short duration. historically, the difference between actual experience compared to estimated redemptions and performance has not been significant to the quarterly or annual financial statements. differences between estimates and actual costs are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period. however, actual expenses may differ if the level of redemption rates and performance were to vary from estimates. accrued trade and consumer promotion liabilities as of july 30, 2023 and july 31, 2022 were $156 million and $141 million, respectively.
valuation of long-lived assets - fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if the carrying amount of the asset is recoverable. if impairment is determined to exist, the loss is calculated based on estimated fair value.
goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually in the fourth quarter for impairment, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may be impaired.
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. the qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. we may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses. the discounted estimates of future cash flows include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average costs of capital and future economic and market conditions. if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value, goodwill is considered impaired. an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill in the reporting unit.
indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. fair value is determined using a relief from royalty valuation method based on discounted cash flow analyses that include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates, weighted average costs of capital and assumed royalty rates. if the carrying value exceeds fair value, an impairment charge will be recorded to reduce the asset to fair value.
as of july 30, 2023, the carrying value of goodwill was $3.965 billion. based on our assessments, all of our reporting units had fair values that significantly exceeded carrying values.
as of july 30, 2023, the carrying value of indefinite-lived trademarks was $2.541 billion as detailed below:
(millions)
snyder's of hanover                $620
lance                               350
kettle brand                        318
pace                                292
pacific foods                       280
cape cod                            187
various other snacks(1)             494
total                            $2,541
_____________________________________
(1)associated with the acquisition of snyder's-lance.
as of the 2023 annual impairment testing, indefinite-lived trademarks with approximately 10% or less of excess coverage of fair value over carrying value had an aggregate carrying value of $434 million and included the pacific foods and certain other snacks trademarks. although assumptions are generally interdependent and do not change in isolation, sensitivities to changes are provided below. holding all other assumptions in our 2023 impairment testing constant, changes in the assumptions below would reduce fair value of trademarks and result in impairment charges of approximately:
29
(millions)   pacific foods            various other snacks
1% increase in the weighted-average cost of capital   $20                              $25
1% reduction in revenue growth   $-                               $10
1% decrease in royalty rate   $20                              $50
while the 1% changes in assumptions would not result in impairment charges on our other trademarks, some changes would reduce the excess coverage of fair value over carrying value to less than 10% for the snyder's of hanover, kettle brand, cape cod and pace trademarks.
the estimates of future cash flows used in impairment testing are made at a point in time, involve considerable management judgment, and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating performance, assumed royalty rates, economic conditions, market conditions and cost of capital. inherent in estimating the future cash flows are uncertainties beyond our control, such as changes in capital markets. the actual cash flows could differ materially from management's estimates due to changes in business conditions, operating performance and economic conditions. if our assumptions change or market conditions decline, potential impairment charges could result.
see also note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on goodwill and intangible assets.
pension and postretirement benefits - we provide certain pension and postretirement benefits to employees and retirees. determining the cost associated with such benefits is dependent on various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care trend rates. independent actuaries, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, perform the required calculations to determine expense. actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately in other expenses / (income) in the consolidated statements of earnings as of the measurement date, which is our fiscal year end, or more frequently if an interim remeasurement is required. we use the fair value of plan assets to calculate the expected return on plan assets.
in establishing the discount rate, we review published market indices of high-quality debt securities, adjusted as appropriate for duration. in addition, independent actuaries apply high-quality bond yield curves to the expected benefit payments of the plans. we use a full yield curve approach to estimate service cost and interest cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used to determine the benefit obligation of the relevant projected cash flows.
the expected return on plan assets is a long-term assumption based upon historical experience and expected future performance, considering our current and projected investment mix. this estimate is based on an estimate of future inflation, long-term projected real returns for each asset class and a premium for active management. within any given fiscal period, significant differences may arise between the actual return and the expected return on plan assets. gains and losses resulting from differences between actual experience and the assumptions are determined at each measurement date.
as of july 30, 2023, we have a pension liability of $105 million and a postretirement benefit obligation of $153 million. as of july 30, 2023, we also have a pension asset of $164 million based on the funded status of certain plans.
net periodic pension and postretirement benefit expense (income) and actuarial losses (gains) included within net periodic pension and benefit expense (income) were as follows:
(millions)                                                                    2023          2022                  2021
total net periodic pension and postretirement benefit expense (income)        $(22)                     $(7)               $(267)
actuarial losses (gains)                                                      $(15)                      $44               $(203)
the pension actuarial gains recognized in 2023 were primarily due to increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation, partially offset by losses on plan assets and plan experience. the pension actuarial losses recognized in 2022 were primarily due to to losses on plan assets, partially offset by increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation. the pension actuarial gains recognized in 2021 were primarily due to higher than anticipated investment gains on plan assets and increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation.
excluding actuarial gains and losses, net periodic pension and postretirement benefit income was $44 million lower in 2023 compared to 2022. based on benefit obligations and plan assets as of july 30, 2023, net periodic pension and postretirement benefit income excluding any actuarial losses or gains is estimated to be approximately $13 million lower in 2024, subject to the impact of interim remeasurements. the decrease in 2024 is primarily due to a lower market value of plan assets.
30
significant weighted-average assumptions as of the end of the year were as follows:
2023                                                                   2022                 2021
pension discount rate for benefit obligations            5.46%                4.58%                2.69%
expected return on plan assets                   6.38%                6.40%                5.82%
postretirement discount rate for obligations                    5.47%                4.48%                2.37%
based on benefit obligations and plan assets as of july 30, 2023, estimated sensitivities to 2024 annual net periodic pension and postretirement cost are as follows:
•a 50-basis-point increase in the discount rate would result in expense of approximately $5 million and would result in an immediate actuarial gain recognition of approximately $43 million;
•a 50-basis-point decline in the discount rate would result in income of approximately $5 million and would result in an immediate actuarial loss recognition of approximately $53 million; and
•a 50-basis-point reduction in the estimated return on assets assumption would result in expense of approximately $5 million.
contributions to pension plans were not material in 2023, 2022 and 2021 and are not expected to be material in 2024.
see also note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on pension and postretirement benefits.
income taxes - the effective tax rate reflects statutory tax rates, tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate and management's estimate of the ultimate outcome of various tax audits and issues. significant judgment is required in determining the effective tax rate and in evaluating tax positions. income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable in the current year and include the effect of deferred taxes. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future impact of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
see also notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on income taxes.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for information on recent accounting pronouncements.
cautionary factors that may affect future results this report contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations regarding our future results of operations, economic performance, financial condition and achievements. these forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "pursue," "strategy," "target," "will" and similar expressions. one can also identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and may reflect anticipated cost savings or implementation of our strategic plan. these statements reflect our current plans and expectations and are based on information currently available to us. they rely on several assumptions regarding future events and estimates which could be inaccurate and which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties.
we wish to caution the reader that the following important factors and those important factors described in part 1, item 1a and elsewhere in this report, or in our other securities and exchange commission filings, could affect our actual results and could cause such results to vary materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, us:
•the conditions to the completion of the sovos brands transaction, including obtaining sovos brands' shareholder approval, may not be satisfied, or the regulatory approvals required for the transaction may not be obtained on the terms expected, on the anticipated schedule, or at all;
•financing for the sovos brands transaction may not be obtained on favorable terms, or at all;
•closing of the sovos brands transaction may not occur or be delayed, either as a result of litigation related to the transaction or otherwise or result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability;
31
•the risk that the cost savings and any other synergies from the sovos brands transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer or cost more to be realized than expected, including that the sovos brands transaction may not be accretive within the expected timeframe or the extent anticipated;
•completing the sovos brands transaction may distract our management from other important matters;
•the risks related to the availability of, and cost inflation in, supply chain inputs, including labor, raw materials, commodities, packaging and transportation;
•our ability to execute on and realize the expected benefits from our strategy, including growing sales in snacks and growing/maintaining our market share position in soup;
•the impact of strong competitive responses to our efforts to leverage brand power with product innovation, promotional programs and new advertising;
•the risks associated with trade and consumer acceptance of product improvements, shelving initiatives, new products and pricing and promotional strategies;
•our ability to realize projected cost savings and benefits from cost savings initiatives and the integration of recent acquisitions;
•disruptions in or inefficiencies to our supply chain and/or operations, including reliance on key supplier relationships;
•risks related to the effectiveness of our hedging activities and our ability to respond to volatility in commodity prices;
•the impacts of, and associated responses to, the covid-19 pandemic on our business, suppliers, customers, consumers and employees;
•our ability to manage changes to our organizational structure and/or business processes, including selling, distribution, manufacturing and information management systems or processes;
•changes in consumer demand for our products and favorable perception of our brands;
•changing inventory management practices by certain of our key customers;
•a changing customer landscape, with value and e-commerce retailers expanding their market presence, while certain of our key customers maintain significance to our business;
•product quality and safety issues, including recalls and product liabilities;
•the possible disruption to the independent contractor distribution models used by certain of our businesses, including as a result of litigation or regulatory actions affecting their independent contractor classification;
•the uncertainties of litigation and regulatory actions against us;
•the costs, disruption and diversion of management's attention associated with activist investors;
•a disruption, failure or security breach of our or our vendors' information technology systems, including ransomware attacks;
•impairment to goodwill or other intangible assets;
•our ability to protect our intellectual property rights;
•increased liabilities and costs related to our defined benefit pension plans;
•our ability to attract and retain key talent;
•goals and initiatives related to, and the impacts of, climate change, including from weather-related events;
•negative changes and volatility in financial and credit markets, deteriorating economic conditions and other external factors, including changes in laws and regulations; and
•unforeseen business disruptions or other impacts due to political instability, civil disobedience, terrorism, geopolitical conflicts (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine), extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, other pandemics or other calamities.
this discussion of uncertainties is by no means exhaustive but is designed to highlight important factors that may impact our outlook. we disclaim any obligation or intent to update forward-looking statements made by us in order to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date they are made.
