item 1a.    risk factors risks relating to operating our business we face substantial competition and expect that such competition will continue.
the gaming industry is highly competitive and competition is intense in most of the markets in which we operate. we compete with a variety of gaming operations, including land-based casinos, dockside casinos, riverboat casinos, casinos located on racing tracks, casinos located on native american reservations and other forms of legalized gaming such as video gaming terminals at bars, restaurants and truck stops and online gambling and sports betting. we also compete, to a lesser extent, with other forms of legalized gaming and entertainment such as bingo, pull tab games, card parlors, sportsbooks, fantasy sports websites, cruise line operations, pari-mutuel or telephonic betting on horse racing and dog racing, state-sponsored lotteries and, in the future, may compete with gaming at other venues. in addition, we compete more generally with other forms of entertainment for the discretionary spending of our customers. in some instances, particularly in the case of native american casinos, our competitors pay lower taxes or no taxes.
in recent years, many casino and online gaming operators, including us, have reinvested in existing jurisdictions to attract new customers or to gain market share, thereby increasing competition in those jurisdictions. in particular, we and other online betting and gaming operators have undertaken extensive marketing campaigns and made significant investments in customer acquisition through pricing and promotional policies. in addition, in response to changing trends, las vegas operators have focused on expanding their non-gaming offerings, including upgrades to hotel rooms, new food and beverage offerings, and new entertainment offerings. the expansion of online betting and gaming in new jurisdictions and the growth of the number of competitors in the online betting and gaming market, the expansion of existing casino entertainment properties, the increase in the number of properties, and the aggressive marketing strategies of many of our competitors have increased competition in many markets in which we operate, and this intense competition is expected to continue. these competitive pressures have and are expected to continue to adversely affect our financial performance.
our brick-and-mortar operations face increasing competition as a result of the expansion of legalized online gaming and betting, including our own online betting and gaming operations, in a number of the jurisdictions in which we operate. while we believe that we are well positioned to compete with new entrants to the betting and gaming market through our online betting and gaming offerings, the competitive dynamic is evolving and we cannot assure you that our results of operations will not be adversely impacted by the expansion of legalized online gaming and betting.
states that already have legalized casino gaming may further expand gaming, and other states that have not yet legalized gaming may do so in the future. we also compete with native american gaming operations in california and other jurisdictions where native american tribes operate large-scale gaming facilities or otherwise conduct gaming activities on native american lands, which we expect will continue to expand. further expansion of legalized casino gaming in jurisdictions in or near our markets or changes to gaming laws in states in which we have operations and in states near our operations could increase competition and could adversely affect our operations.
increased competition may require us to make substantial expenditures in marketing, customer development and capital projects to maintain and enhance the competitive positions of our online and brick and mortar operations to increase the attractiveness and add to the appeal of our facilities and product offerings. because a significant portion of our cash flow is required to pay obligations under our outstanding indebtedness and our lease obligations, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient funds to undertake, or that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing to fund, such expenditures. if we are unable to make such expenditures, our competitive position could be negatively affected.
our business is sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending as a result of downturns in the economy and other factors outside our control.
consumer demand for casino hotel and racetrack properties and online betting and gaming is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the associated impact on discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions, effects of declines in consumer confidence in the economy, the impact of high energy and food costs, rising interest rates, the increased cost of travel, decreased disposable consumer income and wealth, fears of war and future acts of terrorism, or widespread illnesses or epidemics, including covid-19, can have a material adverse effect on leisure and business travel, discretionary spending and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming and entertainment industries in general and could further reduce customer demand for the amenities and products that we offer. in addition, increases in gasoline prices, including increases prompted by global political and economic instabilities, can adversely affect our casino operations because most of our patrons travel to our properties by car or on airlines that may pass on increases in fuel costs to passengers in the form of higher ticket prices.
win rates (hold rates) for our casino operations depend on a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, and participation in the sports betting industry exposes us to trading, liability management and pricing risks. we may experience lower than expected profitability and potentially significant losses as a result of factors beyond our control or a failure to accurately determine odds.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. accordingly, we employ theoretical win rates to estimate what a certain type of game, on average, will win or lose in the long run. in addition to the element of chance, win rates (hold percentages) are also affected by the spread of table limits and factors that are beyond our control, such as a player's skill, experience, and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the volume of bets placed, and the amount of time players spend gambling. as a result of the variability in these factors, the actual win rates at our casinos may differ from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the winnings of our gaming customers exceeding those anticipated. the variability of win rates (hold rates) also have the potential to negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
our fixed-odds betting products involve betting where winnings are paid on the basis of the amounts wagered and the odds quoted. odds are determined with the objective of providing an average return to the bookmaker over a large number of events. however, there can be significant variation in gross win percentage event-by-event and day-by-day. we have systems and controls that seek to reduce the risk of daily losses occurring on a gross-win basis, but there can be no assurance that these will be effective in reducing our exposure to this risk. as a result we may experience (and we have from time to time experienced) significant losses with respect to individual events or betting outcomes, in particular if large individual bets are placed on an event or betting outcome or series of events or betting outcomes. any significant losses on a gross-win basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, the odds that we offer in our sportsbook operations may occasionally contain an obvious error. examples of such errors are inverted lines between teams, or odds that are significantly different from the true odds of the outcome in a way that all reasonable persons would agree is an error. if regulatory restrictions do not permit us to void or re-set odds to correct odds on bets associated with large obvious errors in odds making, we could be subject to covering significant liabilities.
we rely on third parties to provide services that are essential to the operation of our online betting and gaming business, including, player account management, geolocation and identity verification, payment processing and sports data.
we rely on third parties to provide services that are essential to the operation of our online betting and gaming business, including player account management, geolocation and identity verification systems to ensure we comply with laws and regulations, processing deposits and withdrawals made by our online users and providing information regarding schedules, results, performance and outcomes of sporting events to determine when and how bets are settled. the software, systems and services provided by our third-party providers may not meet our expectations, contain errors or weaknesses, be compromised or experience outages. a failure of such third-party systems to perform effectively, or any service interruption to those systems, could adversely affect our business by preventing users from accessing our online platform, delaying payment or resulting in errors in settling bets, which could give rise to regulatory issues relating to the operation of our business. by way of example, incorrect or misleading geolocation and identity verification data with respect to current or potential users received from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently allowing access to our offerings to individuals who are not permitted to access them or otherwise inadvertently denying access to individuals who are permitted to access them, and errors or failures by our payment processors and sports data providers could result in a failure to timely and accurately process payments to and from users or errors in settling bets. any such errors or failures could result in violations of applicable regulatory requirements and adversely affect our reputation and our ability to attract and retain our online users. furthermore, negative publicity related to any of our third-party partners could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure.
in addition, if any of our third-party services providers terminates its relationship with us, is unable to maintain necessary regulatory approvals, or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would have to find alternate service providers. we cannot be certain that we would be able to secure favorable terms from alternative service providers that are critical to the operation of our business or enter into alternative arrangements in a timely manner. our digital business, results of operations and prospects would be adversely impacted by our inability or delay in securing replacement services that are sufficient to support our online business or are on comparable terms.
the growth of our digital business will depend, in part, on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties.
we rely on relationships with sports leagues and teams, media companies and other third parties in order to attract users to our offerings. for example, in 2019 we entered into an exclusive sports entertainment partnership with the nfl, making us the first ever "official casino sponsor" in the history of the league. these relationships, along with providers of online services, search engines, social media, directories and other websites and e-commerce businesses direct consumers to our offerings. while we believe there are other third parties that could drive users to our online offerings, adding or transitioning to them may disrupt our business and increase our costs, and may require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings. furthermore, sports leagues, teams and venues may enter into exclusive partnerships with our competitors which could adversely affect our ability to offer certain types of wagers. in the event that any of our existing relationships or our future relationships fail to provide services to us in accordance with the terms of our arrangement, or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, our ability to cost effectively attract consumers could be impacted and our online betting and gaming business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected.
the growth of our digital business will require investments in our online offerings, technology and strategic marketing initiatives, which could be costly and negatively impact the economics of our online business.
the online betting and gaming industry is subject to rapid and frequent changes in standards, technologies, products and service offerings, as well as in customer demands and preferences and regulations, which will require us to continually introduce and successfully implement new and innovative technologies, marketing strategies, product offerings and enhancements to remain competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand, acceptance and engagement. the process of developing new online offerings and systems is inherently complex and uncertain, and new offerings may not be well received by users, even if they are well-reviewed and of high quality. developing new offerings and marketing strategies can also divert our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. new online offerings that attain market acceptance and aggressive marketing strategies implemented in the competitive online market environment could impact the mix of our existing business, including our casino business, or the share of our patron's wallets in a manner that could negatively impact our results of operations. in addition, online betting and gaming operates in a competitive environment that requires significant investment in marketing initiatives, including free play and use of a variety of free and paid marketing channels, including television, radio, social media platforms, such as facebook, instagram, x (formerly known as twitter), and other digital channels. we cannot be sure that our investments in technology, products, service offerings and marketing initiatives will be successful or generate the return on investment that we expect. we have incurred losses in the past in our digital business and cannot be sure that our profitability will continue. if new or existing competitors offer more attractive offerings or engage in marketing initiatives that are better received by customers, we may lose users or users may decrease their spending on our offerings. further, new customer demands, superior competitive offerings, new industry standards or changes in the regulatory environment could render our offerings unattractive, unmarketable or obsolete and require us to make substantial unanticipated changes to our technology or business model. failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market or evolving customer demands, and costs required to be incurred to react to dynamic market conditions, could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
we face the risk of fraud, theft, and cheating.
we face the risk that gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft or cheat in order to increase winnings. such acts of fraud, theft, or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers, or other casino or gaming area staff. additionally, we also face the risk that customers may attempt or commit fraud or theft with respect to our non-gaming offerings or against other customers. such risks include stolen credit or charge cards or cash, falsified checks, theft of retail inventory and purchased goods, and unpaid or counterfeit receipts. failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our operations. negative publicity related to such acts or schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we extend credit to a portion of our customers, and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit customers.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. any such credit we extend is unsecured. high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than customers who tend to wager lower amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular period. we extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. these large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible. gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of the jurisdictions in which we allow play on a credit basis, and judgments on gaming debts in such jurisdictions are enforceable in all u.s. states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution; however, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from u.s. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.
in addition, the chinese government has taken steps to prohibit the transfer of cash for the payment of gaming debts. these developments may have the effect of reducing the collectability of gaming debts of players from china. it is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect or become more restrictive in the future. these and any future foreign currency control policy developments that may be implemented by foreign jurisdictions could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the outbreak of pandemics and other public health matters and related impacts have had, and may once again have, a significant impact on our operations and results of operations.
public health issues and mitigation measures recommended or required by public health officials have had a material adverse effect on our operations. for example, all of our casino properties were temporarily closed for several weeks during 2020 due to orders issued by various government agencies and tribal bodies. following re-opening of our properties, our operations were affected by social distancing measures, including reduced gaming operations, limitations on number of customers present in our facilities, restrictions on hotel, food and beverage outlets and limits on events that would otherwise attract customers to our properties. while restrictions on our operations were eased in 2021 and we experienced positive operating trends, prolonged impacts on the economy, our industry and our business continued, with increased challenges arising from labor shortages, higher labor costs, supply chain challenges, increasing costs of goods and services, inflation and rising interest rates, among other impacts. the extent and duration of the impact of such measures on our business is difficult to predict and such impacts may intensify.
acts of terrorism, war, natural disasters, severe weather, and political, economic and military conditions may impede our ability to operate or may negatively impact our financial results.
terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility have created many economic and political uncertainties. for example, a substantial number of the customers of our properties in las vegas use air travel. as a result of terrorist acts that occurred on september 11, 2001, domestic and international travel was severely disrupted, which resulted in a decrease in customer visits to our properties in las vegas. visitation to las vegas also declined for a period of time following the mass shooting tragedy on october 1, 2017. we cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any further terrorist act, security alerts or war, uprisings, or hostilities in places such as iraq, afghanistan, israel, ukraine, and/or syria or other countries throughout the world, and governmental responses to those acts or hostilities, will directly or indirectly impact our business and operating results. for example, a third party that is responsible for our player account management has employees located internationally in countries impacted by such hostility and further negative developments in such countries could negatively impact our digital business. as a consequence of the threat of terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility in the future, premiums for a variety of insurance products have increased, and some types of insurance may no longer be available. if any such event were to affect our properties, we would likely be adversely affected.
in addition, natural and man-made disasters such as major fires, floods, severe snowstorms, hurricanes, earthquakes, and oil spills could also adversely impact our business and operating results. severe weather and natural disasters may increase in frequency and severity as a result of climate change. such events could lead to the loss of use of one or more of our properties for an extended period of time and disrupt our ability to attract customers to certain of our gaming facilities. for example, our property in lake charles, louisiana was closed in august 2020 until december 2022 due to damage resulting from hurricane laura. inadequate insurance or lack of available insurance for these and other certain types or levels of risk could expose us to significant losses in the event that a catastrophe occurred for which we are underinsured. in most cases, we have insurance that covers portions of any losses from a natural disaster, but it is subject to deductibles and maximum payouts in many cases. although we may be covered by insurance from a natural disaster, the timing of our receipt of insurance proceeds, if any, may be out of our control. in some cases, however, we may receive no proceeds from insurance. in addition, if such events increase in frequency and/or severity, insurance premiums may increase significantly or insurance may not be available to protect against future events. further, if properties subject to our leases with vici and glpi are impacted by a casualty event, such leases require us to repair or restore the affected properties even if the cost of such repair or restoration exceeds the insurance proceeds that we receive. under such circumstances, the rent under such leases is required to be paid during the period of repair or restoration even if all or a portion of the affected property is not operating. in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of the casualty event or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. while we carry general liability insurance and business interruption insurance, there can be no assurance that insurance will be available or adequate to cover all loss and damage to which our business or our assets might be subjected and the timing and receipt of insurance proceeds, if any, may be out of our control.
increased scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, consumers, employees, regulators, and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee recruitment and retention.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance ("esg") practices and reporting. investors, consumers, employees and other stakeholders have focused increasingly on esg practices and placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments, purchases and other interactions with companies. with this increased focus, public reporting regarding esg practices is becoming more broadly expected. if our esg practices and reporting do not meet investor, consumer or employee expectations, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation and customer retention may be negatively impacted.
as esg best practices and reporting standards continue to develop, we may incur increasing costs related to esg monitoring and reporting and compliance with esg initiatives. we publish an annual corporate social responsibility report, which highlights, among other things, our climate change mitigation activities and how we are supporting our workforce, including our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging efforts. our disclosures on these matters, or a failure to meet evolving stakeholder expectations for esg practices and reporting, may potentially harm our reputation and customer relationships.
furthermore, if our competitors' esg performance is perceived to be better than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest with our competitors instead. in addition, in the event that we communicate certain initiatives or goals regarding esg matters, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. if we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders, or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected.
our ability to achieve any esg objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such risks include:
•the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources;
•the evolving regulatory requirements affecting esg standards or disclosures;
•the availability of suppliers that can meet sustainability, diversity and other esg standards that we may set;
•our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our labor markets; and
•the success of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations.
if we fail, or are perceived to be failing, to meet the standards or objectives included in any sustainability disclosure or the expectations of our various stakeholders, it could negatively impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee retention. in addition, new sustainability rules and regulations have been adopted and may continue to be introduced. our failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations could lead to penalties and adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee retention.
climate change regulations and greenhouse gas effects may adversely impact our operations.
we may become subject to legislation and regulation regarding climate change, and compliance with any new rules could be difficult, burdensome and costly. concerned parties, such as legislators and regulators, stockholders and nongovernmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, are considering ways to reduce greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions. many states have announced or adopted programs to stabilize and reduce ghg emissions and, in the past, federal legislation has been proposed in congress. we expect to incur increased energy, environmental and other costs and capital expenditures to comply with new regulations and legislation. further, regulation of ghg emissions may limit our customers' ability to travel to our properties (e.g. as a result of increased fuel costs or restrictions on transport-related emissions).
our business may be subject to fluctuations due to seasonality and other factors that could result in volatility and have an adverse effect on our operating results.
our business may fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors. our casino business is impacted by weather conditions that may deter or prevent customers from reaching the facilities or undertaking trips, which would particularly affect customers who are traveling longer distances to visit our properties. our casino business can also fluctuate due to specific holidays or other significant events, particularly when the holiday falls in a different quarter than the prior year, the world series of poker tournament (with respect to our las vegas properties), city-wide conventions, a large sporting event or a concert, or visits by our premium players. our sportsbook business may also be impacted by availability or scheduling of major sporting events or the cancellation or postponement of sporting events or races, including lockouts, strikes or similar disruptions. seasonality, holiday, or other significant events may affect our digital operations, properties or regions differently. these factors, among other things, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results, cause volatility in the trading price of our stock and impact our cash flow from quarter to quarter.
our business is particularly sensitive to energy or water prices and a rise in these prices could harm our operating results.
we are a large consumer of electricity, water and other energy and utility services and, therefore, higher prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our resorts and a reduction in our revenues. further, our operations or the operations of our critical supplies could be negatively impacted by the duration of drought conditions, or other cause of water stress or shortages, such as those experienced in the southwest united states, or other areas in which we operate. we may be indirectly impacted by regulatory requirements aimed at reducing the impacts of climate change directed at up-stream utility providers, and we could experience potentially higher utility, fuel, water and transportation costs.
any deterioration in our reputation or the reputation of our brands could adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our business is dependent on the quality and reputation of our company and brands. events beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties, including our digital operations, or more generally impact our corporate or brand image. other factors that could influence our reputation include the quality of the services we offer and our actions with regard to social issues such as diversity, human rights and support for local communities. broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands or our properties. it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. negative events and publicity could quickly and materially damage perceptions of us, our brands or our properties, which, in turn, could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations through loss of customers, loss of business opportunities, lack of acceptance of our company to operate in host communities, employee retention or recruiting difficulties or other difficulties.
risks relating to information systems and technology compromises of our information systems or unauthorized access to confidential information or our customers' personal information could materially harm our reputation and business.
we collect and store confidential, personal information relating to our customers for various business purposes, including marketing and financial purposes, and credit card information for processing payments. for example, we handle, collect and store personal information in connection with our customers staying at our hotels and enrolling in caesars rewards. we may share this personal and confidential information with vendors or other third parties in connection with processing of transactions, operating certain aspects of our business, or for marketing purposes. our collection and use of personal data are governed by state and federal privacy laws and regulations as well as the applicable laws and regulations in other countries in which we operate. privacy law is subject to frequent changes and varies significantly by jurisdiction. we may incur significant costs in order to ensure compliance with the various applicable privacy requirements. in addition, privacy laws and regulations may limit our ability to market to our customers.
we assess and monitor the security of collection, storage, and transmission of customer information on an ongoing basis, including utilizing commercially available software and technologies to monitor, assess and secure our network. further, some of the systems currently used for transmission and approval of payment card transactions and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment card data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, and other such systems are determined and controlled by us. although we had taken steps designed to safeguard our customers' confidential personal information and important internal company data, on september 14, 2023, we announced that we identified suspicious activity in our information technology network resulting from a social engineering attack on one of our outsourced it support vendors and that we determined that the unauthorized actor acquired a copy of, among other data, our loyalty program database, which includes driver's license numbers and/or social security numbers for a significant number of members in the database (the "data incident"). we took steps to ensure that the stolen data was deleted by the unauthorized actor and are working with industry-leading third-party it advisors, to harden our systems and implement corrective measures to protect against future attacks that could pose a threat to our systems. we have also taken steps to require that the specific outsourced it support vendor involved in this matter implemented corrective measures to protect against future attacks that could pose a threat to our systems. while we took these actions, we cannot assure that the stolen data was deleted by the unauthorized actor or that our network and other systems and those of third parties, such as service providers, will not be compromised, damaged, or disrupted by a third-party breach of our system security or that of a third-party provider or as a result of purposeful or accidental actions of third parties, our employees, or those employees of a third party, power outages, computer viruses, system failures, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events in the future. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations. as an example, the data incident arose from a social engineering attack on one of our outsourced it vendors. advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology, new tools, and other developments may increase the risk of a future security breach. as a result of the data incident, customer information and other data was accessed by an unauthorized actor. any future security breach may also result in customer information or other proprietary data being accessed or transmitted by or to a third party. despite the measures we have implemented to safeguard our information, including actions taken following the data incident, there can be no assurance that we are adequately protecting our information.
as a result of the data incident, we have become subject to multiple lawsuits and inquiries from state regulators and we may become subject to additional lawsuits, claims and inquiries related to the data incident. while the data incident did not impact our customer-facing operations, we are unable to predict the full impact of the data incident, including any regulatory effects or changes in guest behavior in the future, including whether a change in our guests' behavior could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations on an ongoing basis.
we have cybersecurity insurance to respond to a breach which is designed to cover expenses associated with a cybersecurity incident, including costs related to notification, credit monitoring, investigation, crisis management, public relations and legal advice. we also carry other insurance which may cover ancillary aspects of cybersecurity events. while we have submitted claims for insurance coverage relating to the costs incurred as a result of the data incident, we are not certain of the extent to which such coverage or third-party indemnification will cover of such future costs.
any future data security breaches giving rise to a loss, disclosure of, misappropriation of, or access to customers' or other proprietary information or other breach of our information security could result in additional legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and information security laws, including for failure to protect personal information or for misusing personal information could damage our reputation, and expose us to additional claims from customers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees, and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. any such damages and claims arising from a future breach may not be completely covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available.
our operations, and particularly our digital betting and gaming operations, are reliant on information technology and other systems and services, and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions in our systems or services could adversely affect our operations.
our technology infrastructure is critical to the performance of our digital betting and gaming operations and to user satisfaction and we rely significantly on our computer systems and software to receive and properly process internal and external data, including data related to caesars rewards. we devote significant resources to our technology infrastructure, but our systems may not be adequate to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our online business. in addition, while we believe we have taken appropriate steps, working with industry-leading third-party it advisors, to harden our systems following the data incident and implement corrective measures to protect against future attacks that could pose a threat to our systems. we cannot assure you that such measures or any additional measures we take to prevent cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data and user information and to prevent outages, data or information loss, fraud and to prevent or detect security breaches will be sufficient to ensure uninterrupted operation of our digital platform and provide absolute security. we have experienced, and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with our computer systems and technological infrastructure, or those of third parties that provide support to our operations, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, each of which could materially adversely affect the operation of our online business and our financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
additionally, our computer systems and software may fail or may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent after the launch of our online products. these types of issues could disrupt our operations or render a product unavailable when users attempt to access it or cause access to our offerings to be slower than our users expect. inaccessibility or slow access to our products could make users less likely to return to our digital platform as often, if at all, or to recommend our offerings to other potential users, which could harm our brand perception, cause our users to stop utilizing our online offerings, divert our resources and delay market acceptance of our online offerings.
our information systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. if our systems are damaged, breached, attacked, interrupted, or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data as well as suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim.
we expect that we will continue to expand our online betting and gaming offerings as our user base grows and we enter into new markets, which will require an enhancement of our technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, and may require additional reliance on third party providers to support the growth of our digital business and to satisfy our users' needs. such infrastructure expansion may be complex and costly, and unanticipated delays in completing these projects or availability of components may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, or interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality of our offerings. in addition, there may be issues related to our online infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases of design and implementation and become evident after we have started to fully use the underlying equipment or software, which could impact the user experience or increase our costs. an inability to effectively scale our technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands could adversely impact our ability to grow our digital betting and gaming business.
our online business is dependent on the internet and we rely on amazon web services and other third-party technology, platforms and services to deliver our offerings to users.
a substantial portion of the infrastructure that is required to enable users to access our digital betting and gaming offerings is provided by third parties, including internet service providers and other technology-based service providers. in particular, we currently host our online betting and gaming offerings and support our operations using amazon web services ("aws") and other third-party technology, platforms and services. our third-party providers may experience service interruptions, delays, outages or damage, including due to capacity constraints, an event causing an unusually high volume of internet use (such as a pandemic or public health emergency), infrastructure changes or upgrades (such as 5g or 6g services), human or software errors, website hosting disruptions, natural disasters, cybersecurity attacks, terrorist attacks, power outages and similar events or acts of misconduct. we exercise little control over our third-party providers and any difficulties that these providers experience, including the potential of certain network traffic receiving priority over other traffic (i.e., lack of net neutrality), may adversely affect our business. because our ability to provide our users with continuing and uninterrupted access to our platform is critical to the success of our digital business, we use our best efforts to ensure that our facilities and infrastructure and the facilities and infrastructure of our third-party providers support our current and expected operations and are designed to mitigate the impacts of system malfunctions. nevertheless, there can be no guarantee that such systems will be able to meet the demand of our current and future digital business, the overall online betting and gaming industry and the growth of the internet. furthermore, if we do not maintain business relationships with our third-party providers, and in particular, aws, we may not be able to secure required third-party services on terms that are acceptable to us or on an acceptable time frame. any of these risks could result in a loss of revenue and cause us to incur unexpected costs that could be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our online business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
our online business model depends upon the continued compatibility between our apps and the major mobile operating systems and upon third-party platforms for the distribution of our product offerings, which depend on factors beyond our control such as the design of third-party operating systems and continued access to our apps on third-party distribution platforms like the apple app store.
our digital business is dependent on the interoperability of our technology with popular mobile operating systems, technologies, networks and standards as our users access our online betting and gaming product offerings primarily on mobile devices. as a result, our business model depends upon the continued compatibility between our app and the major mobile operating systems, such as the android and ios operating systems, and we rely upon third-party platforms for distribution of our product offerings. we do not have formal or informal relationships with parties that control design of mobile devices and operating systems and there is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will start or continue to support or feature our product offerings. any changes, bugs, technical or regulatory issues in such operating systems, our relationships with mobile manufacturers and carriers, or in their terms of service or policies that degrade our offerings' functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability to distribute our offerings, give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver high quality offerings, or impose fees or other charges related to delivering our offerings, could adversely affect our product usage and monetization on mobile devices. in addition, if any of the third-party platforms used for distribution of our product offerings were to limit or disable the availability of our app or advertising on their platforms, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed. these changes could materially impact the way we do business, and if we are unable to adjust to those changes quickly and effectively, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
risks related to human capital we rely on our key personnel and we may face difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified employees for our casinos and racetracks.
our future success will depend upon, among other things, our ability to keep our senior executives and highly qualified employees. the operation of our business requires qualified executives, managers and skilled employees with gaming and horse racing industry experience and qualifications who are able to obtain the requisite licenses and approval from the applicable gaming authorities. we compete with other potential employers for employees, and we may not succeed in hiring or retaining the executives and other employees that we need. a sudden loss of or inability to replace key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, there has from time to time been a shortage of skilled labor in our markets and the continued expansion of gaming near our facilities, including the expansion of native american gaming and internet betting and gaming, may make it more difficult for us to attract qualified candidates. while we believe that we will continue to be able to attract and retain qualified employees, shortages of skilled labor will make it increasingly difficult and expensive to attract and retain the services of a satisfactory number of qualified employees, and we may incur higher costs than expected as a result.
work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively impact our future profits.
as of december 31, 2023, we had collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 24,000 employees. a lengthy strike or other work stoppages at any of our casino properties could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. new contracts, such as the ones we signed in 2023, increase our labor costs.
from time to time, we have also experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees, which has achieved some past success. we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and successful union activity in the future. the impact of this union activity is undetermined and could negatively impact our results of operations.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our performers and other entertainment offerings on acceptable terms or at all.
historically, our performers have drawn customers to our properties and have been a significant source of our revenue. we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our performers or other shows on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, the third parties that we depend on for our properties' entertainment offerings may become incapable or unwilling to provide their services at the level agreed upon or at all. disruptions in the performance schedule can leave us without entertainment offerings, which could negatively impact our business.
risks relating to our capital structure our substantial indebtedness and the fact that a significant portion of our cash flow is used to make interest payments and rent payments under our debt and lease agreements could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt service payments and rent payments.
as of december 31, 2023 we had $12.4 billion of outstanding indebtedness, in addition to leases with vici and glpi that require an annual rent payment of $1.3 billion in 2024 and are subject to annual escalation, including annual escalations based on the cpi. see note 10 for a description of our obligations under our leases with vici and glpi and note 12 for details regarding our debt outstanding and related restrictive covenants. as a result, a significant portion of our cash flow is applied to make interest payments with respect to our outstanding debt and payments under our leases. these financial obligations may have important negative consequences for us, including:
•limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a significant portion of these funds to make payments on our debt and lease obligations;
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate;
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors with debt and rent obligations that are less than ours;
•increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our ability to react to, changing market conditions, public health emergencies and related public health restrictions, changes in our industry and economic downturns;
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service, acquisitions, general corporate or other obligations;
•subjecting us to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, require us to make capital expenditures and limit our ability to pay dividends and distributions, make acquisitions and dispositions, borrow additional funds and make other investments;
•exposing us to interest rate risk due to the variable interest rate on borrowings under our credit facilities; and
•affecting our ability to renew gaming and other licenses necessary to conduct our business.
our ability to service our current and future levels of indebtedness will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions, including the interest rate environment and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
there is no assurance that we will generate cash flow from operations or that future debt or equity financings will be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other needs and we may be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing debt, reducing or discontinuing dividends we may pay in the future, or seeking additional equity capital. these actions may not be effected on satisfactory terms, or at all. any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. while we expect to refinance or replace our debt facilities when they mature, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain financing on commercially reasonable terms.
despite our current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may still incur significant additional indebtedness. incurring more indebtedness could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness, and may enter into financing obligations similar to our leases with vici and glpi in the future. as of december 31, 2023, we had $2.1 billion of borrowing capacity under our cei revolving credit facility, after consideration of $70 million in outstanding letters of credit and $46 million committed for regulatory purposes, and $40 million of other reserves which is only available for certain permitted uses. further, our existing debt agreements currently permit, and we expect that agreements governing debt that we incur in the future will permit, us to incur certain other additional secured and unsecured debt. further, we may incur other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. the risks that we face based on our outstanding indebtedness may intensify if we incur additional indebtedness or financing obligations in the future.
our variable rate indebtedness exposes us to interest rate volatility, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
borrowings under certain of our facilities are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate volatility. as of december 31, 2023, $3.2 billion of aggregate principal amount of our debt had variable rates. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on certain of our variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same.
a significant portion of our casinos are located on leased property. if we default on one or more leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected casino.
we currently lease certain parcels of land on which a significant portion of our properties are located. as a ground lessee, we have the right to use the leased land; however, we do not hold fee ownership of the underlying land. accordingly, we have no interest in the leased land or improvements thereon at the expiration of the ground leases. if our use of the land underlying our casino properties is disrupted permanently or for a significant period of time, then the value of our assets could be impaired and our business and operations could be adversely affected. our leases provide that they may be terminated for a number of reasons, including failure to pay rent, taxes or other payment obligations or the breach of other covenants contained in the leases. in particular, our leases with vici and glpi require annual rent payments of $1.3 billion in 2024, which is subject to escalation annually, and obligate us to make specified minimum capital expenditures with respect to the leased properties. if our business and properties fail to generate sufficient earnings, the payments required to service the rent obligations under our leases with vici and glpi could materially and adversely limit our ability to react to changes in our business and make acquisitions and investments in our properties. if we were to default on any one or more of these leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected land and any improvements on the land, including the hotels and casinos. a termination of our ground leases or our leases with glpi or vici could result in a default under our debt agreements and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. further, in the event that any lessor of our leased properties, including glpi or vici, encounters financial, operational, regulatory or other challenges, there can be no assurance that such lessor will be able to comply with its obligations under the applicable lease.
certain of our leases, including our leases with vici and glpi, are "triple-net" leases. accordingly, in addition to rent, we are required to pay, among other things, the following: (1) lease payments to the underlying ground lessor for properties that are subject to ground leases; (2) facility maintenance costs; (3) all insurance premiums for insurance with respect to the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties; (4) taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties (other than taxes on the income of the lessor); and (5) all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. we are responsible for incurring the costs described in the preceding sentence notwithstanding the fact that many of the benefits received in exchange for such costs shall in part accrue to the lessor as the owner of the associated facilities. in addition, we remain obligated for lease payments and other obligations under our leases with vici and glpi and other ground leases even if one or more of such leased facilities is unprofitable or if we decide to withdraw from those locations. we could incur special charges relating to the closing of such facilities including lease termination costs, impairment charges and other special charges that would reduce our net income and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to extensive governmental regulation, taxation policies and licensing, and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
licensing requirements. the ownership and operation of casino gaming, online betting and gaming, riverboat and horse racing facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation, and regulatory authorities at local, state and national levels have broad powers with respect to the licensing of gaming businesses. we currently hold all state and local licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our present gaming operations, but we must periodically apply to renew many of our licenses and registrations. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such renewals. any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals would have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, we are required to provide information relating to our operations to various gaming regulatory agencies. a failure to provide accurate information could result in the imposition of fines or other penalties by the relevant regulatory authority. furthermore, if additional laws or regulations are adopted or existing laws or regulations are amended or interpreted differently, these regulations could impose additional restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us.
gaming authorities with jurisdiction over our operations may, in their discretion, require the holder of any securities issued by us to file applications, be investigated, and be found suitable to own our securities, and, if a holder is found unsuitable, we can be sanctioned, including the loss of approvals that are required for us to continue our gaming operations in the relevant jurisdictions, if such unsuitable person does not timely sell our securities. our officers, directors and key employees are also subject to similar findings of unsuitability and the gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. see "item 1 - gaming licenses and governmental regulations" and exhibit 99.1 for further description of the regulations to which we are subject. we may be required under applicable gaming laws and regulations to obtain approval of applicable gaming authorities to issue securities, incur debt and undertake other financing activities and our financing counterparties, including lenders, might be subject to various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we operate gaming facilities.
compliance with other laws. we are also subject to a variety of other federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances that apply to non-gaming businesses, including restrictions enacted in response to public health concerns such as pandemics, zoning, environmental, construction and land-use laws and regulations governing smoking and the serving of alcoholic beverages. our operations have been and may again be adversely impacted by regulations enacted to limit the impact of public health concerns. in addition, legislation in various forms to ban indoor tobacco smoking has been enacted or introduced in many states and local jurisdictions, including several of the jurisdictions in which we operate. if additional restrictions are enacted in our jurisdictions, we could experience a significant decrease in gaming revenue and operating results at our properties and, particularly if such restrictions are not applicable to all competitive facilities in that gaming market, our business could be materially adversely affected. the likelihood or outcome of similar legislation in other jurisdictions and referendums in the future cannot be predicted, though any additional limitations on our operations would be expected to negatively impact our financial performance.
regulations adopted by fincen require us to report currency transactions in excess of $10,000 occurring within a gaming day. u.s. treasury department regulations also require us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds $5,000, if we know, suspect or have reason to believe that the transaction involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements. substantial penalties can be imposed if we fail to comply with these regulations. fincen has recently increased its focus on gaming companies.
we are required to report certain customer's gambling winnings via form w-2g to comply with current internal revenue service regulations. should these regulations change, we would expect to incur additional costs to comply with the revised reporting requirements.
taxation and fees. in addition, gaming companies are generally subject to significant revenue-based taxes and fees in addition to normal federal, state and local income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. we pay substantial taxes and fees with respect to our operations. tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied, affecting the gaming industry. the large number of state and local governments with significant current or projected budget deficits makes it more likely that those governments that currently permit gaming will seek to fund such deficits with new or increased gaming taxes and/or property taxes and worsening economic conditions could intensify those efforts. any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our future financial results.
the growth of our online betting and gaming business will depend on expansion of online betting and gaming into new jurisdictions and our ability to obtain required licenses.
our ability to achieve growth in our online betting and gaming business will depend, in large part, upon expansion of online betting and gaming into new jurisdictions, the terms of regulations relating to online betting and gaming and our ability to obtain required licenses. following the 2018 decision of the u.s. supreme court to overturn the federal ban on sports betting, a number of jurisdictions have legalized sports betting and online gaming and we expect that additional jurisdictions may do so in the future. our ability to further expand our sports betting and online operations is dependent on the adoption of regulations permitting such activities. however, the expansion of betting and online gaming in new jurisdictions is dependent on a number of factors that are beyond our control and there can be no assurances of when, or if, such regulations will be adopted or the terms of such regulations, including restrictions, tax rates and license fees and availability of such licenses to casino owners exclusively or at all.
we may not be able to protect the intellectual property rights we own or may be prevented from using intellectual property necessary for our business.
the development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. we rely primarily on trade secret, trademark, domain name, copyright, and contract law to protect the intellectual property and proprietary technology we own. we also actively pursue business opportunities in the united states and in international jurisdictions involving the licensing of our trademarks to third parties. it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property or proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our rights. for example, while we have a policy of entering into confidentiality, intellectual property invention assignment, and/or non-competition and non-solicitation agreements or restrictions with our employees, independent contractors, and business partners, such agreements may not provide adequate protection or may be breached, or our proprietary technology may otherwise become available to or be independently developed by our competitors. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights or intellectual property to as great an extent as do the laws of the united states. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, the unauthorized use or reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our trademarks and our market acceptance, competitive advantages, or goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.
our technology contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under "open source" licenses. use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. in addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our technology and, under certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. this would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages.
third parties have alleged and may in the future allege that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. third parties may initiate litigation against us without warning or may send us letters or other communications that make allegations without initiating litigation. we may elect not to respond to these letters or other communications if we believe they are without merit, or we may attempt to resolve these disputes out of court by negotiating a license, but in either case it is possible that such disputes will ultimately result in litigation. any such claims could interfere with our ability to use technology or intellectual property that is material to the operation of our business. such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties, such as entities that purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of bringing infringement claims. we also periodically employ individuals who were previously employed by our competitors or potential competitors, and we may therefore be subject to claims that such employees have used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers.
we may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, including with respect to technology that we believe to be "open source." any such litigation could result in substantial costs and the diversion of resources and the attention of management. if unsuccessful, such litigation could result in the loss of important intellectual property rights, require us to pay substantial damages, subject us to injunctions that prevent us from using certain intellectual property, require us to make admissions that affect our reputation in the marketplace, or require us to enter into license agreements that may not be available on favorable terms, re-engineer our technology or discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings. finally, even if we prevail in any litigation, the remedy may not be commercially meaningful or fully compensate us for the harm we suffer or the costs we incur. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on licenses to use the intellectual property rights of third parties which are incorporated into our products and services. failure to renew or expand existing licenses may require us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings.
we rely on products, technologies and intellectual property that we license from third parties, for use in our business-to-business and business-to-consumers offerings. certain of our offerings and services use intellectual property licensed from third parties and we expect that our future products will require the use of third-party intellectual property. the future success of our business may depend, in part, on our ability to obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular technologies and games in a competitive market. we cannot assure that third-party licenses that may be necessary or desirable for the operation of our products, or support for such licensed products and technologies, will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. if we are unable to renew and/or expand existing licenses or obtain new licenses, including as a result of reluctance of third parties to subject themselves to regulatory review that may be required to operate as our supplier, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the products that include or incorporate the licensed intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and prospects.
we are or may become involved in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could impact our business and financial condition.
from time to time, we are named in lawsuits or other legal proceedings relating to our respective businesses. some of these matters involve commercial or contractual disputes, intellectual property claims, legal compliance, personal injury claims, and employment claims. as with all legal proceedings, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of these matters. moreover, legal proceedings can be expensive and time consuming, and we may not be successful in defending or prosecuting these lawsuits, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and other financial information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
caesars entertainment, inc., a delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, may be referred to as the "company," "cei," "caesars," "we," "our," "us," or the "registrant."
we also refer to (i) our consolidated financial statements as our "financial statements," (ii) our consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) as our "statements of operations," (iii) our consolidated balance sheets as our "balance sheets," and (iv) our consolidated statements of cash flows as our "statements of cash flows." references to numbered "notes" refer to notes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
the statements in this discussion regarding our expectations of our future performance, liquidity and capital resources, and other non-historical statements are forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. see "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information."
objective this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to be a narrative explanation of the financial statements and other statistical data that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements to enhance an investor's understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. our objectives are: (i) to provide a narrative explanation of our financial statements that will enable investors to see the company through the eyes of management; (ii) to enhance the overall financial disclosure and provide the context within which financial information should be analyzed; and (iii) to provide information about the quality of, and potential variability of, our earnings and cash flows so that investors can ascertain the likelihood of whether past performance is indicative of future performance.
overview we are a geographically diversified gaming and hospitality company that was founded in 1973 by the carano family with the opening of the eldorado hotel casino in reno, nevada. beginning in 2005, we grew through a series of acquisitions, including the acquisition of mtr gaming group, inc. in 2014, isle of capri casinos, inc. in 2017, tropicana entertainment, inc. in 2018, caesars entertainment corporation in 2020, and william hill plc (the "william hill acquisition") on april 22, 2021. our ticker symbol on the nasdaq stock market is "czr."
we currently own, lease or manage an aggregate of 52 domestic properties in 18 states with approximately 51,300 slot machines, video lottery terminals and e-tables, approximately 2,700 table games and approximately 44,700 hotel rooms as of december 31, 2023. in addition, we have other properties in north america that are authorized to use the brands and marks of caesars entertainment, inc. our primary source of revenue is generated by our casino properties' gaming operations, which includes our retail and online sports betting and online gaming, and we utilize our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment, racing, retail shops and other services to attract customers to our properties.
as of december 31, 2023, we owned 22 of our casinos and leased 24 casinos in the u.s. we lease 18 casinos from vici properties l.p., a delaware limited partnership ("vici") pursuant to a regional lease, a las vegas lease and a joliet lease (collectively, "vici leases"). we also lease six casinos from glp capital, l.p., the operating partnership of gaming and leisure properties, inc. ("glpi"), pursuant to a master lease (as amended, the "glpi master lease") and a lumière lease (together with the glpi master lease, the "glpi leases"). additionally, we leased the rio all-suite hotel & casino ("rio") from a separate third party until october 2, 2023, at which time operations were assumed by the lessor. see descriptions below under the "glpi leases" and "vici leases."
we operate and conduct retail and online sports wagering across 31 jurisdictions in north america, 25 of which offer online sports betting. additionally, we operate igaming in five jurisdictions in north america. the map below illustrates caesars digital's presence as of december 31, 2023:
in 2022, we partnered with nyrabets llc, the official online wagering platform of the new york racing association, inc., and have launched the caesars racebook app within 20 states as of december 31, 2023. caesars racebook also went live in illinois in january 2024. the caesars racebook app provides access for pari-mutuel wagering at over 300 racetracks around the world as well as livestreaming of races. wagers placed can earn credits towards our caesars rewards loyalty program or points which can be redeemed for free wagering credits.
we are also in the process of continuing the expansion of our caesars digital footprint into other states in the near term with our caesars sportsbook, caesars racebook and igaming mobile apps as jurisdictions legalize or provide necessary approvals. no customers under 21 years old are allowed to wager on any of our caesars sportsbook, caesars racebook and igaming mobile apps.
we periodically divest of assets in order to raise capital or as a result of a determination that the assets are not core to our business, or due to regulatory requirements. the following is a summary of recently completed divestitures as of december 31, 2023:
segment                    property                                                                   date sold                                     sales price regional                   montbleu casino resort &amp; spa ("montbleu")                              april 6, 2021                                 $15 million regional                   tropicana evansville ("evansville")                                        june 3, 2021                                 $480 million regional                   belle of baton rouge casino &amp; hotel ("baton rouge")                    may 5, 2022                                             *
discontinued operations:
regional                   harrah's louisiana downs                                                   november 1, 2021                          $22 million (a)
regional                   caesars southern indiana                                                   september 3, 2021                            $250 million n/a                        caesars uk group                                                           july 16, 2021                                           *
n/a                        william hill international                                                 july 1, 2022                                 £2.0 billion
____________________
*not meaningful.
(a)the proceeds of this sale were split between the company and vici.
in addition to the divestitures above, the operations of rio were assumed by the lessor on october 2, 2023, and we exited our management agreement with caesars dubai on november 16, 2023. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 4 for further discussion on these key transactions and any applicable gain (loss) or impairment charges recorded.
merger and acquisitions related activities william hill acquisition on april 22, 2021, we completed the william hill acquisition for cash consideration of approximately £2.9 billion, or approximately $3.9 billion, based on the gbp to usd exchange rate on the closing date.
we acquired william hill plc and its u.s. subsidiary, william hill u.s. holdco ("william hill us" and together with william hill plc, "william hill") to better position the company to address the extensive usage of digital platforms, continued legalization in additional states and jurisdictions, and growing bettor demand, which are driving the market for online sports betting platforms in the u.s. in addition, we continue to leverage the world series of poker ("wsop") brand and license the wsop trademarks for a variety of products and services across these digital platforms. at the time that the william hill acquisition was consummated, our intent was to divest william hill international and as such its results were presented in discontinued operations.
on september 8, 2021, we entered into an agreement to sell william hill international to 888 holdings plc for approximately £2.2 billion. on april 7, 2022, we amended the agreement to sell william hill international to 888 holdings plc for a revised enterprise value of approximately £2.0 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we recorded impairments to assets held for sale of $503 million within discontinued operations based on the revised and final sales price. on july 1, 2022, we completed the sale of william hill international to 888 holdings plc.
we recognized acquisition-related transaction costs of $21 million and $68 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding additional transaction cost associated with sale of william hill international. these costs were associated with legal, professional services and certain severance and retention costs and were primarily recorded in transaction and other costs on our statements of operations.
consolidation of horseshoe baltimore on august 26, 2021, we increased our ownership interest in cbac borrower, llc ("horseshoe baltimore"), a property which we also managed, to approximately 75.8% for cash consideration of $55 million. as a result of the increase in our ownership interest, our previously held investment was remeasured and we recognized a gain of $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. subsequent to the change in ownership, we determined that we have a controlling financial interest and began to consolidate the operations of horseshoe baltimore.
additionally, on july 10, 2023, we completed the acquisition of the remaining 24.2% equity ownership in horseshoe baltimore, utilizing cash on hand, for a total of $66 million.
investments and partnerships we have investments in unconsolidated affiliates accounted for under the equity method which are recorded in investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates on the balance sheets. certain significant investments as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 are discussed below.
pompano joint venture in april 2018, we entered into a joint venture with cordish companies ("cordish") to plan and develop a mixed-use entertainment and hospitality destination expected to be located on unused land adjacent to the casino and racetrack at our pompano property. as the managing member, cordish will operate the business and manage the development, construction, financing, marketing, leasing, maintenance and day-to-day operation of the various phases of the project. additionally, cordish is responsible for the development of the master plan for the project with our input and will submit it for our review and approval. in october 2023 and june 2021, the joint venture issued capital calls and we contributed $3 million each, respectively, for a total of $7 million in cash contributions since inception of the joint venture. on february 12, 2021, we contributed 186 acres to the joint venture with a fair value of $61 million. total contributions of approximately 209 acres of land have been made with a fair value of approximately $69 million, and we have no further obligation to contribute additional real estate or cash. during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company recorded income related to the investment of $64 million, primarily due to the joint venture's gain on the sale of land. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, our investment in the joint venture was $147 million and $80 million, respectively, and is recorded in investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates on the balance sheets.
while we hold a 50% variable interest in the joint venture, we are not the primary beneficiary; as such the investment in the joint venture is accounted for using the equity method. we participate evenly with cordish in the profits and losses of the joint venture, which are included in transaction and other costs on our statements of operations.
neogames the acquired net assets of william hill included an investment in neogames s.a. ("neogames"), a global leader of ilottery solutions and services to national and state-regulated lotteries, and other investments. on september 16, 2021, we sold a portion of our shares of neogames common stock for $136 million which decreased our ownership interest from 24.5% to approximately 8.4%. additionally, on march 14, 2022 we sold our remaining 2 million shares at fair value for $26 million. during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded losses related to the investment in neogames of $34 million and $54 million, respectively, which is included within other income (loss) on the statements of operations.
reportable segments segment results in this md&a are presented consistent with the way our management reviews operating results, assesses performance and makes decisions on a "significant market" basis. management views each of the company's casinos as an operating segment. operating segments are aggregated based on their similar economic characteristics, types of customers, types of services and products provided, and their management and reporting structure. our principal operating activities occur in four reportable segments: (1) las vegas, (2) regional, (3) caesars digital, and (4) managed and branded, in addition to corporate and other. see item 2. "properties" for listing of properties by segment.
presentation of financial information the financial information included in this item 7 for the periods after our acquisition of william hill on april 22, 2021, and of the increase in our ownership percentage and subsequent consolidation of horseshoe baltimore on august 26, 2021, is not fully comparable to the periods prior to the acquisitions. in addition, the presentation of financial information herein for the periods after the company's divestiture of various properties, described above, is not fully comparable to the periods prior to the date of divestiture.
this md&a is intended to provide information to assist in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. our historical operating results may not be indicative of our future results of operations because of the factors described in the preceding paragraph and the changing competitive landscape in each of our markets, including changes in market and societal trends, increased competition, as well as by factors or trends discussed elsewhere herein. we recommend that you read this md&a together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
key performance metrics our primary source of revenue is generated by our gaming operations, which includes our retail and online sports betting and online gaming. additionally, we utilize our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment venues, retail shops, racing and other services to attract customers to our properties. our operating results are highly dependent on the volume and quality of customers staying at, or visiting, our properties and using our sports betting, horse racing and igaming applications.
key performance metrics include volume indicators such as drop or handle, which refer to amounts wagered by our customers. the amount of volume we retain, which is not fully controllable by us, is recognized as casino revenues and is referred to as our win or hold. slot win percentage is typically in the range of approximately 9% to 11% of slot handle for both the las vegas and regional segments. table game hold percentage is typically in the range of approximately 16% to 23% of table game drop in both the las vegas and regional segments. sports betting hold is typically in the range of 5% to 10% and igaming hold typically ranges from 3% to 5%. in addition, hotel occupancy, which is the average percentage of available hotel rooms occupied during a period, is a key indicator for our hotel business in the las vegas segment. see "results of operations" section below. complimentary and discounted rooms are treated as occupied rooms in our calculation of hotel occupancy. the key metrics we utilize to measure our profitability and performance are adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin.
significant factors impacting financial results the following summary highlights the significant factors impacting our financial results during the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
acquisitions and transaction costs
•william hill acquisition - on april 22, 2021, we consummated the acquisition of the entire issued and to be issued share capital (other than shares owned by the company or held in treasury) of william hill plc, in an all-cash transaction of £2.9 billion, or approximately $3.9 billion. we recognized acquisition-related transaction costs of $21 million and $68 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding additional transaction costs associated with sale of william hill international.
•consolidation of horseshoe baltimore - on august 26, 2021, we increased our ownership interest in horseshoe baltimore to approximately 75.8%. prior to the purchase, we held an interest in horseshoe baltimore of approximately 44.3% which was accounted for as an equity method investment. subsequent to the change in ownership, we determined we have a controlling financial interest and consolidated the operations of horseshoe baltimore. as a result of the consolidation, we recognized a gain of $40 million during the year ended december 31, 2021. additionally, on july 10, 2023, we completed the acquisition of the remaining 24.2% equity ownership in horseshoe baltimore, utilizing cash on hand, for a total of $66 million.
divestitures and discontinued operations
•divestitures and discontinued operations - see "overview" section above for detail of properties divested, including related discontinued operations.
•the operations of rio were assumed by the lessor on october 2, 2023, and we exited our management agreement with caesars dubai on november 16, 2023.
financing transactions
•debt transactions - we continue to utilize free cash flow to reduce our leverage, extend the maturity of our outstanding debt and balance our mix of fixed and variable debt. the following are the key financing transactions and their effects on our operations, from the use of free cash flow, unless otherwise noted:
◦issued $2.0 billion cei senior secured notes due 2030 and amended the cei credit agreement and incurred a new $2.5 billion cei term loan b. net proceeds received from these transactions were used to repay the $3.4 billion outstanding principal amount of the crc term loan and the $1.0 billion outstanding principal amount of the crc incremental term loan on february 6, 2023.
◦fully repaid $267 million of the outstanding principal balance of the baltimore term loan as of july 17, 2023.
◦prepaid the outstanding $400 million forum convention center mortgage loan on may 1, 2023.
◦for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded extinguishment charges of $200 million, $85 million and $236 million, respectively, which are recorded within loss on extinguishment of debt on the statements of operations due to the aforementioned activity.
◦refer to the liquidity and capital resources section below for further discussion of our recent debt transactions, including our financing transactions subsequent to december 31, 2023, in which we issued $1.5 billion of new cei senior secured notes due 2032 and a new $2.9 billion cei term loan b-1. net proceeds received from these transactions, together with borrowings under our cei revolving credit facility, were used to tender, redeem, repurchase, defease, and/or satisfy and discharge the cei senior secured notes due 2025 and the crc senior secured notes.
other significant factors
•new developments and re-openings - during the construction of the permanent facilities for caesars virginia and harrah's columbus nebraska, we opened temporary gaming facilities during the second quarter of 2023. caesars virginia's temporary facility opened on may 15, 2023 and harrah's columbus nebraska's temporary facility opened on june 12, 2023. in addition to the temporary facilities, the reopening of horseshoe lake charles in december 2022 has contributed to the regional segment's performance when compared to the prior year period.
•caesars sportsbook, caesars racebook and igaming mobile apps - during the year ended december 31, 2023, we launched caesars sportsbook in new jurisdictions, migrated our sports betting platform to liberty in nevada, and launched our new online and mobile igaming application, caesars palace online casino. as new states and jurisdictions have legalized sports betting, we have made varying degrees of upfront investments executed through marketing campaigns and promotional incentives to acquire new customers and establish our presence. for example, in connection with the launch of our caesars sportsbook app in new york and louisiana in january 2022, we experienced negative net revenue in the first quarter of 2022 resulting from a substantial amount of bonus cash and matched deposits issued to customers as sign-on incentives, which exceeded our gaming win. we continue to adjust our level of investment during the launch period in new jurisdictions based, in part, on prior experience and do not expect such investment to continue at elevated levels subsequent to the initial launch period. during the year ended december 31, 2023, promotional and marketing expenses have significantly decreased as compared to the prior year period.
•income taxes - management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use existing deferred tax assets. during the second quarter of 2023, we evaluated our forecasted adjusted taxable income and objectively verifiable evidence and placed substantial weight on our 2022 and 2023 quarterly earnings, adjusted for non-recurring items, including the interest expense disallowed under current tax law. accordingly, we determined it was more likely than not that a portion of the federal and state deferred tax assets will be realized and, as a result, during the second quarter of 2023, we reversed the valuation allowance related to these deferred tax assets and recorded an income tax benefit of $940 million. we are still carrying a valuation allowance on certain federal and state deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized in the future. we have assessed the changes to the valuation allowance, including realization of the disallowed interest expense deferred tax asset, using the integrated approach.
•economic factors impacting discretionary spending - gaming and other leisure activities we offer represent discretionary expenditures which may be sensitive to economic downturns, such as the resurgence of the omicron variant of covid-19 that negatively impacted the first quarter of 2022. we also monitor recent trends, including higher inflation and interest rates, and the related effects on our customers, and our operations.
•impairment charges - as a result of our finalized and approved capital and operating plans and the completion of our 2023 annual impairment testing, we recognized impairment charges during the year ended december 31, 2023 in our regional segment. these impairments were primarily due to a decrease in projected cash flows at certain regional properties mainly due to increased competition. we identified one reporting unit where the estimated fair value of the associated gaming rights was less than the carrying value and recorded an impairment of $81 million. in addition, we identified one reporting unit with an estimated fair value below its carrying value, resulting in total impairment of $14 million to goodwill.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recognized impairment charges in our regional segment related to goodwill and gaming rights totaling $78 million and $30 million, respectively, due to an increase in the related discount rates, which represents the higher required cost of capital as a result of the macroeconomic environment and projected outlook. in december 2021, we approved a capital plan which included the planned rebranding of certain of our properties. we utilized an income approach to determine the fair value of the trademarks subject to rebranding based on their expected future cash flows, which resulted in an impairment charge of $102 million during the year ended december 31, 2021.
•weather disruption - during the first quarter of 2023, our regional segment was negatively impacted by severe winter weather, particularly in northern nevada, which caused poor and unsafe travel conditions reducing visitation to our lake tahoe and reno properties. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we reached a final settlement agreement with the insurance carriers for the damage and disruption caused by hurricane laura to our lake charles property in 2020 for a total amount of $128 million, before our insurance deductible of $25 million. we recorded gains of $38 million and $21 million during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in transaction and other costs in our statements of operations, as proceeds received for the cost to replace damaged property were in excess of respective carrying value of the assets.
results of operations the following table highlights the results of our operations:
years ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                     2023                        2022                          2021
net revenues:
las vegas                           $4,470                      $4,287                        $3,409
regional                             5,778                       5,704                         5,537
caesars digital                        973                         548                           337
managed and branded                    307                         282                           278
corporate and other (a)                  -                           -                             9
total                              $11,528                     $10,821                        $9,570
net income (loss)                     $828                      $(910)                      $(1,016)
adjusted ebitda (b):
las vegas                           $2,016                      $1,964                        $1,568
regional                             1,962                       1,985                         1,979
caesars digital                         38                       (666)                         (476)
managed and branded                     76                          84                            87
corporate and other (a)              (154)                       (124)                         (168)
total                               $3,938                      $3,243                        $2,990
net income (loss) margin               7.2   %                   (8.4)   %                    (10.6)   %
adjusted ebitda margin                34.2   %                    30.0   %                      31.2   %
___________________
(a)corporate and other includes revenues related to certain licensing arrangements and various revenue sharing agreements. corporate and other adjusted ebitda includes corporate overhead costs, which consist of certain expenses, such as: payroll, professional fees and other general and administrative expenses.
(b)see the "supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda")" discussion later in this md&a for a description of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted ebitda.
consolidated comparison for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021
the following table highlights the results of our operations: comparisons between 2023 and 2022 are described below. a discussion of changes in our results of operations between year ended december 31, 2022 compared to 2021 has been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k and can be found in "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021" of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
net revenues net revenues were as follows:
years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                  2023   2022                        2021                                                                  2023 vs 2022                                               2022 vs 2021
casino                           $6,367                      $5,997                      $5,827                   $370                            6.2      %                 $170                            2.9      %
food and beverage                 1,728                       1,596                       1,140                    132                            8.3      %                  456                           40.0      %
hotel                             2,090                       1,957                       1,551                    133                            6.8      %                  406                           26.2      %
other                             1,343                       1,271                       1,052                     72                            5.7      %                  219                           20.8      %
net revenues                    $11,528                     $10,821                      $9,570                   $707                            6.5      %               $1,251                           13.1      %
consolidated net revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 primarily due to higher gaming revenues in the caesars digital segment resulting from higher sports betting hold and additional state launches of our online and retail caesars sportsbooks. promotional allowances offered during launches in new jurisdictions were significantly reduced year over year. hotel occupancy rates within the las vegas segment continued to improve as compared to the same prior year periods and also contributed to the increase in net revenues. the regional segment benefited from the opening of two temporary gaming facilities, caesars virginia on may 15, 2023 and harrah's columbus nebraska on june 12, 2023, as well as the reopening of horseshoe lake charles in december 2022. further, the omicron variant of covid-19 negatively impacted prior year results during the first quarter of 2022 across substantially all of our properties, including disruptions to group and conventions, banquets, and scheduled concert events. these improved results were partially offset by increased competition associated with new casino resorts opening in some of our regional markets, construction disruptions, and inclement weather across the country, particularly in northern nevada, which restricted travel in the first quarter of 2023. the company continues to expand partnerships with iconic entertainers to host concerts and performances, and celebrity chefs to offer new food and beverage venues to drive new and repeat visitation to our properties.
operating expenses operating expenses were as follows:
years ended december 31,                  variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                           2023                        2022                        2021                                               2023 vs 2022                                             2022 vs 2021
casino                                    $3,342                      $3,526                      $3,129                   $(184)                          (5.2)      %               $397                           12.7      %
food and beverage                          1,049                         935                         707                      114                           12.2      %                228                           32.2      %
hotel                                        570                         529                         438                       41                            7.8      %                 91                           20.8      %
other                                        434                         411                         373                       23                            5.6      %                 38                           10.2      %
general and administrative                 2,012                       2,068                       1,782                     (56)                          (2.7)      %                286                           16.0      %
corporate                                    306                         286                         309                       20                            7.0      %               (23)                          (7.4)      %
impairment charges                            95                         108                         102                     (13)                         (12.0)      %                  6                            5.9      %
depreciation and amortization              1,261                       1,205                       1,126                       56                            4.6      %                 79                            7.0      %
transaction and other costs, net            (13)                          14                         144                     (27)                                     *              (130)                         (90.3)      %
total operating expenses                  $9,056                      $9,082                      $8,110                    $(26)                          (0.3)      %               $972                           12.0      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
casino expenses consist primarily of salaries and wages associated with our gaming operations, gaming taxes and marketing and promotions attributable to our caesars digital segment. food and beverage expenses consist principally of salaries and wages and costs of goods sold associated with our food and beverage operations. hotel expenses consist principally of salaries and wages, supplies and costs of services associated with our hotel operations. other expenses consist principally of salaries and wages and costs of goods sold associated with our retail, entertainment and other operations.
casino expenses decreased for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the same prior year period due to a reduction in advertising costs from the promotion of our caesars sportsbook app and caesars digital's expansion into new jurisdictions, particularly in the first quarter of 2022. food and beverage and hotel expenses have increased in connection with increased revenues; however, we continue to focus on labor efficiencies to manage rising labor costs and strategically manage our marketing and advertising spend to reduce our casino expenses. similarly, we continue to manage recent increases in food costs by focusing on efficiencies within food and beverage venues and menu options.
general and administrative expenses include items such as information technology, facility maintenance, utilities, property and liability insurance, expenses for administrative departments such as accounting, compliance, purchasing, human resources, legal, internal audit, and property taxes. general and administrative expenses also include other marketing expenses indirectly related to our gaming and non-gaming operations.
corporate expenses include unallocated expenses such as payroll, inclusive of the annual bonus, stock-based compensation, professional fees, and other various expenses not directly related to the company's operations.
transaction and other costs, net for the year ended december 31, 2023 primarily includes non-cash changes in equity method investments and a gain of $29 million associated with proceeds received from the sale of a potential insurance recovery. offsetting these costs are non-cash losses on the write down and disposal of assets and pre-opening costs in connection with new temporary facility openings. transaction and other costs, net for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily represents professional services for integration activities and various contract exit or termination costs, offset by a $38 million gain in the first quarter of 2022 resulting from insurance proceeds received in excess of the respective carrying value of damaged assets associated with our lake charles property.
other expense other expense was as follows:
years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                             2023                          2022                          2021                                             2023 vs 2022                                             2022 vs 2021
interest expense, net                     $(2,342)                      $(2,265)                      $(2,295)                  $(77)                          (3.4)      %                $30                            1.3      %
loss on extinguishment of debt               (200)                          (85)                         (236)                  (115)                        (135.3)      %                151                           64.0      %
other income (loss)                             10                            46                         (198)                   (36)                         (78.3)      %                244                                     *
benefit for income taxes                       888                            41                           283                    847                                     *              (242)                         (85.5)      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, interest expense, net increased year over year due to annual escalators in our financing obligations related to our vici leases, including escalators based on the consumer price index ("cpi") that take effect in november of each year. in addition, although we have reduced our outstanding debt, rising interest rates have negatively impacted our borrowing rates and resulted in interest expense related to debt service to be flat compared to the prior year.
for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, loss on extinguishment of debt was primarily related to the prepayments of the caesars resort collection ("crc") term loan and the crc incremental term loan. in addition, on july 17, 2023, we repaid the baltimore term loan.
other income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to prior year, mainly due to a change in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts and a gain related to the resolution of a disputed claims liability, offset by the change in fair value of investments, all of which were recorded in the prior year.
the income tax benefit was $888 million for 2023 and $41 million for 2022. the reported income tax benefit in 2023 differed from the statutory income tax benefit primarily due to the partial release of federal and state valuation allowances. during the second quarter of 2023, we reversed the valuation allowance related to certain deferred tax assets and recorded a one-time income tax benefit of $940 million, as we determined it was more likely than not that a portion of our federal and state deferred tax assets would be realized. refer to item 8. - note 17 for the effective income tax rate reconciliation.
segment comparison for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021
las vegas segment years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                              2023                        2022                        2021                                             2023 vs 2022                                             2022 vs 2021
revenues:
casino                                       $1,212                      $1,247                      $1,226                  $(35)                          (2.8)      %                $21                            1.7      %
food and beverage                             1,152                       1,063                         702                     89                            8.4      %                361                           51.4      %
hotel                                         1,447                       1,341                         968                    106                            7.9      %                373                           38.5      %
other                                           659                         636                         513                     23                            3.6      %                123                           24.0      %
net revenues                                 $4,470                      $4,287                      $3,409                   $183                            4.3      %               $878                           25.8      %
table game drop                              $3,428                      $3,464                      $3,088                  $(36)                          (1.0)      %               $376                           12.2      %
table game hold %                              22.2   %                    22.0   %                    20.2   %                                                  0.2 pts                                                  1.8 pts slot handle                                 $11,057                     $10,718                     $10,309                   $339                            3.2      %               $409                            4.0      %
hotel occupancy                                96.8   %                    92.2   %                    82.1   %                                                  4.6 pts                                                 10.1 pts adjusted ebitda                              $2,016                      $1,964                      $1,568                    $52                            2.6      %               $396                           25.3      %
adjusted ebitda margin                         45.1   %                    45.8   %                    46.0   %                                                (0.7) pts                                                (0.2) pts net income attributable to caesars           $1,042                      $1,021                        $641                    $21                            2.1      %               $380                           59.3      %
the las vegas segment's net revenues, net income and adjusted ebitda increased year over year primarily due to higher hotel, food and beverage and entertainment revenues. the increase in food and beverage revenues was mainly driven by higher restaurant covers and improved product mix associated with the additions of new casual and premier dining venues. other revenue increased primarily due to entertainment revenues attributable to an increase in both the quality and number of headliner performances in the current year compared to prior year. in addition, during the first quarter of 2022, the resurgence of the omicron variant of covid-19 had a significant negative impact on visitation, group and conventions, and scheduled concert events. as a result, the las vegas segment experienced increased visitation during 2023 compared to the prior year which has driven higher hotel occupancy, improved room rates, higher food and beverage revenues and additional entertainment revenues.
the increases in net revenues, net income and adjusted ebitda were partially offset by growth in overall union and non-union wages and headcount. additionally, our las vegas segment experienced challenges in the middle of 2023, related to construction disruption and roadwork on the las vegas strip. as a result, the las vegas segment's adjusted ebitda margin decreased slightly as compared to the prior year.
slot win percentage in the las vegas segment during the year ended december 31, 2023 was within our typical range.
regional segment years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                              2023                        2022                        2021                                             2023 vs 2022                                               2022 vs 2021
revenues:
casino                                       $4,272                      $4,291                      $4,305                  $(19)                          (0.4)      %                $(14)                          (0.3)      %
food and beverage                               576                         533                         438                     43                            8.1      %                   95                           21.7      %
hotel                                           643                         616                         583                     27                            4.4      %                   33                            5.7      %
other                                           287                         264                         211                     23                            8.7      %                   53                           25.1      %
net revenues                                 $5,778                      $5,704                      $5,537                    $74                            1.3      %                 $167                            3.0      %
table game drop                              $4,188                      $4,270                      $4,163                  $(82)                          (1.9)      %                 $107                            2.6      %
table game hold %                              21.7   %                    22.0   %                    21.0   %                                                (0.3) pts                                                      1 pts slot handle                                 $43,211                     $42,853                     $42,873                   $358                            0.8      %                $(20)                              -      %
adjusted ebitda                              $1,962                      $1,985                      $1,979                  $(23)                          (1.2)      %                   $6                            0.3      %
adjusted ebitda margin                         34.0   %                    34.8   %                    35.7   %                                                (0.8) pts                                                  (0.9) pts net income attributable to caesars             $377                        $463                        $637                  $(86)                         (18.6)      %               $(174)                         (27.3)      %
the regional segment's net revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same prior year period, primarily related to incremental net revenues generated from the reopening of horseshoe lake charles in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the opening of our temporary gaming facilities at caesars virginia on may 15, 2023 and harrah's columbus nebraska on june 12, 2023. these increases were partially offset by competition associated with new casino resorts opening in some of our regional markets, construction disruption from renovation projects at certain of our properties and inclement weather across the country, particularly in northern nevada, which restricted travel in the first quarter of 2023. in addition, wage and headcount increases resulted in higher labor costs during the current year. increased interest expense associated with our vici leases and additional depreciation expense related to our new gaming facilities led to a decline in net income as compared to the same prior year period. as a result, adjusted ebitda decreased as compared to the prior year.
slot win percentage in the regional segment during the year ended december 31, 2023 was within our typical range.
caesars digital segment years ended december 31,                  variance                   percent change                  variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                           2023                        2022                        2021                                               2023 vs 2022                                               2022 vs 2021
revenues:
casino (a)                                  $886                        $462                        $296                     $424                           91.8      %                 $166                           56.1      %
other                                         87                          86                          41       1                                             1.2      %                   45                          109.8      %
net revenues                                $973                        $548                        $337                     $425                           77.6      %                 $211                           62.6      %
sports betting handle (b)                $12,089                     $12,801                      $6,046                   $(712)                          (5.6)      %               $6,755                          111.7      %
sports betting hold %                        6.3   %                     5.4   %                     4.3   %                                                    0.9 pts                                                    1.1 pts igaming handle                           $10,622                      $8,073                      $5,621                   $2,549                           31.6      %               $2,452                           43.6      %
igaming hold %                               3.1   %                     3.2   %                     3.3   %                                                  (0.1) pts                                                  (0.1) pts adjusted ebitda                              $38                      $(666)                      $(476)                     $704                                     *               $(190)                         (39.9)      %
adjusted ebitda margin                       3.9   %                 (121.5)   %                 (141.2)   %                                                          *                                                   19.7 pts net loss attributable to caesars           $(91)                      $(790)                      $(580)                     $699                           88.5      %               $(210)                         (36.2)      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
(a)includes total promotional and complimentary incentives related to sports betting, igaming, and poker of $253 million, $542 million and $187 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. promotional and complimentary incentives for poker were $14 million, $21 million and $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(b)caesars digital generated an additional $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion and $706 million of sports betting handle for the year ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is not included in this table, for select wholly-owned and third-party operations for which caesars digital provides services and we receive all, or a share of, the net profits. hold related to these operations was 10.4%, 11.0% and 9.7% for the year ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. sports betting handle includes $45 million, $50 million and $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to horse racing and pari-mutuel wagers.
caesars digital reflects the operations for retail and mobile sports betting, igaming, poker, and horse racing, which includes our caesars sportsbook, caesars racebook and igaming mobile apps.
caesars digital's net revenues, net loss, adjusted ebitda, and adjusted ebitda margin improved for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to prior year, primarily due to higher sports betting hold combined with lower year over year promotional and marketing expenses for launches in new states and jurisdictions in 2023. the increase in igaming handle was slightly offset by decreased hold during the period. during the third quarter of 2023, we completed the migration of sports betting operations in nevada to the liberty platform and launched our new caesars palace online casino application in states and territories where we operate igaming.
we experienced negative net revenue in the first quarter of 2022 as a result of increased promotional offerings for new state launches in new york and louisiana. we have refined our promotional intensity during the launch period in new jurisdictions based, in part, on prior experience and do not expect such investments to continue at elevated levels subsequent to initial launch periods.
as sports betting and online casinos expand through increased state or jurisdictional legalization, new product launches, and customer adoption, variations in hold percentages and increases in promotional and marketing expenses in highly competitive markets during promotional periods may negatively impact caesars digital's net revenues, net income, adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin in comparison to current or prior periods.
sports betting and igaming hold percentages for the year ended december 31, 2023 were within our typical range.
managed and branded segment years ended december 31,       variance                   percent change   variance                         percent change
(dollars in millions)                                  2023                        2022                      2021                                    2023 vs 2022   2022 vs 2021
revenues:
other                                              $307                        $282                      $278           $25                            8.9      %   $4                                   1.4      %
net revenues                                       $307                        $282                      $278           $25                            8.9      %   $4                                   1.4      %
adjusted ebitda                                     $76                         $84                       $87          $(8)                          (9.5)      %   $(3)                               (3.4)      %
adjusted ebitda margin                             24.8   %                    29.8   %                  31.3   %                                         (5) pts                                         (1.5) pts net income (loss) attributable to caesars          $101                      $(301)                       $68          $402                                     *   $(369)                                        *
___________________
*    not meaningful.
we manage several properties and license rights to the use of our brands. these revenue agreements typically include reimbursement of certain costs that we incur directly. such costs are primarily related to payroll costs incurred on behalf of the properties under management. the revenue related to these reimbursable management costs has a direct impact on our evaluation of adjusted ebitda margin which, when excluded, reflects margins typically realized from such agreements. the table below presents the amount included in net revenues and total operating expenses related to these reimbursable costs. in september 2023, we recorded $25 million of additional other revenue related to the termination of the caesars dubai management agreement, which has been excluded from adjusted ebitda.
years ended december 31,                variance                   percent change                variance                   percent change
(dollars in millions)                         2023                      2022                      2021                                             2023 vs 2022                                             2022 vs 2021
reimbursable management revenue           $206                      $198                      $191                     $8                            4.0      %                 $7                            3.7      %
reimbursable management cost               206                       198                       191                      8                            4.0      %                  7                            3.7      %
corporate & other years ended december 31,                                                variance                   percent change       variance                       percent change
(dollars in millions)         2023                                 2022                        2021   2023 vs 2022                                    2022 vs 2021
revenues:
casino                        $(3)                             $(3)                          $-       $-                         -             %      $(3)                                        *
other                         3                                   3                           9       -                          -             %      (6)                             (66.7)      %
net revenues                  $-                                 $-                          $9       $-                         *                    $(9)                           (100.0)      %
adjusted ebitda               $(154)                         $(124)                      $(168)       $(30)                      (24.2)        %      $44                               26.2      %
___________________
*    not meaningful.
supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021
adjusted ebitda (described below), a non-gaap financial measure, has been presented as a supplemental disclosure because it is a widely used measure of performance and basis for valuation of companies in our industry and we believe that this non-gaap supplemental information will be helpful in understanding our ongoing operating results. management has historically used adjusted ebitda when evaluating operating performance because we believe that the inclusion or exclusion of certain recurring and non-recurring items is necessary to provide a full understanding of our core operating results and as a means to evaluate period-to-period results. adjusted ebitda represents net income (loss) before interest income or interest expense net of interest capitalized, (benefit) provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, impairment charges, other (income) loss, net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, transaction costs associated with our acquisitions, developments, and divestitures, and non-cash changes in equity method investments. adjusted ebitda also excludes the expense associated with certain of our leases as these transactions were accounted for as financing obligations and the associated expense is included in interest expense. adjusted ebitda is not a measure of performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with gaap. adjusted ebitda is unaudited and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as an indicator of our operating performance. uses of cash flows that are not reflected in adjusted ebitda include capital expenditures, interest payments, income taxes, debt principal repayments, and payments under our leases with affiliates of vici properties inc. and glpi, which can be significant. as a result, adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. other companies that provide ebitda information may calculate adjusted ebitda differently than we do. the definition of adjusted ebitda may not be the same as the definitions used in any of our debt agreements.
the following table summarizes our adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 in addition to reconciling net income (loss) to adjusted ebitda in accordance with gaap (unaudited):
years ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                          2023                        2022                          2021
net income (loss) attributable to caesars                                          $786                      $(899)                      $(1,019)
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                           42                        (11)                             3
discontinued operations, net of income taxes                                          -                         386                            30
benefit for income taxes                                                          (888)                        (41)                         (283)
other (income) loss (a)                                                            (10)                        (46)                           198
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                      200                          85                           236
interest expense, net                                                             2,342                       2,265                         2,295
impairment charges                                                                   95                         108                           102
depreciation and amortization                                                     1,261                       1,205                         1,126
transaction costs and other (b)                                                       6                          90                           220
stock-based compensation expense                                                    104                         101                            82
adjusted ebitda                                                                   3,938                       3,243                         2,990
pre-consolidation, pre-acquisition, and pre-disposition ebitda, net (c)            (15)                        (20)                          (23)
total adjusted ebitda                                                            $3,923                      $3,223                        $2,967
____________________
(a)other (income) loss primarily includes the net changes in fair value of (i) investments held by the company, (ii) foreign exchange forward contracts, (iii) a disputed claims liability, and (iv) the derivative liability related to the 5% convertible notes, which were fully converted during the year ended december 31, 2021, and the change in the foreign exchange rate associated with restricted cash held in gbp associated with our acquisition of william hill.
(b)transaction costs and other primarily includes (i) net proceeds received in exchange for participation rights in a potential insurance recovery, (ii) proceeds received for the termination of the caesars dubai management agreement, (iii) insurance proceeds received in excess of the respective carrying value of damaged assets associated with the lake charles property, (iv) costs related to non-cash losses on the write down and disposal of assets, professional services for transaction and integration costs, various contract exit or termination costs, and pre-opening costs in connection with new temporary facility openings, and (v) non-cash changes in equity method investments.
(c)results of operations for horseshoe baltimore prior to its consolidation on august 26, 2021 and william hill prior to its acquisition on april 22, 2021 are added to adjusted ebitda. the results of operations of divested properties prior to their respective divestiture dates are subtracted from adjusted ebitda. see item 7 - overview above. such figures are based on unaudited internal financial statements and have not been reviewed by the company's auditors for the periods presented. the additional financial information is included to enable the comparison of current results with results of prior periods.
liquidity and capital resources we are a holding company and our only significant assets are ownership interests in our subsidiaries. our ability to fund our obligations depends on existing cash on hand, cash flows from our subsidiaries and our ability to raise capital. our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are existing cash on hand, cash flows from operations, availability of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities and proceeds from completed asset sales. our cash requirements may fluctuate significantly depending on our decisions with respect to business acquisitions or divestitures and strategic capital and marketing investments.
as of december 31, 2023, our cash on hand and revolving borrowing capacity were as follows:
(in millions)                                                   december 31, 2023
cash and cash equivalents                                          $1,005
revolver capacity (a)                                               2,210
revolver capacity committed to letters of credit                     (70)
revolver capacity committed as regulatory requirement                (46)
total                                                              $3,099
___________________
(a)revolver capacity includes $2.25 billion under our cei revolving credit facility, maturing in january 2028, less $40 million reserved for specific purposes.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, our operating activities generated operating cash inflows of $1.8 billion, as compared to operating cash inflows of $1.0 billion during the year ended december 31, 2022 due to the results of operations described above.
on february 6, 2023, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement no. 2 pursuant to which we incurred a new senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2.5 billion (the "cei term loan b" and, together with the cei term loan a, the "cei term loans") as a new term loan under the cei credit agreement. the cei term loan b requires scheduled quarterly principal payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the cei term loan b, with the balance payable at maturity. borrowings under the cei term loan b bear interest, paid monthly, at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a forward-looking term rate based on the adjusted term sofr, subject to a floor of 0.50% or (b) a base rate (the "tlb base rate") determined by reference to the highest of (i) the "prime rate" in the united states, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one-month adjusted term sofr plus 1.00% per annum, in each case, plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin is 3.25% per annum in the case of any adjusted term sofr loan and 2.25% per annum in the case of any tlb base rate loan, subject to one 0.25% step-down based on our net total leverage ratio. the cei term loan b was issued at a price of 99.0% of the principal amount and will mature in february 2030.
on february 6, 2023, concurrently with the issuance of the cei term loan b, we issued $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 7.00% senior secured notes (the "cei senior secured notes due 2030") pursuant to an indenture by and among the company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time, u.s. bank trust company, national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 rank equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 will mature in february 2030, with interest paid semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing august 15, 2023.
the net proceeds from the cei term loan b, along with the net proceeds from the issuance of the cei senior secured notes due 2030 described above, were used to repay the outstanding principal balance, including accrued and unpaid interest, of both the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan. upon the termination of the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $197 million.
on may 1, 2023, we elected to prepay the outstanding $400 million convention center mortgage loan utilizing cash on hand.
on july 10, 2023, we completed the acquisition of the remaining 24.2% equity ownership in horseshoe baltimore, utilizing cash on hand, for a total of $66 million. on july 17, 2023, we permanently repaid the outstanding principal balance of the baltimore term loan. in connection with the repayment, we recognized a $3 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt.
on february 6, 2024, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement no. 3 pursuant to which we incurred a new senior secured incremental term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $2.9 billion (the "cei term loan b-1") under the cei credit agreement. the cei term loan b-1 requires quarterly principal payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the cei term loan b-1, with the balance payable at maturity. borrowings under the cei term loan b-1 bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a forward-looking term rate based on the term sofr, subject to a floor of 0.50% or (b) a base rate (the "tlb-1 base rate") determined by reference to the highest of (i) the "prime rate" in the united states, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one-month term sofr plus 1.00% per annum, in each case, plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin is 2.75% per annum in the case of any term sofr loan and 1.75% per annum in the case of any tlb-1 base rate loan. the cei term loan b-1 was issued at a price of 99.75% of the principal amount and will mature on february 6, 2031.
additionally, on february 6, 2024, we issued $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.50% senior secured notes due 2032 (the "cei senior secured notes due 2032") pursuant to an indenture by and among the company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, u.s. bank trust company, national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the cei senior secured notes due 2032 rank equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes due 2032 will mature on february 15, 2032, with interest paid semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing august 15, 2024.
the net proceeds from the issuance of the cei senior secured notes due 2032 and the net proceeds from the cei term loan b-1, together with borrowings under the cei revolving credit facility, were used to tender, redeem, repurchase, defease, and/or satisfy and discharge any and all of the principal amounts, including accrued and unpaid interest, related expenses and fees of both the 5.75% senior secured notes due 2025 (the "crc senior secured notes") and the 6.25% senior secured notes due 2025 (the "cei senior secured notes due 2025"). as a result of these transactions, we estimate that we will incur approximately $50 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt.
we expect that our primary capital requirements going forward will relate to the expansion and maintenance of our properties, taxes, servicing our outstanding indebtedness, and rent payments under our glpi master lease, the vici leases and other leases. we make capital expenditures and perform continuing refurbishment and maintenance at our properties to maintain our quality standards. our capital expenditure requirements for 2024 include expansion projects, hotel renovations and continued investment into new markets with our caesars sportsbook and igaming applications in our caesars digital segment. in addition, we may, from time to time, seek to repurchase or prepay our outstanding indebtedness. any such purchases or prepayments may be funded by existing cash balances or the incurrence of debt. the amount and timing of any repurchase will be based on business and market conditions, capital availability, compliance with debt covenants and other considerations.
we have agreements with certain professional sports leagues and teams, sporting event facilities and media companies for tickets, suites, and advertising, marketing, promotional and sponsorship opportunities including communication with partner customer databases. additionally, a selection of such partnerships provide us with exclusivity to access the aforementioned rights within the casino and/or sports betting category. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, obligations related to these agreements were $605 million and $898 million, respectively, with contracts extending through 2040. these obligations include leasing of event suites that are generally considered short term leases for which we do not record a right of use asset or lease liability. we recognize expenses in the period services are received in accordance with the various agreements. in addition, assets or liabilities may be recorded related to the timing of payments as required by the respective agreement.
we continue to expand into new markets with projects such as our partnership with the eastern band of cherokee indians to build and develop caesars virginia which is estimated to open a permanent facility in late 2024. the permanent development has a budget of $650 million and is expected to include a premier destination resort casino along with a 320-room hotel and world-class casino floor including 1,300 slot machines, 85 live table games, a wsop poker room, a caesars sportsbook, a live entertainment theater and 40,000 square feet of meeting and convention space. additionally, we are developing harrah's columbus nebraska which is a casino development expected to feature a new one-mile horse racing surface, a 40,000-square-foot-casino and sportsbook with more than 400 slot machines and 20 table games, as well as a restaurant and retail space, with an official opening in the second quarter of 2024. in the second quarter of 2023, temporary gaming facilities for caesars virginia and harrah's columbus nebraska opened while the permanent facilities are being constructed.
in 2020, we funded $400 million into escrow for a three year capital expenditure plan in the state of new jersey. the capital plan included significant room renovations at both caesars atlantic city and harrah's atlantic city, as well as the addition of new restaurants with celebrity partners. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we met our commitment and exhausted the remaining funds in the escrow account.
as a condition of the extension of the casino operating contract and ground lease for harrah's new orleans, we are also required to make a capital investment of $325 million on or around harrah's new orleans by july 15, 2024. the capital investment involves the rebranding of the property to caesars new orleans which includes a renovation and full interior and exterior redesign, an updated casino floor, new culinary experiences and a new 340-room hotel tower. the project has a current capital plan of approximately $430 million and, as of december 31, 2023, total capital expenditures have been $289 million since the project began.
cash used for capital expenditures totaled $1.3 billion, $952 million and $520 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to our growth, renovation, maintenance, and other capital projects. the following table summarizes our estimates for 2024 capital expenditures:
(in millions)                                                               low                     high growth and renovation projects                                         $325                     $375
caesars digital                                                          95                      115
maintenance projects                                                    300                      400
total estimated capital expenditures from unrestricted cash             720                      890
caesars virginia (a)                                                    300                      350
total                                                                $1,020                   $1,240
___________________
(a)we expect the joint venture to enter into a new credit facility, of approximately $375 million to $425 million, to fund future caesars virginia capital expenditures alongside ongoing cash flows from the temporary casino's operations.
a significant portion of our liquidity needs are for debt service and payments associated with our leases. our estimated debt service (including principal and interest) is approximately $915 million for 2024. we also lease certain real property assets from third parties, including vici and glpi. the vici leases are subject to annual escalations, that take effect in november of each year, based on the cpi. we estimate our lease payments to vici and glpi to be approximately $1.3 billion for 2024.
we have periodically divested assets to raise capital or, in previous cases, to comply with conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions imposed by antitrust, gaming and other regulatory entities. if an agreed upon selling price for future divestitures does not exceed the carrying value of the assets, we may be required to record additional impairment charges in future periods which may be material.
we expect that our current liquidity, including availability of borrowings under our committed credit facility and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital requirements and service our outstanding indebtedness for the next twelve months.
debt and master lease covenant compliance the senior credit facilities, the cei term loan b, and the indentures governing the crc senior secured notes, the cei senior secured notes due 2025, the cei senior secured notes due 2030, the cei senior notes due 2027, and the cei senior notes due 2029 contain covenants which are standard and customary for these types of agreements. these include negative covenants, which, subject to certain exceptions and baskets, limit our ability to (among other items) incur additional indebtedness, make investments, make restricted payments, including dividends, grant liens, sell assets and make acquisitions.
following the third amendment, the amended cei revolving credit facility and the cei term loan a include a maximum net total leverage ratio financial covenant of 7.25:1 until december 31, 2024 and 6.50:1 from and after december 31, 2024. in addition, the amended cei revolving credit facility and the cei term loan a include a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio financial covenant of 1.75:1 until december 31, 2024 and 2.0:1 from and after december 31, 2024. from and after the repayment of the cei term loan a, the financial covenants applicable to the amended cei revolving credit facility will be tested solely to the extent that certain testing conditions are satisfied. failure to comply with such covenants could result in an acceleration of the maturity of indebtedness outstanding under the relevant debt document. as of december 31, 2023, we were not subject to any debt covenants with respect to the new cei term loan b-1 or the cei senior secured notes due 2032.
the glpi leases and vici leases contain certain covenants requiring minimum capital expenditures based on a percentage of net revenues along with maintaining certain financial ratios.
as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all of the applicable financial covenants described above.
share repurchase program in november 2018, the board authorized a $150 million common stock repurchase program (the "share repurchase program") pursuant to which we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of common stock on the open market (either with or without a 10b5-1 plan) or through privately negotiated transactions. the share repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. there is no minimum number of shares of common stock that we are required to repurchase under the share repurchase program.
as of december 31, 2023, we have acquired 223,823 shares of common stock at an aggregate value of $9 million and an average of $40.80 per share. no shares were repurchased during the years ended december 31, 2023 or 2022.
debt obligations and leases cei term loans and cei revolving credit facility cei is party to a credit agreement, dated as of july 20, 2020, with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent, and certain banks and other financial institutions and lenders party thereto (the "cei credit agreement"), which, as amended, provides for the cei revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2.25 billion (the "cei revolving credit facility"). the cei revolving credit facility contains reserves of $40 million which are available only for certain permitted uses.
on october 5, 2022, caesars entered into a third amendment to the cei credit agreement (the "third amendment") pursuant to which we (a) incurred a senior secured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $750 million (the "cei term loan a") as a new term loan under the credit agreement, (b) amended and extended the cei revolving credit facility under the cei credit agreement (the cei revolving credit facility, as so amended, the "amended cei revolving credit facility" and, together with the cei term loan a, the "senior credit facilities"), (c) increased the aggregate principal amount of the cei revolving credit facility to $2.25 billion, and (d) made certain other amendments to the cei credit agreement. both the amended cei revolving credit facility and the new cei term loan a mature on january 31, 2028, subject to a springing maturity in the event certain other long-term debt of caesars is not extended or repaid. the amended cei revolving credit facility includes a letter of credit sub-facility of $388 million. the cei term loan a requires scheduled quarterly payments in amounts equal to 1.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the cei term loan a, with the balance payable at maturity. we may make voluntary prepayments of the cei term loan a at any time prior to maturity at par.
borrowings under the senior credit facilities bear interest, paid monthly, at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a forward-looking term rate based on secured overnight financing rate ("term sofr") for the applicable interest period plus an adjustment of 0.10% per annum ("adjusted term sofr"), subject to a floor of 0% or (b) a base rate (the "base rate") determined by reference to the highest of (i) the rate of interest per annum last quoted by the wall street journal as the "prime rate" in the united states, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one-month adjusted term sofr plus 1.00% per annum, in each case, plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin is 2.25% per annum in the case of any adjusted term sofr loan and 1.25% per annum in the case of any base rate loan, subject to three 0.25% step-downs based on our net total leverage ratio. in addition, on a quarterly basis, we are required to pay each lender under the amended cei revolving credit facility a commitment fee in respect of any unused commitments under the amended cei revolving credit facility in the amount of 0.35% per annum of the principal amount of the unused commitments of such lender, subject to three 0.05% step-downs based on our net total leverage ratio.
on february 6, 2023, caesars entered into an incremental assumption agreement no. 2 pursuant to which we incurred a new senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2.5 billion (the "cei term loan b" and, together with the cei term loan a, the "cei term loans") as a new term loan under the cei credit agreement. the cei term loan b requires scheduled quarterly principal payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the cei term loan b, with the balance payable at maturity. borrowings under the cei term loan b bear interest, paid monthly, at a rate equal to, at the our option, either (a) a forward-looking term rate based on the adjusted term sofr, subject to a floor of 0.50% or (b) a base rate (the "tlb base rate") determined by reference to the highest of (i) the "prime rate" in the united states, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one-month adjusted term sofr plus 1.00% per annum, in each case, plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin is 3.25% per annum in the case of any adjusted term sofr loan and 2.25% per annum in the case of any tlb base rate loan, subject to one 0.25% step-down based on our net total leverage ratio. the cei term loan b was issued at a price of 99.0% of the principal amount and will mature in february 2030.
the net proceeds from the cei term loan b, along with the net proceeds from the issuance of the cei senior secured notes due 2030 described below, were used to repay the outstanding principal balance, including accrued and unpaid interest, of both the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we utilized and fully repaid the cei revolving credit facility. such activity is presented in the financing section in the statements of cash flows. as of december 31, 2023, we had $2.1 billion of available borrowing capacity under the cei revolving credit facility, after consideration of $70 million in outstanding letters of credit, $46 million committed for regulatory purposes and the reserves described above.
subsequent amendment to the cei credit agreement and issuance of new senior secured notes on february 6, 2024, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement no. 3 pursuant to which we incurred a new senior secured incremental term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $2.9 billion (the "cei term loan b-1") under the cei credit agreement. the cei term loan b-1 requires quarterly principal payments in amounts equal to 0.25% of the original aggregate principal amount of the cei term loan b-1, with the balance payable at maturity. borrowings under the cei term loan b-1 bear interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (a) a forward-looking term rate based on the term sofr, subject to a floor of 0.50% or (b) a base rate (the "tlb-1 base rate") determined by reference to the highest of (i) the "prime rate" in the united states, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% per annum and (iii) the one-month term sofr plus 1.00% per annum, in each case, plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin is 2.75% per annum in the case of any term sofr loan and 1.75% per annum in the case of any tlb-1 base rate loan. the cei term loan b-1 was issued at a price of 99.75% of the principal amount and will mature on february 6, 2031.
additionally, on february 6, 2024, we issued $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.50% of senior secured notes due 2032 (the "cei senior secured notes due 2032") pursuant to an indenture by and among the company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, u.s. bank trust company, national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the cei senior secured notes due 2032 rank equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes due 2032 will mature on february 15, 2032, with interest paid semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing august 15, 2024.
the net proceeds from the issuance of the cei senior secured notes due 2032 and the net proceeds from the cei term loan b-1, together with borrowings under the cei revolving credit facility, were used to tender, redeem, repurchase, defease, and/or satisfy and discharge any and all of the principal amounts, including accrued and unpaid interest, related expenses and fees of both the 5.75% senior secured notes due 2025 (the "crc senior secured notes") and the 6.25% senior secured notes due 2025 (the "cei senior secured notes due 2025"). as a result of these transactions, we estimate that it will incur approximately $50 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt.
crc senior secured notes due 2025
on july 6, 2020, colt merger sub, inc. (the "escrow issuer") issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of the crc senior secured notes pursuant to an indenture, dated july 6, 2020, by and among the escrow issuer, u.s. bank national association, as trustee and credit suisse ag, cayman islands branch, as collateral agent. the crc senior secured notes ranked equally with all existing and future first priority lien obligations of crc, crc finco, inc. and the subsidiary guarantors. the crc senior secured notes were set to mature on july 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year.
on february 16, 2024, we completed the tender and/or redemption of the crc senior secured notes with proceeds from a new cei term loan b-1, new cei senior secured notes due 2032, and borrowings under the cei revolving credit facility, as needed. see "subsequent amendment to the cei credit agreement and issuance of new senior secured notes" above.
cei senior secured notes due 2025
on july 6, 2020, the escrow issuer issued $3.4 billion in aggregate principal amount of the cei senior secured notes due 2025 pursuant to an indenture, dated july 6, 2020, by and among the escrow issuer, u.s. bank national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the cei senior secured notes due 2025 ranked equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes due 2025 were set to mature on july 1, 2025 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year. on april 5, 2023, we purchased $1 million in principal amount of the cei senior secured notes due 2025.
on february 7, 2024, we completed the tender, redemption, and/or satisfaction and discharge of the cei senior secured notes due 2025 with proceeds from a new cei term loan b-1, new cei senior secured notes due 2032, and borrowings under the cei revolving credit facility, as needed. see "subsequent amendment to the cei credit agreement and issuance of new senior secured notes" above.
cei senior secured notes due 2030
on february 6, 2023, concurrently with the issuance of the cei term loan b, we issued $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 7.00% senior secured notes (the "cei senior secured notes due 2030") pursuant to an indenture by and among the company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time, u.s. bank trust company, national association, as trustee, and u.s. bank national association, as collateral agent. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 rank equally with all existing and future first-priority lien obligations of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior secured notes due 2030 will mature in february 2030, with interest paid semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, commencing august 15, 2023.
baltimore term loan and baltimore revolving credit facility on july 17, 2023, following the acquisition of the remaining 24.2% equity interest in horseshoe baltimore, we permanently repaid the outstanding principal balance of horseshoe baltimore's senior secured term loan facility (the "baltimore term loan"). in connection with the repayment, we recognized a $3 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt. the baltimore term loan was subject to a variable rate of interest calculated as london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus 4.00% until may 1, 2023, when the baltimore term loan's benchmark interest rate was amended from libor to the adjusted term sofr plus an applicable adjustment. in addition, horseshoe baltimore's senior secured revolving credit facility (the "baltimore revolving credit facility") matured on july 7, 2023. the baltimore revolving credit facility had borrowing capacity of up to $10 million, subject to a variable rate of interest calculated as term sofr plus 4.00%.
convention center mortgage loan on september 18, 2020, we entered into a loan agreement with vici, to borrow a 5-year, $400 million forum convention center mortgage loan (the "mortgage loan"). the mortgage loan bears interest at a rate of, initially, 7.7% per annum, which was set to escalate annually on the anniversary of the closing date up to a maximum interest rate of 8.3% per annum. on may 1, 2023, we elected to prepay the outstanding $400 million mortgage loan utilizing cash on hand. in connection with the repayment, we extended vici's call right relating to the caesars forum convention center from december 31, 2026 to december 31, 2028.
crc term loan and crc incremental term loan caesars resort collection ("crc") was party to a credit agreement, dated as of december 22, 2017 (as amended, the "crc credit agreement"), which provided for, among other things, an initial $4.7 billion seven-year senior secured term loan (the "crc term loan"), and an incremental $1.8 billion five-year senior secured term loan (the "crc incremental term loan").
the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan were subject to the terms described below prior to repayment. we repaid the $3.4 billion outstanding principal amount of the crc term loan and the $1.0 billion outstanding principal amount of the crc incremental term loan on february 6, 2023, with proceeds from a new cei term loan b and new cei senior secured notes due 2030, both of which are described above. upon the termination of the crc term loan and the crc incremental term loan, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $197 million.
borrowings under the crc credit agreement were subject to interest at a rate equal to either (a) libor adjusted for certain additional costs, subject to a floor of 0% or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the prime rate as determined by credit suisse ag, cayman islands branch, as administrative agent under the crc credit agreement and (iii) the one-month adjusted libor rate plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. such applicable margin was (a) with respect to the crc term loan, 2.75% per annum in the case of any libor loan or 1.75% per annum in the case of any base rate loan and (b) with respect to the crc incremental term loan, 3.50% per annum in the case of any libor loan or 2.50% in the case of any base rate loan.
cei senior notes due 2027
on july 6, 2020, the escrow issuer issued $1.8 billion in aggregate principal amount of 8.125% senior notes due 2027 pursuant to an indenture, dated july 6, 2020 (the "cei senior notes due 2027"), by and between the escrow issuer and u.s. bank national association, as trustee. the cei senior notes due 2027 rank equally with all existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior notes due 2027 will mature on july 1, 2027 with interest payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on january 1 and july 1 of each year.
cei senior notes due 2029
on september 24, 2021, we issued $1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due 2029 (the "cei senior notes due 2029") pursuant to an indenture dated as of september 24, 2021 between us and u.s. bank national association, as trustee. the cei senior notes due 2029 rank equally with all existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness of the company and the subsidiary guarantors. the cei senior notes due 2029 will mature on october 15, 2029 with interest payable on april 15 and october 15 of each year.
vici leases cei leases certain real property assets from vici under the following agreements: (i) for a portfolio of properties located throughout the united states (the "regional lease"), (ii) for caesars palace las vegas and harrah's las vegas (the "las vegas lease"), and (iii) for harrah's joliet (the "joliet lease"), collectively, vici leases. the lease agreements, inclusive of all amendments, include (i) a 15-year initial term with four five-year renewal options, (ii) initial annual fixed rent payments of $1.1 billion, subject to annual escalation provisions based on the cpi and a 2% floor which commenced in lease year two of the initial terms and (iii) a variable element based on net revenues of the underlying leased properties, commencing in lease year eight of the initial term.
the regional lease includes a put-call right agreement whereby we may require vici to purchase and lease back (as lessor) or whereby vici may require us to sell to vici and lease back (as lessee) the real estate components of the gaming and racetrack facilities of harrah's hoosier park racing & casino and horseshoe indianapolis (the "centaur properties"). election to exercise the option by either party must be made during the election period beginning january 1, 2022 and ending december 31, 2024. upon either party exercising their option, the centaur properties would be sold at a price and leased back to cei in accordance to the terms and conditions of the put-call right agreement.
our vici leases are accounted for as a financing obligation and totaled $11.4 billion as of december 31, 2023. see note 10 to our financial statements for additional information about our vici leases and related matters.
glpi leases the glpi master lease, encompassing a portfolio of properties within the united states, provides for the lease of land, buildings, structures and other improvements on the land, easements and similar appurtenances to the land and improvements relating to the operation of the leased properties. the glpi master lease, inclusive of all amendments, provides for (i) an initial term of 20 years (through september 2038), with four five-year renewals at the our option, (ii) annual land and building base rent of $24 million and $63 million, respectively, (iii) escalating provisions of building base rent equal to 101.25% of the rent for the preceding year for lease years five and six, 101.75% for lease years seven and eight and 102% for each lease year thereafter and (iv) relief from the operating, capital expenditure and financial covenants in the event of involuntary closures. the glpi master lease does not provide us with an option to purchase the leased property or the ability to terminate its obligations under the glpi master lease prior to its expiration without glpi's consent.
on may 5, 2022, we consummated the sale of the equity interests of baton rouge. on november 13, 2023, a third amendment to the glpi master lease was entered into as a result of the sale and removal of baton rouge from the properties included under the glpi master lease.
the lumière lease was entered into by us and glpi, whereby we sold the real estate underlying horseshoe st. louis, formerly known as lumière, to glpi and leased back the property under a long-term financing obligation. the lumière lease, inclusive of all amendments, provides for (i) an initial term commencing on september 29, 2020 and ending on october 31, 2033, (ii) four five-year renewal options, (iii) annual rent payments of $23 million, (iv) escalation provisions commencing in lease year two equal to 101.25% of the rent for the preceding year for lease years two through five, 101.75% for lease years six and seven and 102% for each lease year thereafter, (v) maintaining a minimum of 1.20:1 adjusted revenue to rent ratio and (vi) certain relief under the financial covenant in the event of involuntary closures.
the glpi leases are accounted for as financing obligations and totaled $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2023. see note 10 to our financial statements for additional information about our glpi leases and related matters.
other liquidity matters we are faced with certain contingencies, from time to time, involving litigation, claims, assessments, environmental remediation or compliance. these commitments and contingencies are discussed in greater detail in "part i, item 3. legal proceedings" and note 11 to our financial statements, both of which are included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors-risks related to our business" which is included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our financial statements in conformity with gaap. in preparing our financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of the amounts and disclosures included in the financial statements, giving regard to materiality. when more than one accounting principle, or method of its application, is generally accepted, we select the principle or method that we consider to be the most appropriate under specific circumstances. application of these accounting principles requires us to make estimates about the future resolution of existing uncertainties. certain of our accounting policies, including those in connection with income taxes, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets, long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts related to certain gaming receivables, self-insurance reserves, and litigation, claims and assessments require that we apply significant judgment in defining the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates.
we consider accounting estimates to be critical accounting policies when:
•the estimates involve matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made; and
•different estimates or changes to estimates could have a material impact on the reported financial position, changes in financial position, or results of operations.
by their nature, these judgments and estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. our judgments and estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, observance of trends in the industry, information gathered from customer behavior, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. due to the inherent uncertainty involving judgments and estimates, actual results may differ from those estimates.
our most critical accounting estimates and assumptions are in the following areas:
income taxes we and our subsidiaries file income tax returns with federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities. positions taken in tax returns are sometimes subject to uncertainty in the tax laws and may not ultimately be accepted by the irs or other tax authorities. see note 17 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status and impact of examinations by tax authorities.
we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and as attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use existing deferred tax assets. during the second quarter of 2023, we evaluated our forecasted adjusted taxable income and objectively verifiable evidence and placed substantial weight on our 2022 and 2023 quarterly earnings, adjusted for non-recurring items, including the interest expense disallowed under current tax law. accordingly, we determined it was more likely than not that a portion of the federal and state deferred tax assets will be realized and, as a result, during the second quarter of 2023, we reversed the valuation allowance related to these deferred tax assets and recorded an income tax benefit of $940 million. we are still carrying a valuation allowance on certain federal and state deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized in the future. we have assessed the changes to the valuation allowance, including realization of the disallowed interest expense deferred tax asset, using the integrated approach.
as of december 31, 2023, the company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $872 million and $9.0 billion, respectively, and federal general business tax credit and research tax credit carryforwards of $145 million, which will expire on various dates as follows:
year of expiration                                 net operating losses                tax credits
(in millions)                   federal                          states                    federal
2024-2028                       $-                            $604                        $8
2029-2033                      238                           1,590                        39
2034-2043                      168                           4,560                        98
do not expire                  466                           2,279                         -
$872                          $9,033                      $145
under the applicable accounting standards, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the accounting standards also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets assessing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment is a process that requires significant judgment and involves detailed qualitative and quantitative business-specific analysis and many individual assumptions which fluctuate between assessments.
we determine the estimated fair value of each reporting unit based on a combination of ebitda, valuation multiples, and estimated future cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the capital structure and cost of capital of comparable market participants, giving appropriate consideration to the prevailing borrowing rates within the casino industry in general. we also evaluate the aggregate fair value of all of our reporting units and other non-operating assets in comparison to our aggregate debt and equity market capitalization at the test date. ebitda multiples and discounted cash flows are common measures used to value businesses in our industry.
we determine the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets using either the relief from royalty method or the excess earnings method under the income approach or replacement cost market approach. the determination of fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets requires management to make significant assumptions and estimates around the forecasts as well as the selection of discount rates and valuation multiples. changes in these estimates could have a significant impact on the fair value of our reporting units, intangible assets and result in potential impairment.
forecasts and the determination of appropriate discount rates and valuation multiples used to determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets involves significant assumptions and estimates. assumptions include those used to assess effects of changes in the competitive environment, capital projects and new developments which may not be realized at the projected rate.
we completed our annual impairment tests as of october 1, 2023. the estimated fair values of certain of our indefinite lived intangible assets and reporting units decreased primarily due to a decrease in projected future cash flows at certain regional properties due to increased competition. accordingly, we identified one reporting unit with which the estimated fair value of the associated gaming rights was less than the carrying value and recorded an impairment of $81 million. in addition, we identified one reporting unit where the estimated fair value of the respective reporting unit was below the carrying value and recorded a total impairment of $14 million to goodwill. these reporting units are within the regional segment.
as of october 1, 2023, three reporting units in the regional segment with goodwill totaling $1.1 billion had fair values that did not significantly exceed their respective carrying values. in addition, we identified a trademark totaling $114 million in the las vegas segment and a gaming right totaling $91 million in the regional segment that do not significantly exceed their respective carrying values. the reporting units and indefinite lived intangible assets with carrying values that do not significantly exceed their estimated fair values are primarily assets acquired in the merger when our discount rate was approximately 9.5%. the discount rate used in our annual impairment testing as of october 1, 2023 was approximately 10.5%. to the extent gaming volumes deteriorate in the near future, discount rates increase significantly, or we do not meet our projected performance, we may recognize further impairments, and such impairments could be material. the discount rate represents the most sensitive input in our estimates and an increase of 1% to the discount rate would result in impairments of approximately $40 million on the assets that do not significantly exceed their carrying values. in addition, $1.0 billion of goodwill within our regional segment is associated with reporting units with zero or negative carrying values. see note 7 for additional information.
long-lived assets we have significant capital invested in our long-lived assets, and judgments are made in determining the estimated useful lives of assets, salvage values to be assigned to assets, and if or when an asset has been impaired. the accuracy of these estimates affects the amount of depreciation and amortization expense recognized in our financial results and whether we have a gain or loss on the disposal of an asset. we assign lives to our assets based on our standard policy, which is established by management as representative of the useful life of each category of asset. we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. the factors considered by management in performing this assessment include current operating results, trends and prospects, planned construction and renovation projects, as well as the effect of obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic, legal, and regulatory factors. in estimating expected future cash flows for determining whether an asset is impaired, assets are grouped at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which, for most of our assets, is the individual property. see note 6 for additional information.
allowance for doubtful accounts - gaming we reserve an estimated amount for gaming receivables that may not be collected to reduce the company's receivables to their net carrying amount. methodologies for estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts range from specific reserves to various percentages applied to aged receivables. historical collection rates and reasonable forecasts are considered, as are customer relationships, in determining specific reserves to reflect current expected credit loss. as with many estimates, management must make judgments about potential actions by third parties in establishing and evaluating our reserves for allowance for doubtful accounts. as of december 31, 2023, a 5% increase or decrease to the allowance determined based on a percentage of aged receivables would change the reserve by approximately $15 million.
self-insurance reserves we are self-insured for various levels of general liability, employee medical insurance coverage and workers' compensation coverage. insurance claims and reserves include accruals of estimated settlements for known claims, as well as accruals of estimates for claims incurred but not yet reported. we utilize independent consultants to assist management in its determination of estimated insurance liabilities. while the total cost of claims incurred depends on future developments, in managements' opinion, recorded reserves are adequate to cover future claims payments. self-insurance reserves for employee medical claims, workers' compensations and general liability claims are included within accrued other liabilities on the balance sheets.
the assumptions utilized by our actuaries are subject to significant uncertainty and if outcomes differ from these assumptions or events develop or progress in a negative manner, the company could experience a material adverse effect and additional liabilities may be recorded in the future.
litigation, claims and assessments we utilize estimates for litigation, claims and assessments. these estimates are based on our knowledge and experience regarding current and past events, as well as assumptions about future events. if our assessment of such a matter should change, we may have to change the estimates, which may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates.
recently issued accounting pronouncements for information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our financial statements, see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies - recently issued accounting pronouncements, in the notes.
