item 1a.    risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k/a in evaluating us. our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. this annual report on form 10-k/a also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k/a. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows the risks below.
summary the following is a summary of the most important risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations, and should be read together with the more detailed description of risks that follow:
•merger related risks: the merger is subject to a number of risks, including that the required regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all, that the merger may be terminated or abandoned by the parties and that it may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected to realize, or that the combined company will fail to realize, the anticipated synergies and benefits of the merger.
•economic, regulatory, enforcement and litigation: as a consumer financial services and payment services company, we are subject to risks stemming from laws and regulations, compliance therewith and related litigation and an uncertain economic environment.
•strategic: we must successfully compete against firms that are larger than we are and have more resources than we do as well as firms that are smaller and potentially disruptive to our industry as we manage the unique risks associated with each of our product offerings.
•credit, market and liquidity: we must effectively manage our desire to grow our loan portfolio against the risk that those loans will not be repaid, while ensuring that we manage the underlying cost of the funds we use to make those loans and sources of funding we rely on to fund those loans.
•operational and other risks: we must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services.
merger related risks failure to complete the merger with capital one could negatively affect our stock price and our future business and financial results.
if our pending merger with capital one is not completed for any reason, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the merger, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative effects on our stock price;
•we may experience negative reactions from our customers and vendors;
•we will have incurred substantial expenses and will be required to pay certain costs relating to the merger, including legal, accounting, and other fees, whether or not the merger is completed;
•our management team will have devoted substantial time and resources to matters relating to the merger, and would otherwise have devoted their time and resources to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us, which could cause us to lag competitor advances.
in addition, if the merger agreement is terminated and we seek another merger or business combination, the market price of our common stock could decline, which could make it more difficult to find a party willing to offer equivalent or more attractive consideration than the consideration capital one has agreed to provide in the merger.
-27-
we will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger with capital one is pending.
uncertainty about the effect of the merger on our employees and customers may have an adverse effect on us. these uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and could cause customers and others that deal with us to seek to change existing business relationships with us. in addition, subject to certain exceptions, we have agreed to operate our business in the ordinary course in all material respects and to refrain from taking certain actions that may adversely affect our ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement on a timely basis without the consent of capital one. these restrictions may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the merger. employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the merger, as employees may experience uncertainty about their roles with the surviving corporation following the merger.
shareholder litigation could prevent or delay the closing of our pending merger with capital one or otherwise negatively affect our business and operations.
we may incur additional costs in connection with the defense or settlement of any shareholder lawsuits filed in connection with our pending merger with capital one. such litigation could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could prevent or delay the consummation of the merger.
we have incurred and are expected to incur substantial costs related to the merger.
we have incurred and expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the merger. these costs include, or will include, legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, retention, severance and employee benefit-related costs, public company filings fees and other regulatory fees, financial printing and other printing costs. some of these costs are payable by us regardless of whether or not the merger is completed.
because the market price of capital one common stock may fluctuate, our stockholders cannot be certain of the precise value of the merger consideration they may receive in our pending merger with capital one.
at the time our pending merger with capital one is completed, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock (other than certain shares held by us or capital one) will be converted into the right to receive 1.0192 shares of capital one common stock. there will be a time lapse between each of the date of the proxy statement/prospectus for the stockholders' meeting to approve the merger, the date on which our stockholders vote to approve the merger, and the date on which discover stockholders entitled to receive shares of capital one common stock actually receive such shares. the market value of capital one common stock may fluctuate during these periods as a result of a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in our and capital one's businesses, operations and prospects, and regulatory considerations. many of these factors are outside of our and capital one's control. the actual value of the shares of capital one common stock received by our shareholders will depend on the market value of shares of capital one common stock at the time the merger is completed. this market value may be less or more than the value used to determine the exchange ratio stated in the merger agreement.
regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the proposed merger with capital one.
before the merger with capital one and the subsequent merger of capital one, national association and discover bank (the "bank merger") may be completed, various approvals, consents and non-objections must be obtained from the frb, the occ and the delaware state banking commissioner. in determining whether to grant these approvals, such regulatory authorities consider a variety of factors, including the regulatory standing of each party. these approvals could be delayed or not obtained at all, including due to an adverse development in either party's regulatory standing or in any other factors considered by regulators when granting such approvals; governmental, political or community group inquiries, investigations or opposition; or changes in legislation or the political environment generally.
the approvals that are granted may impose terms and conditions, limitations, obligations or costs, or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company's business or require changes to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. there can be no assurance that regulators will not impose any such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, imposing
-28-
additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger or otherwise reducing the anticipated benefits of the merger if the merger were consummated successfully within the expected timeframe. in addition, there can be no assurance that any such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger. additionally, the completion of the merger is conditioned on the absence of certain orders, injunctions or decrees by any court or regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction that would prohibit or make illegal the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
in addition, despite the parties' commitments to using their reasonable best efforts to comply with conditions imposed by regulators, under the terms of the merger agreement, neither us nor capital one, nor any of their respective subsidiaries, is required to take any action, or commit to take any action, or agree to any condition or restriction, in connection with obtaining the required permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of governmental entities that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the combined company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the merger and the bank merger.
the merger agreement between us and capital one may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the merger may not be completed.
the merger agreement is subject to a number of conditions which must be fulfilled in order to complete the merger. those conditions include, among other things: (i) approval by each of our shareholders and capital one's shareholders of certain matters relating to the merger at each company's respective special meeting; (ii) the receipt of required regulatory approvals, including the approval of the frb and the occ; and (iii) the absence of any order, injunction, decree or other legal restraint preventing the completion of the merger, the bank merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or making the completion of the merger, the bank merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement illegal. each party's obligation to complete the merger is also subject to certain additional customary conditions, including (a) subject to applicable materiality standards, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party, (b) the performance in all material respects by the other party of its obligations under the merger agreement and (c) the receipt by each party of an opinion from its counsel to the effect that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the internal revenue code of 1986.
these conditions to the closing may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may not be completed. in addition, the parties can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after the requisite shareholder approvals, or we or capital one may elect to terminate the merger agreement in certain other circumstances.
combining us and capital one may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, and the combined company may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability to realize the anticipated revenue and cost synergies from combining the businesses of us and capital one. to realize the anticipated revenue and cost synergies from the merger, we and capital one must successfully integrate and combine businesses in a manner that permits those revenue and cost synergies to be realized without adversely affecting current revenues and future growth. if we and capital one are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. in addition, the revenue and cost synergies of the merger could be less than anticipated, and integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses.
an inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect upon the revenues, levels of expenses and operating results of the combined company following the completion of the merger, which may adversely affect the value of the common stock of the combined company following the completion of the merger.
we and capital one have operated and, until the completion of the merger, must continue to operate, independently. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the companies' ability to maintain relationships with merchants, merchant acquirers, clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger. integration efforts between the companies may also divert management attention and resources. these integration matters could have an adverse effect
-29-
on us during this transition period and for an undetermined period after completion of the merger on the combined company.
the combined company may be unable to retain our and/or capital one personnel successfully after the merger is completed.
the success of the merger will depend in part on the combined company's ability to retain the talent and dedication of key employees currently employed by us and capital one. it is possible that these employees may decide not to remain with us or capital one, as applicable, while the merger is pending or with the combined company after the merger is consummated. if we and capital one are unable to retain key employees, including management, who are critical to the successful integration and future operations of the companies, we and capital one could face disruptions in operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment costs. in addition, following the merger, if key employees terminate their employment, the combined company's business activities may be adversely affected, and management's attention may be diverted from successfully hiring suitable replacements, all of which may cause the combined company's business to suffer. we and capital one also may not be able to locate or retain suitable replacements for any key employees who leave either company.
current economic and regulatory environment economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a provider of consumer financial services, our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to the u.s. and global economic environment. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by not only economic conditions but also a customer's other payment obligations.
economic conditions also can reduce the usage of credit cards in general and the average purchase amount of transactions industry-wide, including our cards, which reduces interest income and transaction fees. we rely heavily on interest income from our credit card business to generate earnings. our interest income from credit card loans was $14.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, which was 91% of net revenues (defined as net interest income plus other income), compared to $10.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was 80% of net revenues. economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could slow loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business.
financial regulatory developments have had an impact and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
under the enhanced prudential standards that apply to bank holding companies, dfs is considered a category iv institution and therefore subject to the least stringent category of these standards for domestic bank holding companies with at least $100 billion in total assets. however, many of the core components of the regulations implementing enhanced prudential standards continue to apply to dfs. since 2020, dfs has been subject to slightly more tailored requirements for capital stress testing, liquidity risk management and resolution planning. in addition, proposed changes to the regulatory capital rules issued by the federal banking regulators under the basel committee's december 2010 framework (the "basel iii rules"), if adopted as proposed, could require us to maintain additional capital.
the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including (i) the legislative priorities of the u.s. congress, (ii) priorities and actions of the federal reserve, fdic and cfpb, (iii) implications resulting from our competitors and other marketplace participants and (iv) changing consumer behavior. for additional information regarding bank regulatory matters impacting us, see "business - supervision and regulation."
regulatory and legislative developments, findings and actions have had and could continue to have a negative impact on our business strategies or require us to: limit, exit or modify our business practices and product offerings; restructure our products in unanticipated ways; invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts; limit the fees we charge for services; impact the value of our assets; or limit our ability to pursue certain innovations and business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and
-30-
investments." furthermore, see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting us. it is possible that any new regulatory measures or legislation may disproportionately affect us due to our size, structure or product offerings, among other things.
compliance expectations and expenditures have steadily and significantly increased for us, and the same is true for other financial services firms, as regulators have escalated their focus on the adequacy of controls to support business operations. we may have to invest further in risk management, compliance and other functions in response to possible regulatory feedback. we may face compliance and regulatory risks if we introduce new or changed products and services or enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. heightened regulatory expectations and increased volume of regulatory changes may generate additional expenses or require significant time and resources to maintain compliance.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment and developments potentially impacting us, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments."
strategic business risk we face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the consumer financial services business is highly competitive. we compete with other consumer financial services providers, including non-traditional providers of financing and payment services such as financial technology firms, based on several factors, including brand, reputation, customer service, product offerings, incentives, pricing, digital payments and other terms. competition in credit cards is also based on merchant acceptance and the value provided to the customer by rewards programs and other innovations. many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours and, in some cases, could be viewed as more attractive to customers than our programs. these competitive factors affect our ability to attract and retain customers, increase usage of our products and maximize the revenue generated by our products. in addition, because most domestically-issued credit cards, other than those issued by american express, are issued on the visa and mastercard networks, most other card issuers benefit from the dominant position and marketing and pricing power of visa and mastercard. the competitive marketplace could result in slower loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business. if we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors' actions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we incur considerable costs in competing with other consumer financial services providers and many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our financial results.
we incur considerable costs in competing with other consumer financial services providers to attract and retain customers and increase usage of our products. a substantial portion of this cost relates to marketing expenditures and rewards programs. since 2013 our rewards rate, which represents rewards cost divided by discover card sales volume, has increased from less than 1% to 1.40% in 2023. we expect the competitive intensity in the rewards space to continue, which could result in a continued increase in the cost of our rewards programs. our consumer financial services products compete primarily based on pricing, terms and service. because of the highly competitive nature of the credit card-issuing business, a primary method of competition among credit card issuers, including us, has been to offer rewards programs, low introductory interest rates, attractive standard purchase rates and balance transfer programs that offer a favorable annual percentage rate or other financial incentives for a specified length of time on account balances transferred from another credit card.
competition is intense in the credit card industry and customers may frequently switch credit cards or transfer their balances to another card. we expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements and infrastructure efficiencies. however, there can be no assurance that any of the costs we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase usage of our products will be effective. in addition, to the extent that we offer new products, features or services to remain competitive, we may be subject to increased operational or other risks.
-31-
furthermore, many of our competitors are larger than we are, have greater financial resources than we do, have more breadth in banking products, have lower funding costs than we have and expect to have and have assets, such as branch locations and co-brand relationships, that may be appealing to certain customers. for example, larger credit card issuers, which have greater resources than we do, may be better positioned to fund appealing rewards, marketing and advertising programs. we may be at a competitive disadvantage as a result of the greater financial resources, diversification and scale of many of our competitors.
our costs directly affect our earnings results. many factors can influence the amount of our costs, as well as how quickly it may increase. our ongoing investments in infrastructure, including technology such as generative artificial intelligence ("ai"), which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses and establish scalable operations, increase our costs. in addition, as our business develops, changes or expands, additional costs can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the acquisition of new businesses. if we are unable to manage our costs successfully, our financial results will be negatively affected.
the inability to compete against other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards, limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties and materially reduced earnings from our payment services business.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. for example, we compete with other payment networks to attract network partners to issue credit and debit cards and other card products on the discover, pulse and diners club networks, collectively the discover global network. competition with other operators of payment networks is generally based on issuer fees, fees paid to networks (including switch fees), merchant acceptance, network size and functionality, technological capabilities and other economic terms. competition is also based on customer perception of service quality, brand image, reputation and market share. further, we are facing ongoing competition from alternative payment providers, who may create innovative network or other arrangements with our primary competitors, large merchants or other industry participants, which could adversely impact our costs, transaction volume and ability to grow our business.
many of our competitors are well established, larger than we are and/or have greater financial resources or scale than we do. these competitors have provided financial incentives to card issuers, such as large cash signing bonuses for new programs, funding for and sponsorship of marketing programs and other bonuses. visa and mastercard each enjoy greater merchant acceptance and broader global brand recognition than we do. although we have made progress in merchant acceptance, we have not achieved global market parity with visa and mastercard. in addition, visa and mastercard have entered into long-term arrangements with many financial institutions that may have the effect of discouraging those institutions from issuing cards on the discover network or issuing debit cards on the pulse network. some of these arrangements are exclusive, or nearly exclusive, which further limits our ability to conduct material amounts of business with these institutions. if we are unable to remain competitive on issuer fees and other incentives, we may be unable to offer adequate pricing to network partners while maintaining sufficient net revenues.
we also face competition as merchants put pressure on transaction fees. increasing merchant fees or acquirer fees could adversely affect our effort to increase merchant acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover global network and may cause merchant acceptance to decrease. this, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain network partners who may seek out more cost-effective alternatives from both traditional and non-traditional payment services providers, which may limit our ability to maintain or grow revenues from our proprietary network. in addition, competitors' settlements with merchants and related actions, including pricing pressures and/or surcharging, could negatively impact our business practices. competitor actions related to the structure of merchant and acquirer fees and merchant and acquirer transaction routing strategies have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth and entry into new product markets. visa has entered into arrangements with some merchants and acquirers that have, and are expected to continue to have, the effect of discouraging those merchants and acquirers from routing debit transactions to pulse. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements and competitor actions negatively impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affects pulse's business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue. pulse has a pending lawsuit against visa with respect to these competitive concerns. pulse's transaction processing revenue was $303 million and $249 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
-32-
american express is also a strong competitor, with international acceptance, high transaction fees and an upscale brand image. internationally, american express competes in the same market segments as diners club. we may face challenges in increasing international acceptance on our networks, particularly if third parties that we rely on to issue diners club cards, increase card acceptance and market our brands do not perform to our expectations.
in addition, if we are unable to maintain sufficient network functionality to be competitive with other networks, or if our competitors develop better data security solutions or more innovative products and services than we do, our ability to retain and attract network partners and maintain or increase the revenues generated by our proprietary card-issuing business or our pulse business may be materially adversely affected. our competitive position could also be affected if we are unable to deploy, in a cost effective and competitive manner, technology such as generative ai. additionally, competitors may develop data security solutions, which as a consequence of the competitors' market power, we may be forced to use. in that case, our business may be adversely affected as they may be better positioned to absorb the costs over higher volumes or a larger customer base.
our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers, other payment enablers and licensees, many of whom are financial institutions. the economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. in addition, as a result of this environment, financial institutions may have decreased interest in engaging in new card issuance opportunities or expanding existing card issuance relationships, which would inhibit our ability to grow our payment services business. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies.
if we are unsuccessful in maintaining a strong base of network licensees and achieving meaningful global card acceptance, we may be unable to achieve long-term success in our international network business.
we continue to make progress toward achieving increased global card acceptance for the discover global network since we acquired the diners club network and related assets in 2008. achieving global card acceptance would allow our customers, including third-party issuers leveraging the network, to use their cards at merchant and atm locations around the world.
our international network business depends upon the cooperation, support and continuous operation of the network licensees that issue diners club cards and that maintain a merchant acceptance network. as is the case for other card payment networks, our diners club network does not issue cards or determine the terms and conditions of cards issued by the network licensees. if we are unable to continue our relationships with network licensees or if the network licensees are unable to continue their relationships with merchants, our ability to maintain or increase revenues and to remain competitive would be adversely affected due to the potential deterioration in customer relationships and related demand that could result. if one or more licensees were to experience a significant impairment of their business or were to cease doing business for economic, regulatory or other reasons, we would face the adverse effects of business interruption in a particular market, including loss of volume, acceptance and revenue and exposure to potential reputational risk. if such conditions arise in the future, we may deploy resources and incur expenses in order to sustain network acceptance. additionally, interruption of network licensee relationships could have an adverse effect on the acceptance of discover cards when they are used on the diners club network outside of north america.
the long-term success of our international network business depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which has included and may continue to include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated.
economic and regulatory challenges facing the student lending business could have a negative effect on our student loan portfolio.
the success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the credit risk, pricing, funding, operations, expenses and originations wind-down of our student loan business and compliance with the december 2020 consent order with the cfpb (the "2020 order"). our student loan strategy is also impacted by external factors such as the overall economic environment, changes in interest rates and prepayment rates and a challenging regulatory environment for private student loans and student loans generally. for more information on the regulatory environment, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" and note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements.
-33-
there are several challenges to managing our private student loan business, including (i) economic weakness; (ii) new changes in federal and state laws or regulations; and (iii) other government and regulatory focus on higher education costs, student lending, student loan repayments and student loan servicing. examples of these challenges include the recent legislative focus on federal student loan debt forgiveness in bankruptcy and current and anticipated legislative proposals in a number of states and the district of columbia imposing new requirements on private student loan lenders and servicers. these challenges may require us to restructure our private student loan products and servicing activities in ways we may not currently anticipate. in addition, changes that adversely affect the private student loan market generally may negatively impact the profitability of our student loan portfolio.
the potential sale of the discover student loan portfolio and transfer of servicing of such loans to a third-party provider may result in disruptions to our business and operations, and no assurances can be made that such sale and/or servicing transfer will be completed or will be as successful as projected or expected.
in november 2023, we announced that our board of directors authorized our management to explore the sale of the discover student loan portfolio and the transfer of servicing of such loans to a third-party provider. the time and effort associated with pursuing such sale and/or transfer may result in disruption to our businesses and operations and/or diversion of management attention from other business concerns, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners. if we are unable to retain key employees, including management, who are critical to overseeing, operating and managing our student loan portfolio and the potential sale and servicing transfer of such loans, we could face disruptions in our operations, issues administering and servicing our student loans, challenges complying with the 2020 order, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment costs.
such sale and/or transfer involves significant risks, execution complexity and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. these risks, complexities and uncertainties include, among others, (i) the time necessary to evaluate and effect such sale and/or transfer, (ii) the level of interest from buyers or third-party servicers, (iii) the price and other terms upon which buyers are willing to acquire the loans and third-party servicers are willing to service the loans, (iv) our ability to successfully negotiate terms and conditions with buyers and third-party servicers and to satisfy such terms and conditions, (v) buyers' ability to obtain financing to acquire the loans, (vi) a third-party servicer's ability to successfully onboard the loans, (vii) potential challenges in separating the assets and operations of the discover student loan business from our other businesses, (viii) requirements and impact of the 2020 order, (ix) our ability to retain the talent and focus of our key employees dedicated to our student loan portfolio, and (x) the ability of the applicable parties to obtain any required regulatory approvals and other necessary third-party consents. such sale and/or transfer may require our continued involvement, such as through transition service agreements, guarantees, loan repurchase obligations, loan servicing obligations and indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations and liabilities. additionally, such sale and/or transfer may expose us to increased information security risk as we provide data and information access to third parties.
there is no guarantee that (i) the anticipated benefits of such sale and/or transfer will be realized or (ii) we will be able to effectuate such sale and/or transfer at the prices, times, or volumes we desire, or at all. the inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits, issues related to our ability to fully satisfy any post-sale and/or post-transfer obligations related to the discover student loan portfolio and any delays encountered in such sale and/or transfer process, could have an adverse effect upon our capital position, revenues, levels of expenses, regulatory standing and operating results, which may adversely affect the value of our common stock. also, our board of directors may determine that it is in our best interest ultimately not to complete such sale and/or transfer.
acquisitions, strategic investments or divestitures may not be successful and could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition or reduce our earnings.
we may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products, portfolios of loans or technologies in the future, and we may also divest or explore the sale of businesses, portfolios of loans or technologies from time to time. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance or expensive to fund. additionally, there is no guarantee that we can obtain any necessary regulatory approvals, obtain any necessary financing or complete transactions on terms that are favorable to us or in a timely manner. we generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, deposits or certain assets or businesses. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments."
-34-
to the extent we pay the purchase price of any strategic acquisition or investment in cash, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. similarly, if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it may be dilutive to our stockholders. in addition, we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction. the repayment or settlement of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. additionally, a divestiture may result in continued financial obligations, such as through transition service agreements, guarantees, indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations and liabilities, following the transaction. the satisfaction of these continued financial obligations may also have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully integrate or disaggregate personnel, operations, businesses, products, or technologies of an acquisition, investment or divestiture. integration may be particularly challenging if we enter into a line of business in which we have limited experience and/or if the business operates in (or involves products or technologies in) a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. we may find that we do not have adequate operations or expertise to manage the new business, products or technologies. the integration or disaggregation of any acquisition, investment or divestiture may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. additionally, any acquisition, investment or divestiture may expose us to increased information security risk as we integrate new systems that we may not be as familiar with or bring them in line with the requirements of our information security and business continuity programs or provide data and information access to third parties. acquisitions, investments and divestitures also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons, including the loss of key personnel, customers or vendors or changes in the economic or regulatory environment. if we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments, divest businesses or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions, investments or divestitures or incur additional transaction costs. as a result, our business, reputation and financial condition may be harmed.
credit, market and liquidity risk the failure to successfully manage credit risk, which may result in high delinquency and charge-off rates, could materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition.
as a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable or unwilling to repay the principal of, or interest on, loans in accordance with their terms. we seek to grow our loan receivables while maintaining quality credit performance. our success depends on our ability to manage credit risk while attracting new customers with profitable usage patterns. we select customers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using externally developed and proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging customers to use their available credit. the models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions. while we continually seek to improve our assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies.
at december 31, 2023 and 2022, $2.3 billion, or 1.76%, and $1.3 billion, or 1.14%, of our loan receivables were non-performing (defined as loans over 90 days delinquent and accruing interest, plus loans not accruing interest). our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by household, business, economic and market conditions that may be difficult to predict. when these conditions deteriorate, we may experience reduced demand for credit and increased delinquencies or defaults, including loans which we have securitized and in which we retain a residual interest. the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require additional provision for credit losses. there can be no assurance that our underwriting and portfolio management strategies will permit us to avoid high charge-off levels or that our allowance for credit losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses.
a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be impacted by changes in their employment status, increases in their payment obligations to other lenders and by restricted availability of credit to consumers generally. our collection operations may not compete effectively to secure more of customers' diminished cash flow than our competitors. in addition, we may fail to quickly identify customers who are likely to default on their payment obligations and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, resources,
-35-
techniques and models. there can be no assurance that we will be able to grow the loan receivables portfolio in accordance with our strategies or manage credit and other risks associated with the loan products. our failure to manage credit and other risks may materially adversely affect profitability and the ability to grow the loan receivables portfolio and further diversify the business.
adverse market conditions or an inability to effectively manage our liquidity risk could negatively impact our ability to meet our liquidity and funding needs, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and overall financial condition.
we must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. we require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans, satisfaction of deposit liabilities upon withdrawal or maturity and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. our primary sources of liquidity and funding are payments on our loan receivables, deposits and proceeds from securitization transactions and securities offerings. we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly, or we may be too illiquid, which could limit financial flexibility and result in financial distress during a liquidity stress event. our liquidity portfolio had a balance of approximately $23.3 billion as of december 31, 2023, compared to $19.8 billion as of december 31, 2022. our total contingent liquidity sources amounted to $69.8 billion as of december 31, 2023, compared to $67.3 billion as of december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2023, our total contingent liquidity sources consisted of $23.3 billion in our liquidity portfolio, $2.8 billion of undrawn capacity in private securitizations, $2.6 billion in borrowing capacity with the fhlb of chicago and $41.2 billion in incremental federal reserve discount window capacity.
in the event that our current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we would be required to seek additional financing. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry, new regulatory restrictions and requirements and our credit ratings. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets may limit our ability to repay or replace maturing liabilities in a timely manner. as such, we may be forced to delay the acquisition of additional funding or be forced to issue or raise funding at undesirable terms and/or costs, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. further, in disorderly financial markets or for other reasons, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate some of our investments to meet our liquidity needs.
there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. likewise, adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and other third parties with whom we maintain important financial relationships could negatively impact our funding and liquidity. if we are unable to continue to fund our assets through deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
a major source of our funds is customer deposits, primarily in the form of savings accounts, certificates of deposits, money market accounts and checking accounts. we obtain deposits from consumers either directly or through affinity relationships and through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers. we had $84.0 billion in deposits acquired directly or through affinity relationships and $24.9 billion in deposits originated through securities brokerage firms as of december 31, 2023, compared to $70.5 billion and $21.1 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2022. our ability to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been, and will continue to be, significantly affected by general economic conditions. competition from other financial services firms that use deposit funding, the rates and services we offer on our deposit products and our ability to maintain a high-quality customer experience may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability (through funding costs) and our liquidity (through volumes raised). in addition, our ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by various factors, including factors beyond our control, such as perceptions about our reputation, brand, or financial strength; quality of deposit servicing or branchless banking generally, which could reduce the number of consumers choosing to place deposits with us; third parties continuing or entering into affinity relationships or marketing arrangements with us; disruptions in technology services or the internet, generally; or third-party securities brokerage firms continuing to offer our deposit products. a severe reputational event at the company resulting in fines or additional remediation impacts may result in material deposit outflows and limit our ability to attract new deposits. furthermore, customers may withdraw deposits to ensure that their deposits are fully insured or make investments that
-36-
have a higher yield. if our customers withdraw their deposits, our funding costs may increase, which may reduce our net interest income and net income.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our bank subsidiary. in certain circumstances, the fdia prohibits insured banks from accepting brokered deposits (as defined in the fdia) and applies other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates we may pay. see "business - supervision and regulation" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements for more information. while our subsidiary, discover bank, met the fdic's definition of "well-capitalized" as of december 31, 2023 and has no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance that it will continue to meet this definition. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be "well-capitalized" at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rate we pay on deposits.
if we are unable to securitize our credit card receivables, it may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
we use the securitization of credit card receivables as a significant source of funding as well as for contingent liquidity. the securitization of credit card receivables involves the transfer of credit card receivables to a trust, the transfer of the beneficial interest in those credit card receivables to a second trust through a special purpose entity and the issuance by the second trust of notes to third-party investors collateralized by the beneficial interest in the transferred credit card receivables. our average level of credit card securitized borrowings from third parties was $10.5 billion and $9.0 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete additional credit card securitization transactions if the credit card securitization market experiences significant and prolonged disruption or volatility.
our ability to raise funding through the securitization market also depends, in part, on the credit ratings of the securities we issue from our securitization trusts. if we are not able to satisfy rating agency requirements to confirm the ratings of asset-backed securities issued by our trusts at the time of a new issuance of securities, it could limit our ability to access the securitization markets. additional factors affecting the extent to which we may securitize our credit card receivables in the future include the overall credit quality of our credit card receivables, the costs of securitizing our credit card receivables, the demand for credit card asset-backed securities and the legal, regulatory, accounting or tax rules affecting securitization transactions and asset-backed securities, generally.
a prolonged inability to securitize our credit card receivables, or an increase in the costs of such issuances that would make such activities economically infeasible, may require us to seek alternative funding sources, which may be less efficient and more expensive than raising capital via securitization transactions and may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
the occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions or an inability to delay the accumulation of principal collections for our existing credit card securitization transactions would materially adversely affect our liquidity.
our liquidity and cost of funds would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events that could result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions. our credit card securitization transactions are structured as "revolving transactions" that do not distribute to securitization investors their share of monthly principal payments received on the underlying receivables during the revolving period and instead use those principal payments to fund the purchase of new credit card receivables. the occurrence of an "early amortization event" may result in termination of the revolving periods of one or more of our securitization transactions, which would require us to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings out of principal collections without regard to the original payment schedule. early amortization events include, for example, insufficient cash flows in the securitized pool of credit card receivables to meet contractual requirements (i.e., excess spread less than zero) and certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants in the agreements relating to the securitization transactions. for more information on excess spread, see note 5: credit card and private student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements. an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time or may be less efficient and more expensive. an early amortization event also could impact our ability to access the undrawn secured credit facilities that we maintain for contingent liquidity purposes. additionally, the occurrence of an early amortization event with respect to any of our securitization transactions may adversely impact investor demand for notes issued in our future credit card securitization transactions.
-37-
our credit card securitization structure includes a requirement that we accumulate principal collections into a restricted account in the amount of scheduled maturities on a pro rata basis over the 12 months prior to a security's maturity date. we have the option under our credit card securitization documents to shorten this accumulation period, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. historically, we have exercised this option to shorten the accumulation period to a few months prior to maturity. if we were to determine that the payment rate on the underlying credit card receivables would not support a short accumulation period, we would need to begin accumulating principal cash flows earlier than we have historically. a lengthening of the accumulation period could negatively impact our liquidity, requiring management to implement mitigating measures. during periods of significant maturity levels, absent management actions, the lengthening of the accumulation period could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of our or our subsidiaries' securities could materially adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
we, along with discover bank, are regularly evaluated by the ratings agencies. their ratings for our long-term debt and other securities, including asset-backed securities issued by our securitization trusts, are based on a number of factors that may change from time to time, including our financial strength as well as factors that may not be within our control. factors that affect our unsecured credit ratings include, but are not limited to, the macroeconomic environment in which we operate and the credit ratings of the u.s. government, the credit quality and performance of our assets, the amount and quality of our capital, the level and stability of our earnings and the structure and amount of our liquidity. in addition to these factors, the ratings of our asset-backed securities are also based on the quality of the underlying receivables and the credit enhancement structure of the trusts. downgrades in our ratings, those of discover bank or our asset-backed securities could occur at any time and without notice by any of the rating agencies, which could, among other things, materially adversely affect our cost of funds, access to capital and funding and overall financial condition. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings or that our credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn.
we may not be successful in managing the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio and investment performance may deteriorate due to market fluctuations, which would adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we must effectively manage the risks of the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio, which is composed of cash and cash equivalents and high-quality liquid investments. the value of our investments may be adversely affected by market fluctuations including changes in interest rates, prices, prepayment rates, credit risk premiums and overall market liquidity. also, investments backed by collateral could be adversely impacted by changes in the value of the underlying collateral. in addition, economic conditions may cause certain of the obligors, counterparties and underlying collateral on our investments to incur losses of their own or default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure to these investments. these risks could result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which could negatively impact our financial condition. these risks could also restrict our access to funding. while the securities in our investment portfolio are currently limited to obligations of high-quality sovereign and government-sponsored issuers, we may choose to expand the range of our investments over time, which may result in greater fluctuations in market value. while we expect these investments to be readily convertible into cash and do not believe they present a material increase to our risk profile or will have a material impact on our risk-based capital ratios, they are subject to certain market fluctuations that may reduce the ability to fully convert them into cash.
changes in the level of interest rates could materially adversely affect our earnings.
changes in interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as some of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. through july 2023, short-term interest rates continued to rise as the federal reserve tightened monetary policy further. although u.s. economic growth remained strong in 2023, financial market participants and the federal reserve board expect that growth will decelerate in 2024 while inflationary pressures and labor market conditions normalize, leading to potential reductions in the federal funds target rate range throughout the year. the timing and pace of interest rate changes is uncertain, however, and will largely depend on trends in inflation, employment, and other macroeconomic factors. higher interest rates could negatively impact our customers as total debt service payments would increase, impede our ability to grow our consumer lending businesses and increase the cost of our funding, which would put us at a disadvantage as compared to some of our competitors that have less expensive funding sources.
-38-
some of our consumer loan receivables bear interest at a fixed rate or do not earn interest and we are not able to increase the rate on those loans to offset any higher cost of funds, which could materially reduce earnings. at the same time, some of our variable-rate loan receivables are subject to a cap, exposing us to interest-rate risk. in addition, we utilize a combination of fixed- and variable-rate funding from various sources, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge the liabilities. however, timing mismatches between loan receivable growth and funding procurement could expose us to interest-rate risk.
interest rates may also adversely impact our delinquency and charge-off rates. many consumer lending products bear interest rates that fluctuate with certain base lending rates published in the market, such as the prime rate and secured overnight financing rate. as a result, higher interest rates often lead to higher payment requirements by consumers under obligations to us and other lenders, which may reduce their ability to remain current on their obligations to us and thereby lead to loan delinquencies and additions to our credit loss provision, which could materially adversely affect our earnings.
we continually monitor interest rates and have a number of tools, including the composition of our loans and investments, liability terms and interest rate derivatives, to manage our interest rate risk exposure. changes in market assumptions regarding future interest rates could significantly impact our interest rate risk strategy, our financial position and results of operations. if our interest rate risk management strategies are not appropriately monitored or executed, these activities may not effectively mitigate our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired impact on our results of operations or financial condition. for information related to interest rate risk sensitivities, see "item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
operational and other risk our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk. we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. we use a variety of models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers and for the measurement of risk including credit, market and operational risks and for our finance and treasury functions. models used by discover can vary in their complexity and are designed to identify, measure and mitigate risks at various levels such as loan-level, portfolio segments, entire portfolios and products. these models use a set of computational rules to generate numerical estimates of uncertain values to be used for assessment of price, financial forecasts and estimates of credit, interest rate, market and operational risk. these models and the quality of their outputs are dependent on the quality and accuracy of the data loaded into the models. to the extent that the quality and integrity of that data is compromised, the models could result in inaccurate forecasts, ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. all models carry some level of uncertainty that introduces risks in the estimates.
if the models that we use to mitigate risks are inadequate or do not accurately predict future outcomes, we may incur increased losses. in addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
if the security of our systems, or the systems of third parties we rely upon, is compromised, our business could be disrupted and we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability and damage to our reputation.
our digital banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers and third parties with whom we do business. information security risks for financial institutions have increased and continue to increase in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and cloud, mobile and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, terrorist organizations, nation state actors and other external parties. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems (including third parties) to disclose confidential or sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers.
-39-
our technologies, systems, networks and software, those of other financial institutions and other firms (such as hardware vendors, cloud providers and others), have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, ransomware, denial of service attacks, phishing and other social engineering, other remote access attacks and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, unavailability or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, identity theft and fraud, unavailability of service or other events. these types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties or may result from technological failure or otherwise. further, our vulnerability to these types of threats may be increased to the extent employees work remotely or in hybrid work arrangements.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems through our information security and business continuity programs, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all known and unknown security threats, attacks or breaches or events of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and are becoming increasingly more sophisticated or are not recognized until launched or vulnerabilities in software or hardware are unknown or are unable to be entirely addressed even after becoming known, and because:
•security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources and geographic locations and may be undetected for a period of time.
•we rely on many third-party service providers and network participants, including merchants, and, as such, a security breach or cyber-attack affecting one of these third parties could impact us. for example, the financial services industry continues to see attacks against the environments where personal and identifiable information is handled. for additional information see the risk factor "- failure to manage our relationships with third-party service providers could result in our revenue or results of operations being materially adversely affected."
•our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems to access our products and services.
we are subject to increasing risk related to information and data security as we increase acceptance of the discover card internationally, expand our suite of online digital banking products, enhance our mobile payment technologies, acquire new or outsource some of our business operations, expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications, and otherwise attempt to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the financial services industry. our efforts to mitigate this risk increase our expenses. while we continue to invest in our information security defenses (including cybersecurity defenses), if our security systems or those of third parties are penetrated or circumvented such that the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information about us, our customers, transactions processed on our networks or on third-party networks on our behalf or third parties with which we do business is compromised, we could be subject to significant liability that may not be covered by insurance, including significant legal and financial exposure, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could materially adversely affect our business.
cyber-attacks that are successful, or are perceived to be successful, in compromising the data or disrupting the services of other peer financial institutions, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence, which could negatively impact market perception of our products and services. media reports of attempted cyber-attacks, service disruptions or vulnerabilities in our information systems or security procedures or those of any of the third-party service providers we engage, could cause significant legal and financial exposure, lead to regulatory and legislative intervention and cause an overall negative effect in our business. for additional information on risks in this area, see the risk factors below regarding fraudulent activity, the introduction of new products and services, the use of third parties for outsourcing, technology generally, and laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security.
if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our objective to be the leading consumer bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our
-40-
expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
we may be unable to increase or sustain discover credit card usage, which could impair growth in, or lead to diminishing, average balances and total revenue.
a key element of our business strategy is to increase the usage of the discover credit card by our customers, including making it their primary credit card, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and interest income. however, our customers' use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal and economic factors, and customers may decide to use debit cards or other payment products instead of credit cards, not increase credit card usage, or pay their balances within the grace period to avoid finance charges. we face challenges from competing card products in our attempts to increase credit card usage by our existing customers. our ability to increase credit card usage also is dependent on customer satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes. existing legal and regulatory restrictions limit pricing changes that may impact an account throughout its lifecycle, which may reduce our capability to offer lower price promotions to drive account usage and customer engagement. as part of our strategy to increase usage, we have been increasing the number of merchants who accept credit cards issued on the discover network. if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance or fail to improve awareness of existing merchant acceptance of our credit cards, our ability to grow usage of discover credit cards may be hampered. as a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in or lead to diminishing average balances and total revenue.
a reduction in the number of large merchants that accept cards on the discover network or pulse network or in the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
discover card net transaction dollar volume was concentrated among our top 100 merchants in 2023, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 6% of that net transaction volume. transaction volume on the pulse network was also concentrated among the top 100 merchants in 2023, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 17% of pulse transaction volume. these merchants could seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives by conditioning their continued participation in the discover network and/or pulse network on a change in the terms of their economic participation. loss of acceptance at our largest merchants would decrease transaction volume, negatively impact our brand and could cause customer attrition. in addition, some of our merchants, primarily our remaining small- and mid-size merchants, are not contractually committed to us for any period of time and may cease to participate in the discover network at any time on short notice.
actual or perceived limitations on acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network or debit cards issued on the pulse network could adversely affect the use of discover cards by existing customers and the attractiveness of discover cards to prospective customers. also, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining network partners if we are unable to add or retain acquirers or merchants who accept cards issued on the discover or pulse networks. as a result of these factors, a reduction in the number of our merchants or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks.
merchant acceptance and fees are critical to the success of both our card-issuing and payment processing businesses. merchants are concerned with the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks. they seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives as a condition of continued participation in the discover network and pulse network. merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including issuer fees, violate federal antitrust laws. there can be no assurance that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against other credit card and debit card issuers and networks, including us. merchants also may promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. merchant groups have also promoted federal and state legislation that would restrict issuer practices or enhance the ability of merchants, individually or collectively, to negotiate more favorable fees. the heightened focus by
-41-
merchants on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks, together with the dodd-frank act and recent industry litigation, which would allow merchants to encourage customers to use other payment methods or cards and may increase merchant surcharging, could lead to reduced transactions on, or merchant acceptance of, discover network or pulse network cards or reduced fees, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
political, economic or other instability in a country or geographic region, or other unforeseen or catastrophic events, could adversely affect our business activities and reduce our revenue.
geopolitical events, natural disasters, extreme weather-related events or other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks and pandemics, may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events and other natural disasters. our diners club network, concentrated primarily on serving the global travel industry, could be adversely affected by a number of factors including international conditions, travel restrictions, pandemics or negative perceptions about the safety of travel that may result in an indefinite decline in consumer or business travel activity. armed conflict, public health emergencies, natural disasters, political instability or terrorism may have a significant and prolonged negative effect on travel activity and related revenue. although a regionalized event or condition may primarily affect one of our network participants, it may also affect our overall network and card activity and our resulting revenue. overall network and card transaction activity may decline as a result of concerns about safety or disease or may be limited because of economic conditions that result in spending, including on travel, to decline. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
fraudulent activity associated with our products or our networks could cause our brands to suffer reputational damage, the use of our products to decrease and our fraud losses to be materially adversely affected.
we are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, customers and other third parties handling customer information. the fraud environment continues to be challenging for the financial services industry in general. credit and debit card fraud, identity theft and electronic-transaction related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever more sophisticated. more recently, emerging generative ai capabilities, such as synthetic voice and conversation generation, introduced new fraud risks, especially in the form of identity fraud. while we have policies and procedures designed to address such risk, there can be no assurance that losses will not occur. our resources, customer authentication methods and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict, prevent or detect fraud. consumer activists and regulators have sought to expand financial institutions' responsibility to hold customers harmless for fraudulent transactions on their accounts. we incurred fraud losses and other charges of $131 million and $149 million during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
our risk of fraud continues to increase as third parties that handle confidential consumer information suffer security breaches, acceptance of the discover card grows internationally and we expand our digital banking business and introduce new products and features. our financial condition, the level of our fraud charge-offs and other results of operations could be materially adversely affected if fraudulent activity were to significantly increase. furthermore, high-profile fraudulent activity could negatively impact our brand and reputation. in addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brands, which could negatively impact the use of our deposit accounts, cards and networks and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. further, fraudulent activity may result in lower license fee revenue from our diners club licensees.
the financial services and payment services industries are rapidly evolving and we may be unsuccessful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes.
technological changes continue to significantly impact the financial services and payment services industries. for example, we may be unsuccessful in deploying new technologies to strengthen our credit underwriting capabilities, enhance the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, ensure acceptance with new payment technologies, enhance customer service, drive efficiencies in back-office functions or reduce fraud. the competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization spaces are expected to continue to bring risks and opportunities to both our digital banking and payment services businesses.
the effect of technological changes on our business is both rapid and unpredictable. we depend, in part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. we expect that new services and technologies
-42-
relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. rapidly evolving technologies and new entrants in mobile and emerging payments pose a risk to us both as a card issuer and as a payments business. as a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our customers, merchants and financial institution customers.
the process of developing new products and services or enhancing our existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain. difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. the occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services. developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. in addition, the new products and services offered may not be adopted by consumers, merchants or financial institution customers. also, the success of a new product or service may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that we may not be in a position to make. if we are unable to successfully introduce and support new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, it may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to manage our relationships with third-party service providers could result in our revenue or results of operations being materially adversely affected.
we depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. for example, we depend on third parties for software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data transportation network and for other telecommunications, processing, remittance, technology-related and other services in connection with our digital banking and payment services businesses. if a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels, security requirements or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a secure, consistent, timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services, and the quality of our brands, and could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, revenues and/or our results of operations.
with remote and hybrid work arrangements, we have become increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship, such as our employees' internet service providers. if these third-parties experience service disruptions, our operations may be interrupted or negatively impacted.
if our key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. the implementation of technology changes as well as patches and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on us. in addition, our transaction processing systems and other operational systems may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure, natural disaster or other reasons. such services could be disrupted at any of our primary or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities. third parties to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of certain technological functionality may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. in addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to sustain our investment in new technology to avoid obsolescence of critical systems and applications. a failure to maintain current technology, systems and facilities or to control third-party risk, could cause disruptions in the operation of our business, which could materially adversely affect our transaction volumes, revenues, reputation and/or our results of operations.
if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to drive our business, our business could be materially adversely affected.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to manage and grow our business. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be
-43-
difficult to replace. we believe we are in a critical period of competition in the financial services and payments industry. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel or it may be expensive to do so. we may be subject to restrictions under future legislation or regulation limiting executive compensation. for example, the federal banking agencies have previously issued proposed rulemaking on incentive compensation practices for certain employees at banking organizations, including executives, and may issue additional rules relating to such activities in the future. these requirements could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies in attracting, hiring and retaining key personnel and offer incentives that motivate our key personnel to perform and may require us to extensively restructure certain of our existing incentive compensation practices. additionally, the market for individuals with skills in fields such as technology, advanced analytics, digital marketing and payments is increasingly competitive and we may not be able to attract and retain persons with the desired skill set or experience. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel to manage and grow our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
merchant defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
as an issuer and merchant acquirer in the u.s. on the discover network and as a holder of certain merchant agreements internationally for the diners club network, we may be contingently liable for certain disputed credit card sales transactions that arise between customers and merchants. if a dispute is resolved in the customer's favor, we will cause a credit or refund of the amount to be issued to the customer and charge back the transaction to the merchant or merchant acquirer. if we are unable to collect this amount from the merchant or merchant acquirer, we will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the customer. where the purchased product or service is not provided until some later date following the purchase, such as an airline ticket, the likelihood of potential liability increases. losses related to merchant chargebacks were not material for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
damage to our reputation could negatively affect our business and brand.
in recent years, financial services companies have experienced increased reputational risk as consumers protest and regulators scrutinize business and compliance practices of such companies. maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees. damage to our reputation can therefore cause significant harm to our business and prospects. harm to our reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct; a breach of our or our service providers' cybersecurity defenses; litigation or regulatory outcomes; failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality; compliance failures; and the activities of customers, business partners and counterparties. social media also can cause harm to our reputation. by its very nature, social media can reach a wide audience in a very short amount of time, which presents unique corporate communications challenges. negative or otherwise undesirable publicity generated through unexpected social media coverage can damage our reputation and brand. negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may result in customer attrition and other harm to our business prospects. there has also been increased focus on topics related to environmental, social and corporate governance policies, and criticism of our policies in these areas could also harm our reputation and/or potentially limit our access to some forms of capital or liquidity.
we may be unsuccessful in protecting or defending our brands or other intellectual property, or third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.
we rely on a multifaceted strategy to protect our intellectual property that takes advantage of protection such as patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other restrictions on disclosure of confidential and proprietary information. we develop our intellectual property internally and in some cases license it from third parties.
in addition, the discover, pulse and diners club brands have substantial economic and intangible value. our success is dependent on our ability to promote and protect these brands and our other intellectual property. our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands. we strategically license our trademarks to business partners and network participants, some of whom have contractual obligations to promote and develop our brands. for example, the discover card brand is now being issued by certain diners club licensees in their local markets.
if our business partners or other third parties do not adhere to contractual standards, engage in improper business practices, or otherwise misappropriate, misuse or diminish the value of our brands or our other intellectual property, we may suffer reputational and financial damage. if we will not be able to adequately protect our brands, our proprietary information and other intellectual property, our business success may be adversely affected. in addition,
-44-
third parties may allege that our developed or licensed marketing, processes or systems may infringe upon their intellectual property rights. given the potential risks and uncertainties of such claims, our business could be adversely affected by having to pay significant monetary damages, technology development expenses or licensing fees, and we may have to alter our business practices or be prevented from competing effectively.
laws, regulations and supervisory guidance and practices, or the application thereof, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must comply with an array of banking, consumer lending and payment services laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in which we operate as described more fully in "business - supervision and regulation," the risk factor entitled "- financial regulatory developments have and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." in addition, we are subject to inquiries and enforcement actions from states' attorney general offices and regulation by federal regulators, state banking regulators and the u.s. department of justice, as well as the sec and new york stock exchange in our capacity as a public company. we also are subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret accounting standards (such as the financial accounting standards board, the sec, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm), which may add new requirements or change their interpretations on how standards should be applied. guidance not yet issued could potentially have a material impact on business lines, as well as how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations, and could have an impact on regulatory capital.
failure to comply with laws, regulations and standards could lead to adverse consequences such as financial, structural, reputational and operational penalties, including our bank subsidiary being placed in receivership, litigation exposure and disgorgement and fines (as described further below). for example, failure to comply with anti-terrorism, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the usa patriot act of 2001, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws regarding corporate conduct, can expose us and/or individual employees to severe criminal and civil penalties.
legislative, regulatory and tax code changes could impact the profitability of our business activities, alter consumer behavior in ways we did not anticipate, require us to limit or change our business practices or our product offerings, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs). significant changes in laws and regulations may have a more adverse effect on our results of operations than on the results of our competitors or may disproportionately benefit our competitors.
current and proposed laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could affect the competitiveness of our products and increase our costs.
legal or regulatory pronouncements relating to consumer privacy, data use and security affect our business. we are subject to a number of laws concerning consumer privacy and data use and security enacted by u.s. and non-u.s. governmental and regulatory authorities, such as the european union's general data protection regulation, the glba, and the california consumer privacy act. due to recent consumer data compromise events in the u.s., which resulted in unauthorized access to millions of customers' data, these areas continue to be a focus of the u.s. executive branch and congress, state legislators and attorneys general and other regulators. developments in this area, such as new laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, litigation or enforcement actions, could result in new or different requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" for more information. in addition, failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information or the failure to provide timely notification of a disclosure, could result in litigation, fines, sanctions, penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses, oversight and reputation risk.
consumer banking and payment services institutions have historically been subject to significant legal actions, both from private and government litigants. in addition to regulatory actions, private litigation may include class action lawsuits and commercial, shareholder and patent litigation. many of these actions have included claims for substantial
-45-
compensatory, statutory or punitive damages. we have been, currently are, and may again be involved in various actions or proceedings brought by private litigants as well as governmental regulatory and enforcement agencies. this includes the 2020 order with the cfpb pursuant to which discover is required to implement a redress and compliance plan in addition to the payment of at least $10 million in consumer redress to consumers who may have been harmed and a $25 million civil money penalty to the cfpb, and the september 2023 consent order by the fdic with discover bank regarding its compliance management system for consumer protection laws pursuant to which discover bank has agreed to improve its consumer compliance management system and enhance related corporate governance and enterprise risk management practices, and increase the level of board oversight over such matters. in addition, we may be subject to further actions, including the imposition of additional consent orders, regulatory agreements or civil money penalties, by governmental regulatory and enforcement agencies regarding similar or other issues. furthermore, issues with or delays in satisfying the requirements of a regulatory action could affect our progress on others, and failure to satisfy the requirements of a regulatory action on a timely basis could result in additional penalties, enforcement actions, and other negative consequences, including reputational harm, requiring changes to business activities and product offerings, or subjecting us to material fines, penalties, customer restitution or other requirements, resulting in increased expenses. compliance with existing consent orders, and any other consent orders or regulatory actions, as well as the implementation of their requirements, may increase our expenses, require us to reallocate resources away from growing our existing businesses, subject us to business restrictions, negatively impact our capital and liquidity, require us to undergo significant changes to our business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices, and expose us to private litigation. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on current matters affecting us.
historically, we have offered customers an arbitration clause in agreements to quickly and economically resolve disputes. the arbitration clause has, in some cases, also limited our exposure to consumer class action litigation, while still being able to resolve individual customer disputes. however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to offer arbitration clauses in the future or that we will be successful in enforcing the arbitration clause in court. legal challenges to the enforceability of these clauses may cause us to discontinue their use. in addition to court enforceability uncertainty, there have been bills pending in the u.s. congress to directly or indirectly prohibit the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in some or all consumer banking products. members of congress have also urged the cfpb to enact rules prohibiting or limiting the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses.
we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock.
we increased our quarterly common stock dividend in 2023 to $0.70 per share, an increase of $0.10 per share from the previous rate of $0.60 per share and repurchased approximately 6.8% of our outstanding common stock under our share repurchase program in 2023. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon regulatory limitations imposed by the federal reserve and our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors as further described in "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases." holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid on or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of our preferred stock in any dividend period. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our payment of dividends on or our repurchase of our stock at any time. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends on or repurchase our stock in the future.
we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of december 31, 2023. if we fail to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the trading price of our common stock may decline.
pursuant to section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act, our management is required to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to audit, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. the rules governing the standards that must be met for management to determine the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation if a deficiency is identified. annually, we perform activities that include reviewing, documenting, and testing our internal control over financial reporting. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over
-46-
financial reporting, we will not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act. any failure to achieve and maintain an effective system of internal control could result in materially misstated consolidated financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. this could result in significant expenses to remediate any internal control deficiency and lead to a decline in the price of our common stock.
as discussed further in the explanatory note to this form 10-k/a, on november 25, 2024, the audit committee concluded that certain periods of our historical financial statements should no longer be relied upon and should be restated to reflect the alternative approach. in connection with this restatement, our management re-evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2023. our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of december 31, 2023, and our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of december 31, 2023 due to the following material weaknesses (a material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis):
•we did not have controls designed or implemented to ensure that discover bank-issued credit cards were placed in appropriate merchant and merchant acquirer pricing tiers, which in turn led to inaccurate revenue recognition.
•we selected a methodology to estimate the revenue error and associated liability that the staff believed to be, and we ultimately accepted as, a misapplication of gaap related to the card product misclassification.
•based on certain criteria set forth in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission ("coso"), we did not maintain an effective control environment, as we did not demonstrate an appropriate commitment to integrity and ethical values, specifically in the approach to evaluating and addressing the card product misclassification, and this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. the material weakness in the control environment persisted for an extended period of time. this control environment material weakness contributed to the other weaknesses within our system of internal control over financial reporting at the control activity level.
we are in the process of implementing remediation plans to address these material weaknesses. while we believe these efforts will improve our internal controls and address the root causes of the material weaknesses, the material weaknesses cannot be considered completely remediated until applicable controls have been designed, implemented, have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. we cannot be certain that the steps we are taking will be sufficient to remediate the control deficiencies that led to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or prevent future material weaknesses or control deficiencies from occurring. in addition, we cannot be certain that we have identified all material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or that in the future we will not have additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. for more information related to the material weaknesses and their remediation, see "item 9a - controls and procedures" of this form 10-k/a.
we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries.
discover financial services, our parent holding company, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries, particularly discover bank, to fund its dividend payments, share repurchases, payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, and to provide funding and capital as needed to its operating subsidiaries. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our transfer of funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries, at any time. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations or otherwise achieve strategic objectives. for more information, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases."
-47-
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k/a and materials we have filed or will file with the sec (as well as information included in our other written or oral statements) contain or will contain certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "forecasts," and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," and "could," are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. you should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this annual report on form 10-k/a, including those described under "risk factors." the statements are only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
possible events or factors that could cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include the following:
•changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt and investor sentiment;
•the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance and regulatory and legal actions, including, but not limited to, those related to accounting guidance, tax reform, financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity;
•risks related to the proposed merger with capital one including, among others, (i) failure to complete the merger with capital one or unexpected delays related to the merger or the inability of the parties to obtain regulatory approvals or satisfy other closing conditions required to complete the merger, (ii) regulatory approvals resulting in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction, (iii) diversion of management's attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities, (iv) cost and revenue synergies from the merger may not be fully realized or may take longer than anticipated to be realized, (v) the integration of each party's management, personnel and operations will not be successfully achieved or may be materially delayed or will be more costly or difficult than expected, (vi) deposit attrition, customer or employee loss and/or revenue loss as a result of the announcement of the proposed merger, (vii) expenses related to the proposed merger being greater than expected, and (viii) shareholder litigation that could prevent or delay the closing of the proposed merger or otherwise negatively impact our business and operations;
•the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;
•our ability to manage our expenses;
•our ability to successfully achieve card acceptance across our networks and maintain relationships with network participants and merchants;
•our ability to sustain our card and personal loan growth;
•our ability to complete the proposed sale of the discover student loan portfolio;
•our ability to increase or sustain discover card usage or attract new customers;
•difficulty obtaining regulatory approval for financing, closing, transitioning, integrating or managing the expenses of acquisitions of or investments in new businesses, products or technologies;
•our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk;
•the availability and cost of funding and capital;
•access to deposit, securitization, equity, debt and credit markets;
•the impact of rating agency actions;
•the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices;
•losses in our investment portfolio;
-48-
•limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock;
•limits on our ability to receive payments from our subsidiaries;
•fraudulent activities or material security breaches of our or others' key systems;
•our ability to remain organizationally effective;
•the effect of political, economic and market conditions, geopolitical events, climate change, pandemics and unforeseen or catastrophic events;
•our ability to introduce new products or services;
•our ability to manage our relationships with third-party vendors, as well as those with which we have no direct relationship such as our employees' internet service providers;
•our ability to maintain current technology and integrate new and acquired systems and technology;
•our ability to collect amounts for disputed transactions from merchants and merchant acquirers;
•our ability to attract and retain employees;
•our ability to protect our reputation and our intellectual property;
•our ability to comply with regulatory requirements, including existing consent orders;
•our ability to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that led to the restatement of our financial statements, and the risk that we may experience additional material weaknesses; and
•new lawsuits, investigations, consent orders or similar matters or unanticipated developments related to current matters.
we routinely evaluate and may pursue acquisitions of, investments in or divestitures from businesses, products, technologies, loan portfolios or deposits, which may involve payment in cash or our debt or equity securities.
the foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exclusive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this annual report on form 10-k/a. these factors expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. except for any ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required under u.s. federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we distribute this annual report on form 10-k/a, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
-49-
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k/a. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis constitutes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k/a particularly under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows "risk factors." unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements are to the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 and for years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
introduction and overview discover financial services ("dfs") is a digital banking and payment services company. we provide digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. we offer our customers credit card loans, personal loans, home loans and deposit products. we also operate the discover network, the pulse network ("pulse") and diners club international ("diners club"), collectively known as the discover global network. the discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit and debit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to automated teller machines domestically and internationally and merchant acceptance throughout the united states of america ("u.s.") for debit card transactions. diners club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue diners club branded credit and charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services.
our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants and issuers. the primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), credit loss provisions, customer rewards and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt.
highlights the highlights below compare results as of and for the year ended december 31, 2023 against results as of and for the year ended december 31, 2022.
•as restated, net income was $2.8 billion, or $10.70 per diluted share, compared to net income of $4.3 billion, or $15.23 per diluted share, in the prior year.
•total loans grew $16.3 billion, or 15%, to $128.4 billion.
•credit card loans grew $12.1 billion, or 13%, to $102.3 billion.
•the net charge-off rate for credit card loans increased 185 basis points to 3.90% and the delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due increased 134 basis points to 3.87%.
•direct-to-consumer deposits grew $13.5 billion, or 19%, to $84.0 billion.
•payment services transaction volume for the segment was $364.6 billion, up 10%.
the highlights below compare results as of and for the year ended december 31, 2022 against results as of and for the year ended december 31, 2021.
•as restated, net income was $4.3 billion, or $15.23 per diluted share, compared to net income of $5.4 billion, or $17.63 per diluted share, in the prior year.
•total loans grew $18.4 billion, or 20%, to $112.1 billion.
•credit card loans grew $15.7 billion, or 21%, to $90.1 billion.
•the net charge-off rate for credit card loans decreased 4 basis points to 2.05% and the delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due increased 87 basis points to 2.53%.
•direct-to-consumer deposits grew $8.6 billion, or 14%, to $70.5 billion.
-54-
•payment services transaction volume for the segment was $331.1 billion, up 5%.
outlook the outlook below provides our current expectations for our financial results for 2024, in comparison to 2023, based on market conditions, the regulatory and legal environment and our business strategies.
•we expect total loans to be relatively flat.
•based on our expectation of the interest rate environment during 2024, net interest margin is expected to decrease.
•we expect the total net charge-off rate to increase driven by the seasoning of recent vintages with higher delinquencies.
•total expenses are expected to increase driven by investments in compliance and risk management capabilities. we remain committed to managing expenses while continuing to make investments in profitable long-term growth.
regulatory environment and developments banking capital standards and stress testing as a bank holding company, dfs is subject to mandatory supervisory stress tests every other year and is required to submit annual capital plans to the federal reserve based on forward-looking internal analysis of income and capital levels under baseline and stressful conditions. dfs is also subject to capital buffer requirements, including the stress capital buffer ("scb"), which requires maintaining regulatory capital levels above a threshold based on the results of supervisory stress tests after accounting for planned dividend payments.
in january 2021, the federal reserve finalized regulatory amendments that made targeted changes to the capital planning, regulatory reporting and scb requirements for firms subject to category iv standards, including dfs, to be consistent with the federal reserve's regulatory tailoring framework. the final rules generally align to instructions the federal reserve previously provided to category iv firms regarding their respective capital plan submissions. the amended rules also provide category iv firms with the option to submit to supervisory stress tests during off years if they wish for the federal reserve to reset the stress test portion of their scb requirement. the federal reserve also revised the scope of application of its existing regulatory guidance for capital planning to align with the tailoring framework. however, the timing and substance of any additional changes to existing guidance or new guidance are uncertain. moreover, following the failure of three domestic banks during march and april 2023, members of congress, the president of the united states and various bank regulatory authorities have made public statements indicating a desire for additional prudential regulation for category iv firms like dfs.
in july 2023, the federal reserve, the office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ") and the federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") issued a proposal to amend the risk-based capital framework (the "basel iii rules"), which includes replacing the current "advanced approach" with a new expanded risk-based approach. in addition, the proposal introduces new standardized approaches for credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment risk, and would significantly revise risk-based capital requirements for all banking institutions with assets of $100 billion or more, including dfs. if adopted, the new requirements would be effective july 1, 2025 with a three-year transition period.
in august 2023, the federal reserve, the fdic and the occ (the "agencies") issued a proposal that would require banking institutions in categories ii through iv of the tailoring framework, including dfs, and their insured depository institution subsidiaries with $100 billion or more in assets such as discover bank, to have minimum levels of outstanding long-term debt. under the proposed rule, a covered banking institution would be required to have a minimum outstanding amount of eligible long-term debt that is at least 6% of the institution's total risk-weighted assets, 2.5% of its total leverage exposure (if it is required to maintain a minimum supplementary leverage ratio) and 3.5% of its average total consolidated assets, whichever is greater. if adopted, banking institutions would have three years to comply with the new requirements, though the agencies would retain the authority to accelerate or extend the transition period.
-55-
while we cannot currently predict the timing or substance of the finalization of these proposals or other regulatory changes, if any such change were adopted, it would likely revise the regulatory tailoring currently applicable to dfs, otherwise tighten the prudential regulatory requirements that would apply to dfs and increase our expenses.
in june 2022, the federal reserve released results of the 2022 comprehensive capital analysis and review ("ccar") exercise. our capital levels demonstrated resiliency under stress, staying well above regulatory minimums. based on these results, in august 2022, our new scb was set at 2.5%, the lowest possible requirement. this new scb was effective october 1, 2022 through september 30, 2023. in accordance with the capital plan rule amendments, we elected not to participate in the 2023 supervisory stress tests. nevertheless, on april 5, 2023, we submitted to the federal reserve a capital plan based on a forward-looking internal assessment of income and capital under baseline and stressful conditions. on july 27, 2023, the federal reserve disclosed that our scb was unchanged at 2.5%, effective beginning october 1, 2023 through september 30, 2024.
london interbank offered rate transition in march 2021, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue to contribute quotes and maintain the london interbank offered rate ("libor") after december 31, 2021, and the most commonly used u.s. dollar ("usd") libor settings ceased to be published on a representative basis in july 2023.
on december 16, 2022, the federal reserve adopted a final rule, which became effective on february 27, 2023, implementing the adjustable interest rate (libor) act ("libor act"), which provides a statutory framework to replace libor with a benchmark rate based on the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") for contracts governed by u.s. law that do not have fallback provisions or that have fallback provisions resulting in a replacement rate based on libor.
in connection with the transition, $1.8 billion of our libor-based capital markets securities transitioned to the corresponding tenor for chicago mercantile exchange ("cme") term sofr reference rate plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment in a manner consistent with the libor act and the regulation implementing the libor act. additionally, approximately $500 million of discover bank's subordinated notes not covered under the libor act reset in august 2023 consistent with their fallback provisions.
new originations of variable-rate student loans are indexed solely to 3-month term sofr, as published by the cme. our portfolio of outstanding libor-indexed student loans converted to a sofr index in october 2023.
consumer financial services the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") regulates consumer financial products and services and examines certain providers of consumer financial products and services, including discover. the cfpb's authority includes rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers with respect to federal consumer protection laws; preventing "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" ("udaap") and ensuring that consumers have access to fair and transparent financial products and services. historically, the cfpb's policy priorities focused on several financial products of the type we offer (e.g., credit cards and other consumer lending products). in addition, the cfpb is required by statute to undertake certain actions including its biennial review of the consumer credit card market.
the cfpb's priorities have continued to focus on, among other things, increased enforcement of existing consumer protection laws, with a particular focus on fees charged to consumers, udaap, fair lending, student lending and servicing, debt collection and credit reporting. additionally, detection of repeat offenders, such as companies that violate a formal court or agency order, has also become a priority for the cfpb. director chopra, in march 2022, identified, as repeat offenders, several companies that have had multiple enforcement actions, including discover. the cfpb has recently taken action against financial institutions for violating prior enforcement actions. in december 2020, certain of our subsidiaries entered into a consent order with the cfpb regarding identified private student loan servicing practices. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
on february 1, 2023, the cfpb proposed a rule to alter regulation z's late fee standards that includes caps on fees for late payments, which could result in increased cardholder delinquencies and credit losses.
-56-
enhanced regulatory requirements, potential supervisory findings, or enforcement actions and ratings could negatively impact our ability to implement certain consumer-focused enhancements to product features and functionality and business strategies, limit or change our business practices, limit our consumer product offerings, cause us to invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts or limit our ability to obtain related required regulatory approvals. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing or new regulatory requirements may adversely impact the cost of and access to credit for consumers and results of business operations.
data security and privacy policymakers at the federal and state levels remain focused on enhancing data security and data breach incident response requirements. furthermore, regulations and legislation at various levels of government continue to be proposed and enacted to augment consumer data privacy standards and require companies to assess and/or disclose cybersecurity metrics, risks, opportunities, policies and practices. at the federal level, discover is subject to the gramm-leach-bliley act ("glba") and its implementing regulations and guidance, which regulate discover's use and disclosure of our consumers' nonpublic personal information ("npi"). in july 2023, the securities and exchange commission (the "sec") adopted rules on cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance and incident disclosure. for more information on discover's cybersecurity program in connection with these rules, see item 1c. cybersecurity.
at the state level, the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), which became effective in 2020, created a broad set of privacy rights and remedies. the california privacy rights act ("cpra"), which became effective on january 1, 2023, amends the ccpa, enhancing consumer privacy protections and creating a new california privacy protection agency ("cppa"). a california court recently issued an order delaying enforcement of the cpra regulations from july 1, 2023, until march 29, 2024, although the cppa may still decide to enforce the provisions of the ccpa, as amended. the cppa has proposed additional regulations around cybersecurity, risk assessment and automated decision-making technology that may impact discover once they move to more formal rulemaking. other states continue to pass privacy legislation with new jersey being the first in 2024. so far, these laws exempt either npi or financial institutions subject to the glba from their scope, so the impact of these state privacy laws on several discover businesses is limited. we continue to evaluate the impact of the ccpa, as well as other federal and state laws, on our businesses and other providers of consumer financial services, including laws regulating the capture and use of consumer biometrics. for more information on the impact to discover of data security and privacy laws on regulation, see "business - supervision and regulation" and item 1a. risk factors.
environmental, social and governance matters environmental, social and governance ("esg") issues, including climate change, human capital and governance practices, are a significant area of focus by u.s. federal, state and international lawmakers and regulatory agencies, as well as shareholders and other stakeholders. in recent months, there have been substantial legislative and regulatory developments on such issues, including proposed, issued or implemented legislation and rulemakings that would require companies to assess and/or disclose climate and other esg metrics, risks, opportunities, policies and practices. for example, in march 2022, the sec proposed climate-related disclosure requirements and in october 2023, three climate disclosure bills were signed in california. the potential impact to us of these legislative and regulatory developments is uncertain at this time, although we expect that the emerging legal and regulatory requirements on esg issues will result in additional compliance and reporting costs to us.
we continue to monitor and assess the potential impact of these legislative and regulatory developments.
results of operations the discussion below provides a summary of our results of operations and information about our loan receivables as of and for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. refer to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, for discussion of our results of operations and loan receivables information as of and for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the year ended december 31, 2021.
segments we manage our business activities in two segments, digital banking and payment services, based on the products and services provided. for a detailed description of the operations of each segment, as well as the allocation conventions used in our business segment reporting, see note 22: segment disclosures to our consolidated financial statements.
-57-
the following table presents segment data (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                     2022                                2021
(as restated)                       (as restated)                       (as restated)
digital banking interest income credit card loans                          $14,438                             $10,632                              $8,717
private student loans                        1,033                                 831                                 742
personal loans                               1,156                                 872                                 878
other loans                                    326                                 167                                 114
other interest income                          892                                 362                                 200
total interest income                       17,845                              12,864                              10,651
interest expense                             4,746                               1,865                               1,134
net interest income                         13,099                              10,999                               9,517
provision for credit losses                  6,018                               2,359                                 218
other income                                 2,245                               2,041                               1,701
other expense                                5,945                               5,049                               4,549
income before income taxes                   3,381                               5,632                               6,451
payment services other income                                   450                                 176                                 789
other expense                                  194                                 167                                 256
income before income taxes                     256                                   9                                 533
total income before income taxes            $3,637                              $5,641                              $6,984
the following table presents information on transaction volume (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                          2022                              2021
network transaction volume pulse network                                      $285,616                          $253,072                          $247,913
network partners                                     39,671                            44,542                            40,707
diners club(1)                                       39,299                            33,505                            25,937
total payment services                              364,586                           331,119                           314,557
discover network - proprietary(2)                   224,572                           218,738                           188,960
total network transaction volume                   $589,158                          $549,857                          $503,517
transactions processed on networks discover network                                      3,728                             3,617                             3,259
pulse network                                         7,705                             6,200                             5,632
total transaction processed on networks              11,433                             9,817                             8,891
credit card volume discover card volume(3)                            $232,785                          $224,477                          $192,755
discover card sales volume(4)                      $217,914                          $210,645                          $182,125
(1)diners club volume is derived from data provided by licensees for diners club branded cards issued outside north america and is subject to subsequent revision or amendment.
(2)represents gross discover card sales volume on the discover network.
(3)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity.
(4)represents discover card activity related to sales net of returns.
-58-
digital banking for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022
as restated, our digital banking segment reported pretax income of $3.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to $5.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily driven by a higher yield on loans and a higher average level of loan receivables, partially offset by higher funding costs. interest income increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher market rates and a higher average level of loan receivables. interest expense increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher funding costs driven by higher market rates and a larger funding base.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, the provision for credit losses increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily driven by loan growth, increasing delinquencies, and macroeconomic variables impacting household cash flows. for a detailed discussion on provision for credit losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for credit losses."
total other income for the digital banking segment increased for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in loan fee income and net discount and interchange revenue. loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume.
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in employee compensation and benefits, other expense, professional fees and marketing and business development. the increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven primarily by higher headcount. other expense increased primarily from increases in reserves for remediation related to the card product misclassification and customer remediation in our student loan and personal loan businesses. professional fees increased primarily due to increased consulting supporting compliance and risk management initiatives. the marketing and business development increase was due primarily from growth investments in consumer banking products.
discover card sales volume was $217.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, which was an increase of 3.5% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. this volume growth was primarily driven by higher consumer spending across most spending categories.
for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021
as restated, our digital banking segment reported pretax income of $5.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to $6.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by a higher average level of receivables and higher yield on loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. interest income increased compared to the prior year primarily due to a higher average level of loan receivables and higher market rates. interest expense increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher funding costs driven by higher market rates and a larger funding base.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, the provision for credit losses increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by continued loan growth.
total other income for the digital banking segment increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in loan fee income and net discount and interchange revenue. loan fee income increased primarily due to higher volume of late payments. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume.
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in marketing and business development, employee compensation and benefits and professional fees. the increase in marketing and business development was driven by growth investments in card and consumer banking. employee compensation and benefits increased primarily from higher headcount. the increase in professional fees was due primarily to investments in technology and increased consulting costs.
-59-
discover card sales volume was $210.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was an increase of 15.7% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. this volume growth was primarily driven by higher consumer spending across all spending categories.
payment services for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022
our payment services segment reported pretax income of $256 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to pretax income of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in segment pretax income was primarily due to smaller losses on equity investments as a result of smaller mark-to-market adjustments for equity investments measured at fair value.
for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021
our payment services segment reported pretax income of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to pretax income of $533 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decrease in segment pretax income was primarily due to net losses on equity investments as a result of a decrease in the fair value of those investments.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"), management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. for estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. for estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for credit losses as a critical accounting estimate.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses was $9.3 billion at december 31, 2023, which reflects a $1.9 billion build from the amount of the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2022. the allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost. changes in the allowance for credit losses, and in the related provision for credit losses, can materially affect net income.
in estimating the expected credit losses, we use a combination of statistical models and qualitative analysis. there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to estimate the allowance for credit losses. for more information on these judgments and our accounting policies and methodologies used to determine the allowance for credit losses, see "- loan quality," note 4: loan receivables and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements.
one of the key assumptions requiring significant judgment in estimating the current expected credit losses ("cecl") on a quarterly basis is the determination of the macroeconomic forecasts used in the loss forecast models. for the reasonable and supportable loss forecast period, we consider forecasts of multiple economic scenarios that generally include a base scenario with one or more optimistic (upside) or pessimistic (downside) scenarios. these scenarios comprise a variety of macroeconomic variables, including annualized gross domestic product growth and unemployment rate. the scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the amount of weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends. assumptions about the macroeconomic environment are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual changes in the allowance for credit losses may be different from the simulated scenario presented below.
-60-
to demonstrate the sensitivity of the estimated credit losses to the macroeconomic scenarios, we measured the impact of altering the weighting of macroeconomic scenarios used in our loss forecast. our allowance for credit losses would increase by approximately $660 million at december 31, 2023 if we applied 100% weight to the most adverse scenario in our sensitivity analysis to reflect continued inflationary pressures, including unsustainably low unemployment and the influence of geopolitical events, as well as high interest rates.
the sensitivity disclosed above is hypothetical. it is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input, such as the weighting of macroeconomic forecasts, might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because we consider a variety of factors and inputs in estimating the allowance for credit losses. the macroeconomic scenarios used are constructed with interrelated projections of multiple economic variables, and loss estimates are produced that consider the historical correlation of those economic variables with credit losses. the inputs in the macroeconomic scenarios may not change at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor or input may offset deterioration in others. as a result, the sensitivity analysis above does not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the allowance for credit losses. it is intended to provide insights into the impact of different judgments about the economy on our modeled loss estimates for the loan portfolio and does not imply any expectation of future losses. furthermore, the hypothetical increase in our allowance for credit losses for loans does not incorporate the impact of management judgment for qualitative factors applied in the current allowance for credit losses, which may have a positive or negative effect on our actual financial condition and results of operations.
the overall economic environment directly impacts the macroeconomic variables that are used in the loss forecast models. if management used different assumptions about the economic environment in estimating expected credit losses, the impact to the allowance for credit losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if we experience significant instability in the economic environment, the uncertainty around the credit loss forecasts may increase, both due to the uncertainty of the economic forecasts and the challenges our models may have in incorporating them.
earnings summary the following table outlines changes in our consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                             2023 vs. 2022                                             2022 vs. 2021
increase (decrease)                                       increase (decrease)
2023                                                                                                          2022                                2021                                          $              %                                          $              %
(as restated)                       (as restated)                       (as restated)
interest income                                                 $17,845                             $12,864                             $10,651                        $4,981                            39    %                 $2,213                            21    %
interest expense                                                  4,746                               1,865                               1,134                         2,881                           154    %                    731                            64    %
net interest income                                              13,099                              10,999                               9,517                         2,100                            19    %                  1,482                            16    %
provision for credit losses                                       6,018                               2,359                                 218                         3,659                           155    %                  2,141                           982    %
net interest income after provision for credit losses             7,081                               8,640                               9,299                       (1,559)                          (18)    %                  (659)                           (7)    %
other income                                                      2,695                               2,217                               2,490                           478                            22    %                  (273)                          (11)    %
other expense                                                     6,139                               5,216                               4,805                           923                            18    %                    411                             9    %
income before income taxes                                        3,637                               5,641                               6,984                       (2,004)                          (36)    %                (1,343)                          (19)    %
income tax expense                                                  841                               1,325                               1,596                         (484)                          (37)    %                  (271)                          (17)    %
net income                                                       $2,796                              $4,316                              $5,388                      $(1,520)                          (35)    %               $(1,072)                          (20)    %
net income allocated to common stockholders                      $2,715                              $4,228                              $5,289                      $(1,513)                          (36)    %               $(1,061)                          (20)    %
-61-
net interest income the tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. we analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-earning assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). we also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income.
our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents primarily related to amounts on deposit with the federal reserve bank of philadelphia, (ii) restricted cash, (iii) other short-term investments, (iv) investment securities and (v) loan receivables. our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered, and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. the following factors influence net interest income:
•the level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates;
•the credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income;
•the terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate;
•the interest rates necessary to attract and maintain direct-to-consumer deposits;
•the level and composition of other interest-earning assets, including our liquidity portfolio, and interest-bearing liabilities;
•changes in the interest rate environment, including the levels of interest rates and the relationships among interest rate indices, such as the prime rate, the federal funds rate, the interest rate on reserve balances, libor and sofr; and
•the effectiveness of interest rate swaps in our interest rate risk management program.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily driven by a higher yield on loans and a higher average level of loan receivables, partially offset by higher funding costs. interest income increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher market rates and a higher average level of loan receivables. interest expense increased compared to the prior year primarily due to higher funding costs driven by higher market rates and a larger funding base.
-62-
average balance sheet analysis
(dollars in millions)
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2022                                                                                2021
average balance                    yield/rate                  interest                  average balance                    yield/rate                  interest                     average                    yield/rate                  interest balance assets interest-earning assets cash and cash equivalents                                       $8,192                            5.17     %                 $423                        $9,279                            1.89     %                 $175                     $14,236                         0.13     %                  $18
restricted cash                                                    250                            7.80     %                   20                           515                            1.48     %                    8                         695                         0.03     %                        nm other short-term investments                                         -                               -                          -                             -                               -                          -                         176                         0.12     %                        nm investment securities                                           12,938                            3.47     %                  449                         6,988                            2.57     %                  179                       8,713                         2.09     %                  182
loan receivables(1)
credit card loans(2)(3)                                         94,205                           15.33     %               14,438                        79,243                           13.42     %               10,632                      69,365                        12.57     %                8,717
private student loans                                           10,382                            9.95     %                1,033                        10,240                            8.11     %                  831                      10,057                         7.38     %                  742
personal loans                                                   9,011                           12.83     %                1,156                         7,295                           11.95     %                  872                       6,945                        12.64     %                  878
other                                                            4,713                            6.92     %                  326                         2,895                            5.77     %                  167                       2,054                         5.57     %                  114
total loan receivables                                         118,311                           14.33     %               16,953                        99,673                           12.54     %               12,502                      88,421                        11.82     %               10,451
total interest-earning assets                                  139,691                           12.77     %               17,845                       116,455                           11.05     %               12,864                     112,241                         9.49     %               10,651
allowance for credit losses                                    (7,936)                                                                                  (6,820)                                                                                (7,351)
other assets(4)                                                  6,938                                                                                    6,070                                                                                  6,237
total assets(5)                                               $138,693                                                                                 $115,705                                                                               $111,127
liabilities and stockholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                                  $38,220                            3.89     %               $1,485                       $23,988                            2.02     %                 $484                     $23,928                         1.84     %                 $440
money market deposits                                            8,143                            4.16     %                  339                         8,453                            1.67     %                  141                       8,142                         0.53     %                   43
other interest-bearing savings deposits                         51,366                            4.01     %                2,062                        44,276                            1.43     %                  632                      40,912                         0.43     %                  178
total interest-bearing deposits                                 97,729                            3.98     %                3,886                        76,717                            1.64     %                1,257                      72,982                         0.91     %                  661
borrowings short-term borrowings                                               44                           10.21     %                    5                           225                            0.70     %                    2                          72                         0.18     %                        nm securitized borrowings(6)(7)(8)                                 10,528                            4.30     %                  453                         9,060                            2.41     %                  219                       9,627                         1.06     %                  102
other long-term borrowings(7)(8)(9)                              9,090                            4.43     %                  402                         9,334                            4.15     %                  387                       9,888                         3.75     %                  371
total borrowings                                                19,662                            4.37     %                  860                        18,619                            3.26     %                  608                      19,587                         2.42     %                  473
total interest-bearing liabilities                             117,391                            4.04     %                4,746                        95,336                            1.96     %                1,865                      92,569                         1.23     %                1,134
other liabilities and stockholders' equity(4)(10)               21,302                                                                                   20,369                                                                                 18,558
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                    $138,693                                                                                 $115,705                                                                               $111,127
net interest income                                                                                                       $13,099                                                                                  $10,999                                                                              $9,517
net interest margin(11)                                                                          11.07     %                                                                              11.04     %                                                                         10.76     %
net yield on interest-earning assets(12)                                                          9.38     %                                                                               9.45     %                                                                          8.48     %
interest rate spread(13)                                                                          8.73     %                                                                               9.09     %                                                                          8.26     %
(1)average balances of loan receivables and yield calculations include non-accruing loans. if the non-accruing loan balances were excluded, there would not be a material impact on the amounts reported above.
(2)interest income on credit card loans includes $468 million, $365 million and $295 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(3)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate assets to fixed-rate assets for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
(4)the restatement impacts pertaining to the card product misclassification were immaterial to the average balance sheet for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. therefore, the average balance sheets for these periods have not been adjusted for those immaterial impacts.
(5)the return on average assets, based on net income, was 2.02%, 3.73% and 4.85% for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(6)includes the impact of one terminated derivative formerly designated as a cash flow hedge for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
(7)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of fixed-rate funding to floating-rate funding for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
(8)includes the impact of terminated derivatives formerly designated as fair value hedges for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
(9)includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of floating-rate funding to fixed-rate funding for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
(10)the return on average stockholders' equity, based on net income, was 20%, 32% and 45% for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(11)net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables.
(12)net yield on interest-earning assets represents net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets.
(13)interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
-63-
rate/volume variance analysis1)
(dollars in millions)
year ended december 31, 2023 vs.                                                        year ended december 31, 2022 vs.
year ended december 31, 2022                                                            year ended december 31, 2021
volume                          rate                           total                    volume                          rate                           total increase/(decrease) in net interest income due to changes in:
interest-earning assets cash and cash equivalents                                                $(23)                          $271                            $248                      $(9)                          $166                            $157
restricted cash                                                            (6)                            18                              12                         -                             8                               8
investment securities                                                      191                            79                             270                      (40)                            37                             (3)
loan receivables credit card loans                                                        2,170                         1,636                           3,806                     1,299                           616                           1,915
private student loans                                                       11                           191                             202                        14                            75                              89
personal loans                                                             216                            68                             284                        43                          (49)                             (6)
other                                                                      121                            38                             159                        48                             5                              53
total loan receivables                                                   2,518                         1,933                           4,451                     1,404                           647                           2,051
total interest income                                                    2,680                         2,301                           4,981                     1,355                           858                           2,213
interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                                              391                           610                           1,001                         1                            43                              44
money market deposits                                                      (5)                           203                             198                         2                            96                              98
other interest-bearing savings deposits                                    116                         1,314                           1,430                        15                           439                             454
total interest-bearing deposits                                            502                         2,127                           2,629                        18                           578                             596
borrowings short-term borrowings                                                      (2)                             5                               3                         1                             1                               2
securitized borrowings                                                      40                           194                             234                       (6)                           123                             117
other long-term borrowings                                                (10)                            25                              15                      (22)                            38                              16
total borrowings                                                            28                           224                             252                      (27)                           162                             135
total interest expense                                                     530                         2,351                           2,881                       (9)                           740                             731
net interest income                                                     $2,150                         $(50)                          $2,100                    $1,364                          $118                          $1,482
(1)    the rate/volume variance for each category has been allocated on a consistent basis between rate and volume variances between the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 based on the percentage of the rate or volume variance to the sum of the two absolute variances.
-64-
loan quality loan receivables consist of the following (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2023                                                                         2022
credit card loans                      $102,259                       $90,113
other loans private student loans                    10,352                        10,308
personal loans                            9,852                         7,998
other loans                               5,946                         3,701
total other loans                        26,150                        22,007
total loan receivables                  128,409                       112,120
allowance for credit losses             (9,283)                       (7,374)
net loan receivables                   $119,126                      $104,746
provision and allowance for credit losses provision for credit losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for credit losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimate of credit losses anticipated over the remaining expected life of loan receivables at each period end date. in deriving the estimate of expected credit losses, we consider the collectability of principal, interest and fees associated with our loan receivables. we also consider expected recoveries of amounts that were either previously charged-off or are expected to be charged-off. establishing the estimate for expected credit losses requires significant management judgment. the factors that influence the provision for credit losses include:
•increases or decreases in outstanding loan balances, including:
•changes in consumer spending, payment and credit utilization behaviors;
•the level of new account and loan originations and loan maturities; and
•changes in the overall mix of accounts and products within the portfolio;
•the credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects our credit granting practices and the effectiveness of collection efforts, among other factors;
•the impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including national and regional conditions, unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements;
•the level and direction of historical losses; and
•regulatory changes or new regulatory guidance.
refer to "- critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" and note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements for more details on how we estimate the allowance for credit losses.
-65-
the following tables provide changes in our allowance for credit losses (dollars in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2023
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2022                                    $5,883                                $839                              $595                            $57                        $7,374
cumulative effect of asu no. 2022-02 adoption(1)                  (66)                                   -                               (2)                              -                          (68)
balance at january 1, 2023                                       5,817                                 839                               593                             57                         7,306
additions provision for credit losses(2)                                   5,476                                 152                               363                             28                         6,019
deductions charge-offs                                                    (4,481)                               (155)                             (290)                            (1)                       (4,927)
recoveries                                                         807                                  22                                56                              -                           885
net charge-offs                                                (3,674)                               (133)                             (234)                            (1)                       (4,042)
balance at december 31, 2023                                    $7,619                                $858                              $722                            $84                        $9,283
for the year ended december 31, 2022
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2021                                    $5,273                                $843                              $662                            $44                        $6,822
additions provision for credit losses(2)                                   2,233                                  99                                24                             13                         2,369
deductions charge-offs                                                    (2,417)                               (126)                             (159)                              -                       (2,702)
recoveries                                                         794                                  23                                68                              -                           885
net charge-offs                                                (1,623)                               (103)                              (91)                              -                       (1,817)
balance at december 31, 2022                                    $5,883                                $839                              $595                            $57                        $7,374
for the year ended december 31, 2021
credit card loans                     private student                   personal loans                   other loans                   total loans loans balance at december 31, 2020                                    $6,491                                $840                              $857                            $38                        $8,226
additions provision for credit losses(2)                                     229                                  67                              (75)                              6                           227
deductions charge-offs                                                    (2,255)                                (89)                             (190)                              -                       (2,534)
recoveries                                                         808                                  25                                70                              -                           903
net charge-offs                                                (1,447)                                (64)                             (120)                              -                       (1,631)
balance at december 31, 2021                                    $5,273                                $843                              $662                            $44                        $6,822
(1)represents the adjustment to the allowance for credit losses as a result of the adoption of accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2022-02 on january 1, 2023.
(2)excludes a $1 million, $10 million and $9 million adjustment to the liability for expected credit losses on unfunded commitments for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as the liability is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition.
-66-
the allowance for credit losses was approximately $9.3 billion at december 31, 2023, which reflects a $1.9 billion build from the amount of the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2022. the build in the allowance for credit losses between december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, was primarily driven by loan growth, increasing delinquencies, and macroeconomic variables impacting household cash flows.
the allowance estimation process begins with a loss forecast that uses certain macroeconomic variables and multiple macroeconomic scenarios among its inputs. in estimating the allowance at december 31, 2023, we used a macroeconomic forecast that projected the following weighted average amounts: (i) unemployment rate ending 2024 at 4.17% and, within our reasonable and supportable period, peaking at 4.26% in the second quarter of 2025 and (ii) 1.36% growth rate in real gross domestic product in 2024.
in estimating expected credit losses, we considered the uncertainties associated with borrower behavior and payment trends, as well as recent and expected macroeconomic conditions, such as high consumer price inflation and the fiscal and monetary policy responses to that inflation. the federal reserve raised its federal funds rate target range substantially during 2022 and the first three quarters of 2023 in an effort to slow economic growth and reduce inflation. although real gdp growth and labor market conditions have exceeded most economists' expectations this year, restrictive monetary policy, as manifested in relatively high interest rates, typically precedes weaker consumer credit conditions caused by rising unemployment as economic growth slows. credit performance in our lending portfolios has evolved in line with our expectations this year, but may weaken if the economy fails to avert a recession in response to tighter credit conditions or other factors. we assessed the prospects for various macroeconomic outcomes in setting our allowance for credit losses.
the forecast period we deemed to be reasonable and supportable was 18 months for all periods presented. the 18-months reasonable and supportable forecast period was deemed appropriate given the current economic conditions. for all periods presented, we determined that a reversion period of 12 months was appropriate for the same reason. we applied a weighted reversion method to provide a more reasonable transition to historical losses for all loan products for all periods presented.
the provision for credit losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for credit losses at the balance sheet date. for the year ended december 31, 2023, the provision for credit losses increased by $3.7 billion, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. the reserve build during the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by loan growth, increasing delinquencies, and macroeconomic variables impacting household cash flows.
net charge-offs our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for credit losses, while fraud losses are recorded in other expense.
the following table presents amounts and rates of net charge-offs of key loan products (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                2022                                       2021
$         %                                $         %                                $         %
credit card loans                $3,674              3.90   %               $1,623              2.05   %               $1,447              2.09   %
private student loans              $133              1.29   %                 $103              1.00   %                  $64              0.63   %
personal loans                     $234              2.60   %                  $91              1.25   %                 $120              1.73   %
the net charge-offs and net charge-off rate for credit card loans, private student loans and personal loans increased for the year ended december 31, 2023, when compared to the same periods in 2022, primarily due to portfolio seasoning.
-67-
delinquencies delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. a loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due.
the following table presents the amounts and delinquency rates of key loan products that are 30 and 90 days or more delinquent, and loan receivables that are not accruing interest regardless of delinquency (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2023                                                                                                         2022
$         %                                $         %
loans 30 or more days delinquent credit card loans                         $3,955              3.87   %               $2,278              2.53   %
private student loans                       $271              2.62   %                 $212              2.05   %
personal loans                              $143              1.45   %                  $63              0.80   %
total loan receivables                    $4,427              3.45   %               $2,578              2.30   %
loans 90 or more days delinquent credit card loans                         $1,917              1.87   %               $1,028              1.14   %
private student loans                        $70              0.67   %                  $45              0.43   %
personal loans                               $39              0.40   %                  $16              0.21   %
total loan receivables                    $2,045              1.59   %               $1,101              0.98   %
loans not accruing interest                 $269              0.21   %                 $214              0.19   %
the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for credit card loans, private student loans, and personal loans at december 31, 2023, increased compared to december 31, 2022, primarily driven by portfolio seasoning.
modified and restructured loans for information regarding modified and restructured loans, see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
maturities and sensitivities of loan receivables to changes in interest rates our loan portfolio had the following maturity distribution(1) (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2023                 due one                  due after                                       due after       due after fifteen years             total year or                   one year                five years through fifteen years less                    through five years credit card loans               $32,250                   $54,628                                  $15,032                             $349                $102,259
private student loans               364                     2,083                                    6,296                            1,609                  10,352
personal loans                    2,653                     6,653                                      546                                -                   9,852
other loans                         161                       724                                    2,102                            2,959                   5,946
total loan portfolio            $35,428                   $64,088                                  $23,976                           $4,917                $128,409
(1)    because of the uncertainty regarding loan repayment patterns, the above amounts have been calculated using contractually required minimum payments. historically, actual loan repayments have been higher than such minimum payments and, therefore, the above amounts may not necessarily be indicative of our actual loan repayments.
at december 31, 2023, approximately $55.9 billion of our loan portfolio due after one year had interest rates tied to an index and approximately $37.0 billion were fixed-rate loans.
-68-
other income the following table presents the components of other income (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                    2023 vs. 2022                                           2022 vs. 2021
increase                                     increase (decrease)
2023                                                                         2022                                2021                                           $           %                                       $              %
(as restated)                       (as restated)                       (as restated)
discount and interchange revenue, net(1)             $1,381                              $1,303                              $1,144                       $78                         6   %                 $159                            14    %
protection products revenue                             172                                 172                                 165                         -                         -   %                    7                             4    %
loan fee income                                         763                                 632                                 464                       131                        21   %                  168                            36    %
transaction processing revenue                          303                                 249                                 227                        54                        22   %                   22                            10    %
(losses) gains on equity investments                    (9)                               (214)                                 424                       205                      (96)   %                (638)                         (150)    %
other income                                             85                                  75                                  66                        10                        13   %                    9                            14    %
total other income                                   $2,695                              $2,217                              $2,490                      $478                        22   %               $(273)                          (11)    %
(1)net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $3.1 billion, $3.0 billion and $2.5 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
total other income increased for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to smaller losses on equity investments and increases in loan fee income and net discount and interchange revenue. the smaller losses on equity investments were the result of smaller mark-to-market adjustments for equity investments measured at fair value. loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume.
total other income decreased for year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to net losses on equity investments partially offset by increases in loan fee income and net discount and interchange revenue. the net loss on equity investments was a result of a decrease in the fair value of those investments. loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume.
other expense the following table represents the components of other expense (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,                                         2023 vs. 2022                                         2022 vs. 2021
increase (decrease)                                   increase (decrease)
2023                                                                                          2022                            2021                                      $              %                                      $              %
(as restated)
employee compensation and benefits                   $2,434                            $2,139                          $1,986                    $295                            14    %               $153                             8    %
marketing and business development                    1,164                             1,035                             810                     129                            12    %                225                            28    %
information processing and communications               608                               513                             500                      95                            19    %                 13                             3    %
professional fees                                     1,041                               871                             797                     170                            20    %                 74                             9    %
premises and equipment                                   89                               118                              92                    (29)                          (25)    %                 26                            28    %
other expense                                           803                               540                             620                     263                            49    %               (80)                          (13)    %
total other expense                                  $6,139                            $5,216                          $4,805                    $923                            18    %               $411                             9    %
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to increases in employee compensation and benefits, other expense, professional fees and marketing and business development. the increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven primarily by higher headcount. other expense increased primarily from increases in reserves for remediation related to the card product misclassification and customer remediation in our student loan and personal loan businesses. professional fees increased primarily due to increased consulting supporting compliance and risk management initiatives. the marketing and business development increase was due primarily from growth investments in consumer banking products.
-69-
income tax expense the following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate (dollars in millions):
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                        2022                                2021
(as restated)                       (as restated)                       (as restated)
u.s. federal statutory income tax rate                                                           21.0      %                         21.0      %                         21.0      %
u.s. state, local and other income taxes, net of u.s. federal income tax benefits                 3.5                                 3.4                                 3.2
tax credits                                                                                     (2.1)                               (1.3)                               (1.2)
other                                                                                             0.7                                 0.4                               (0.1)
effective income tax rate                                                                        23.1      %                         23.5      %                         22.9      %
income tax expense                                                                               $841                              $1,325                              $1,596
quarterly discussion & analysis the following discussion should be read in conjunction with note 28: restated information for prior period quarterly financial statements (unaudited) to our consolidated financial statements.
comparison of the three months ended march 31, 2023 and 2022
the following table presents the components of other income (dollars in millions):
for the three months ended march 31,                                                                             2023 vs. 2022
increase (decrease)
2023                                2022                              $             %
(as restated)                       (as restated)
discount and interchange revenue, net(1)                                                                                       $314                                $290                       $24                     8   %
protection products revenue                                                                                                      43                                  44                       (1)                   (2)   %
loan fee income                                                                                                                 166                                 140                        26                    19   %
transaction processing revenue                                                                                                   67                                  57                        10                    18   %
losses on equity investments                                                                                                   (18)                               (162)                       144                  (89)   %
other income                                                                                                                     22                                  24                       (2)                   (8)   %
total other income                                                                                                             $594                                $393                      $201                    51   %
(1)net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $716 million and $635 million for the three months ended march 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
total other income increased for the three months ended march 31, 2023, as compared to the three months ended march 31, 2022, primarily due to smaller losses on equity investments and increases in loan fee income and net discount and interchange revenue. the smaller losses on equity investments were the result of smaller mark-to-market adjustments for equity investments measured at fair value. loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments. the increase in discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume.
-70-
comparison of three and six months ended june 30, 2023 and 2022
the following table presents the components of other income (dollars in millions):
for the three months ended june 30,                                          2023 vs 2022                              for the six months ended june 30,                                    2023 vs. 2022
(decrease) increase                                                                                                        increase
2023                                                                                           2022                                      $              %                       2023                                2022                                  $             %
(as restated)                                                                                                        (as restated)
discount and interchange revenue, net(1)             $353                                $360                     $(7)                           (2)    %                 $667                                $650                      $17                         3   %
protection products revenue                            44                                  42                        2                             5    %                   87                                  86                        1                         1   %
loan fee income                                       186                                 142                       44                            31    %                  352                                 282                       70                        25   %
transaction processing revenue                         72                                  61                       11                            18    %                  139                                 118                       21                        18   %
gains (losses) on equity investments                    1                                (42)                       43                         (102)    %                 (17)                               (204)                      187                      (92)   %
other income                                           28                                  21                        7                            33    %                   50                                  45                        5                        11   %
total other income                                   $684                                $584                     $100                            17    %               $1,278                                $977                     $301                        31   %
(1)net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $788 million and $743 million for the three months ended june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion for the six months ended june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
total other income increased for the three and six months ended june 30, 2023, as compared to the same periods in 2022, primarily due to the losses on equity investments in the prior periods and an increase in loan fee income. the losses on equity investments in the prior periods were the result of larger mark-to-market adjustments for equity investments measured at fair value. loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments.
comparison of three and nine months ended september 30, 2023 and 2022
the following table presents the components of other income (dollars in millions):
for the three months ended september 30,                                   2023 vs 2022                                 for the nine months ended september 30,                                    2023 vs. 2022
increase                                                                                                                 increase
2023                                                                                                    2022                                $             %                          2023                                      2022                                  $             %
(as restated)                                                                                                          (as restated)
discount and interchange revenue, net(1)               $360                                      $316                     $44                        14   %                 $1,027                                      $966                       $61                         6   %
protection products revenue                              42                                        42                       -                         -   %                    129                                       128                         1                         1   %
loan fee income                                         194                                       168                      26                        15   %                    546                                       450                        96                        21   %
transaction processing revenue                           82                                        65                      17                        26   %                    221                                       183                        38                        21   %
gains (losses) on equity investments                      6                                       (4)                      10                     (250)   %                   (11)                                     (208)                       197                      (95)   %
other income                                             21                                        19                       2                        11   %                     71                                        64                         7                        11   %
total other income                                     $705                                      $606                     $99                        16   %                 $1,983                                    $1,583                      $400                        25   %
(1)net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $787 million and $811 million for the three months ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and $2.3 billion and $2.2 billion for the nine months ended september 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
total other income increased for the three months ended september 30, 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to increases in net discount and interchange revenue and loan fee income. the increase in net discount and interchange revenue was primarily driven by lower rewards due to lower promotional rewards. loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments.
total other income increased for the nine months ended september 30, 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to smaller losses on equity investments and increases in loan fee income and net discount and interchange revenue. the smaller losses on equity investments were the result of smaller mark-to-market adjustments for equity investments measured at fair value. loan fee income increased primarily due to a higher volume of late payments. the increase in net discount and interchange revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards, both of which were driven by higher sales volume.
-71-
the following table represents the components of other expense (dollars in millions):
for the three months ended september 30,                                   2023 vs 2022                                 for the nine months ended september 30,                                  2023 vs. 2022
increase                                                                                                               increase
2023                                                                                                    2022                                  $           %                          2023                                      2022                                  $           %
(as restated)                                                                                                          (as restated)
employee compensation and benefits                     $575                                      $551                       $24                       4   %                 $1,788                                    $1,566                      $222                      14   %
marketing and business development                      283                                       276                         7                       3   %                    792                                       722                        70                      10   %
information processing and communications               149                                       124                        25                      20   %                    438                                       370                        68                      18   %
professional fees                                       281                                       241                        40                      17   %                    729                                       607                       122                      20   %
premises and equipment                                   22                                        22                         -                       -   %                     64                                        70                       (6)                     (9)   %
other expense                                           254                                       154                       100                      65   %                    540                                       386                       154                      40   %
total other expense                                  $1,564                                    $1,368                      $196                      14   %                 $4,351                                    $3,721                      $630                      17   %
total other expense increased for the three months ended september 30, 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to increases in other expense, professional fees, information processing and communications and employee compensation and benefits. the increase in other expense was driven primarily from an increase in the reserve for remediation related to the card product misclassification. professional fees increased primarily due to increased consulting supporting consumer compliance initiatives. the increase in information processing and communications was driven primarily from investments in technology. the increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven primarily by higher headcount.
total other expense increased for the nine months ended september 30, 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to increases in employee compensation and benefits, other expense, professional fees, marketing and business development and information processing and communications. the increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven primarily by higher headcount. the increase in other expense was driven primarily from an increase in the reserve for remediation related to the card product misclassification. professional fees increased primarily due to increased consulting supporting consumer compliance initiatives. the marketing and business development increase was due primarily from growth investments in consumer banking products. the increase in information processing and communications was driven primarily from software write-downs and investments in technology.
liquidity and capital resources funding and liquidity we seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. in managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingency liquidity sources. our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. our primary liquidity sources include a portfolio composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, as well as secured borrowing capacity through private term asset-backed securitizations and federal home loan bank ("fhlb") advances. in addition, we have unused borrowing capacity at the federal reserve discount window, which provides another source of contingency liquidity.
funding sources deposits we obtain deposits from consumers directly or through affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits"). additionally, we obtain deposits through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers ("brokered deposits"). direct-to-consumer deposit products include savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money market accounts, ira savings accounts, ira certificates of deposit and checking accounts. we gather these deposits from retail customers of our bank, many of whom have more than one discover product. these deposits originate from a large and diverse customer base, and therefore, the majority of these deposit account balances are insured according to the fdic's insurance limits. our cost of insuring these deposits in the fourth quarter reflects the fdic special assessment, which was immaterial for the year ended december 31, 2023, to cover the cost of losses to the deposit insurance fund incurred after the failure of two domestic banks in march 2023. brokered deposit products include
-72-
certificates of deposit and sweep accounts. in accordance with fdic guidance, we do not categorize certain retail deposit products such as affinity deposits and deposits generated through certain sweep deposit relationships as brokered for regulatory reporting purposes. at december 31, 2023, we had $84.0 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and $24.9 billion of brokered deposits, of which there are $89.2 billion of deposit balances due in less than one year and $19.7 billion of deposit balances due in one year or thereafter.
credit card securitization financing we securitize credit card receivables as a source of funding. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the discover card master trust i ("dcmt") and the discover card execution note trust ("dcent"). in connection with our securitization transactions, credit card receivables are transferred to dcmt. dcmt has issued a certificate representing the beneficial interest in its credit card receivables to dcent. we issue dcent discoverseries notes in public and private transactions, which are collateralized by the beneficial interest certificate held by dcent. from time to time, we may add credit card receivables to dcmt to create sufficient funding capacity for future securitizations while managing seller's interest. during 2023, we added $4.5 billion of credit card loan receivables to the securitization trust, which increased seller's interest. as of december 31, 2023, there were $30.4 billion of credit card receivables in the trust. we retain significant exposure to the performance of the securitized credit card receivables through holding the seller's interest and subordinated classes of dcent discoverseries notes. at december 31, 2023, we had $11.7 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and $3.1 billion of outstanding subordinated asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
the securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. the primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. we refer to this as "economic early amortization," which is based on excess spread levels. excess spread is the amount by which income received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables during a collection period including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of dcent during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. in the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0% on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay all outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received with respect to the securitized credit card receivables. for the three months ended december 31, 2023, the discoverseries three-month rolling average excess spread was 14.75%. the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received.
through our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, discover funding llc, we are required to maintain an interest in a contractual minimum level of receivables in dcmt in excess of the face value of outstanding investors' interests. this minimum interest is referred to as the minimum seller's interest. the required minimum seller's interest in the pool of trust receivables is approximately 7% in excess of the total investors' interests, which includes interests held by third parties as well as those interests held by us. if the level of receivables in dcmt were to fall below the required minimum, we would be required to add receivables from the unrestricted pool of receivables, which would increase the amount of credit card receivables restricted for securitization investors. a decline in the amount of the excess seller's interest could occur if balance repayments and charge-offs exceeded new lending on the securitized accounts or as a result of changes in total outstanding investors' interests. seller's interest exhibits seasonality as higher receivable balance repayments tend to occur in the first calendar year quarter. if we could not add enough receivables to satisfy the minimum seller's interest requirement, an early amortization (or repayment) of investors' interests would be triggered.
an early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. we have several strategies we can deploy to prevent an early amortization event. for instance, we could add receivables to dcmt, which would reduce our available borrowing capacity at the federal reserve discount window. alternatively, we could employ structured discounting, which was used effectively in 2009 to bolster excess spread and mitigate early amortization risk.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations, excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2023                                                                      total           less than         one year and thereafter one year scheduled maturities of borrowings - owed to credit card securitization investors         $11,678         $3,225            $8,453
-73-
the "aaa(sf)" and "aaa(sf)" ratings of the dcent discoverseries class a notes issued to date have been based, in part, on an fdic rule, which created a safe harbor that provides that the fdic, as conservator or receiver, will not use its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize assets transferred in connection with a securitization as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous gaap. although the implementation of financial accounting standards board accounting standards codification topic 860, transfers and servicing, no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the fdic approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including dcmt, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original fdic safe harbor if evaluated under gaap pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to december 2009. however, other legislative and regulatory developments may impact our ability or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future.
federal home loan bank advances discover bank is a member bank of the fhlb of chicago, one of 11 fhlbs that, along with the office of finance, compose the fhlb system. the fhlbs are government-sponsored enterprises of the u.s. ("u.s. gses") chartered to improve the availability of funds to support home ownership. as such, senior debt obligations of the fhlbs feature the same credit ratings as u.s. treasury securities and are considered high-quality liquid assets for bank regulatory purposes. consequently, the fhlbs benefit from consistent capital market access during nearly all macroeconomic and financial market conditions and low funding costs, which they pass on to their member banks when they borrow advances. thus, we consider fhlb advances a stable and reliable funding source for discover bank for short-term contingency liquidity and long-term asset-liability management.
as a member of the fhlb of chicago, discover bank has access to short- and long-term advance structures with maturities ranging from overnight to 30 years. as of december 31, 2023, we had total committed borrowing capacity of $3.6 billion based on the amount and type of assets pledged, of which $1.0 billion of long-term advances were outstanding with the fhlb of chicago. under certain stressed conditions, we could pledge our liquidity portfolio securities and borrow against them at a modest reduction to their value.
other long-term borrowings - corporate and bank debt the following table provides a summary of discover financial services (parent company) and discover bank outstanding fixed-rate debt (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2023                                                                                       principal amount outstanding discover financial services (parent company) fixed-rate senior notes, maturing 2024-2032                             $3,350
discover financial services (parent company) fixed-rate retail notes, maturing 2025-2031                               $140
discover financial services (parent company) fixed to floating-rate senior notes, maturing 2034                      $1,000
discover bank fixed-rate senior bank notes, maturing 2024-2030                                                       $3,550
discover bank fixed-rate subordinated bank notes, maturing 2028                                                        $500
at december 31, 2023, $732 million of interest on our fixed-rate debt is due in less than one year and $2.2 billion of interest is due in one year and thereafter. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for more information on the maturities of our long-term borrowings.
short-term borrowings as part of our regular funding strategy, we may, from time to time, borrow short-term funds in the federal funds market or the repurchase ("repo") market through repurchase agreements. federal funds are short-term, unsecured loans between banks or other financial entities with a federal reserve account. funds borrowed in the repo market are short-term, collateralized loans, usually secured with highly-rated investment securities such as u.s. treasury bills or notes, or mortgage bonds or debentures issued by government agencies or u.s. gses. at december 31, 2023, there were no outstanding balances in the federal funds market or under repurchase agreements. additionally, we have access to short-term advance structures through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. at december 31, 2023, there were $750 million of short-term advances outstanding from private asset-backed securitizations.
-74-
additional funding sources private asset-backed securitizations we have access to committed borrowing capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. while we may utilize funding from these private securitizations from time to time for normal business operations, their committed nature also makes them a reliable contingency funding source. therefore, we reserve some undrawn capacity, informed by our liquidity stress test results, for any contingency funding needs. at december 31, 2023, we had a total committed capacity of $3.5 billion, $750 million of which was drawn. we seek to ensure the stability and reliability of these securitizations by staggering their maturity dates, renewing them well ahead of their scheduled maturity dates and periodically drawing them for operational tests and seasonal funding needs.
federal reserve discover bank has access to the federal reserve bank of philadelphia's discount window. as of december 31, 2023, discover bank had $41.2 billion of available borrowing capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type of assets pledged, primarily consumer loans. we also have access to, and have tested our ability to borrow from, the federal reserve's bank term funding program ("btfp"), which offers loans up to one year in length collateralized by u.s. treasuries, u.s. agency securities and u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities. as of december 31, 2023, we have no borrowings outstanding under the discount window or the btfp and reserve this capacity as a source of contingency liquidity.
funding uses our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit to customers, primarily through discover bank; the maintenance of sufficient working capital for routine operations; the service of our debt and capital obligations, including interest, principal, and dividend payments; and the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio.
in addition to originating consumer loans to new customers, we also extend credit to existing customers, which primarily arises from agreements for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards and certain other loan products, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. at december 31, 2023, our unused credit arrangements were approximately $229.8 billion. these arrangements, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness, loan qualification and the cost of capital.
in the normal course of business, we enter into various contracts for goods and services, such as consulting, outsourcing, data, sponsorships, software licenses, telecommunications, and global merchant acceptance, among other things. these contracts are legally binding and specify all significant terms, including any applicable fixed future cash payments.
as of december 31, 2023, we have debt obligations, common stock and preferred stock outstanding, for which we incur servicing costs. refer to "- funding sources" and "- capital" for more information related to our debt obligations and capital service, respectively, and the timing of expected payments.
we assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingency uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. to anticipate funding needs under stress, we conduct liquidity stress tests to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic and hybrid (i.e., idiosyncratic and systemic) scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity. if we determine we have excess cash and cash equivalents above what is required for daily operations, we may invest in highly liquid, unencumbered assets that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using the repo market or other secured borrowing or outright sales.
-75-
guarantees guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that may require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. also included in guarantees are contracts that may require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the discover network and certain transactions processed by pulse and diners club. in the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. the activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements. see note 18: commitments, contingencies and guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including those for securitizations and unsecured senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of dfs, discover bank and the securitization trusts. downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as higher credit enhancement requirements for both our public and private asset securitizations. in addition to increased funding costs, deterioration in our credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets.
the table below reflects our current credit ratings and outlooks:
moody's investors service        standard &amp; poor's         fitch ratings discover financial services senior unsecured debt                                                baa2                             bbb-                          bbb+
outlook for discover financial services senior unsecured debt        negative                         stable                        stable discover bank senior unsecured debt                                                baa1                             bbb                           bbb+
outlook for discover bank senior unsecured debt                      negative                         stable                        stable subordinated debt                                                    baa1                             bbb-                          bbb discover card execution note trust (dcent)
class a(1)                                                           aaa(sf)                          aaa(sf)                       aaa(sf)
(1)an "sf" in the rating denotes rating agency identification for structured finance product ratings.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. a credit rating outlook reflects an agency's opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the medium term, often a period of about a year, and indicates the agency's belief that the issuer's credit profile is consistent with its current rating level at that point in time.
liquidity we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. in addition to the funding sources discussed in the previous section, we also maintain highly liquid, unencumbered assets in our liquidity portfolio that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using either the repo market or other secured borrowing or outright sales.
we maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. the board of directors approves the policy and the asset and liability management committee (the "alco") is responsible for its implementation. we seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. the alco, chaired by our treasurer, has cross-functional membership, and manages liquidity risk centrally. the alco monitors the liquidity risk profiles of dfs and discover bank and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to
-76-
meet current and projected needs. in addition, the alco and our board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity limits at dfs and discover bank, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our board of directors.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we utilize early warning indicators ("ewis") to detect emerging liquidity stress events. the ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures and are monitored daily and reported to the alco regularly. a warning from one or more of these indicators triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team and, in certain instances, may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of our contingency funding plan.
in addition, we conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios that are designed to follow regulatory requirements, including idiosyncratic, systemic and a combination of such events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. these scenarios measure the projected liquidity position at dfs and discover bank across a range of periods by comparing estimated contingency funding needs to available contingency liquidity.
our primary contingency liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio securities, which we could sell, repo or borrow against, and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. in addition, we could borrow fhlb advances by pledging securities to the fhlb of chicago. moreover, we have unused borrowing capacity with the federal reserve discount window and btfp, which provide additional sources of contingency liquidity. we seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. in such an environment, we may also take actions to curtail the size of our balance sheet, which would reduce the need for funding and liquidity.
at december 31, 2023, our liquidity portfolio was composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. cash and cash equivalents were primarily deposits with the federal reserve. investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the u.s. treasury and u.s. gses and residential mortgage-backed securities issued by u.s. government agencies or u.s. gses. these investments, nearly all of which are classified as available-for-sale, are considered highly liquid and we expect to have the ability to raise cash by selling them, utilizing repurchase agreements or pledging certain of these investments to access secured funding. the size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based on the size of our balance sheet as well as operational requirements, market conditions and interest rate risk management objectives.
at december 31, 2023, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were $69.8 billion, which was $2.5 billion higher than the balance at december 31, 2022. our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities grew primarily as a result of an increase in cash and cash equivalents. during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was $21.0 billion and $16.3 billion, respectively. our liquidity portfolio and undrawn facilities consist of the following (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2023                                                                                                2022
liquidity portfolio cash and cash equivalents(1)                                      $9,815                      $7,585
investment securities(2)                                          13,439                      12,213
total liquidity portfolio                                         23,254                      19,798
private asset-backed securitizations(3)                            2,750                       3,500
federal home loan bank of chicago                                  2,551                       1,712
primary liquidity sources                                         28,555                      25,010
federal reserve discount window(3)                                41,199                      42,268
total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities          $69,754                     $67,278
(1)cash in the process of settlement and restricted cash are excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes.
(2)excludes $320 million and $97 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(3)see "- additional funding sources" for additional information.
-77-
bank holding company liquidity the primary uses of funds at the unconsolidated dfs level include debt service obligations (interest payments and return of principal) and capital service and management activities, including dividend payments on capital instruments and the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the issuance of unsecured debt and capital securities, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, notably discover bank. under periods of idiosyncratic or systemic stress, the bank holding company could lose or experience impaired access to the capital markets. in addition, our regulators have the discretion to restrict dividend payments from discover bank to the bank holding company.
we utilize a measure referred to as number of months of pre-funding to determine the length of time dfs can meet upcoming funding obligations, including common and preferred stock dividend payments and debt service obligations, using existing cash resources. in managing this metric, we structure our debt maturity schedule to manage prudently the amount of debt maturing within a short period. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt.
capital our primary sources of capital are the earnings generated by our businesses and the proceeds from issuances of capital securities. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support our businesses' growth, account for their risks, and meet regulatory requirements, rating agency targets and debt investor expectations. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives and legislative and regulatory developments.
under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the federal reserve and the fdic, dfs, along with discover bank, must maintain minimum capital levels. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial condition and operating results. we must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidance and regulations. current or future legislative or regulatory reforms, such as those related to the adoption of the cecl accounting model or those related to the proposed revisions to the basel committee's december 2010 framework ("basel iii rules"), may require us to hold more capital and/or adversely impact our capital level. we consider the potential impacts of these reforms in managing our capital position.
dfs and discover bank are subject to regulatory capital rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic, respectively, under the basel iii rules. under these rules, dfs and discover bank are classified as "standardized approach" entities as they are u.s. banking organizations with consolidated total assets over $50 billion but not exceeding $250 billion and consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposures less than $10 billion. the basel iii rules require dfs and discover bank to maintain minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios.
in accordance with the final rule on the impact of cecl on regulatory capital, we have elected to phase in the impact over three years, beginning in 2022. by electing this option, our common equity tier 1 ("cet1") capital ratios are higher than they otherwise would have been. the phase-in of the cecl accounting model decreased cet1 by $1.1 billion as of january 1, 2023. for additional information regarding the risk-based capital and leverage ratios, see note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
federal reserve rules impose limitations on dfs' capital distributions if we do not maintain our risk-based capital ratios above stated regulatory minimum ratios based on the results of supervisory stress tests. we are required to assess whether dfs' planned capital actions are consistent with the effective capital distribution limitations that will apply on a pro-forma basis throughout the planning horizon.
the scb requirement is institution-specific and is calculated as the greater of (i) 2.5% and (ii) the sum of (a) the difference between dfs' actual cet1 ratio at the beginning of the forecast and the projected minimum cet1 ratio based on the federal reserve's models in its nine-quarter severely adverse stress scenario, plus (b) the sum of the dollar amount of dfs' planned common stock dividend distributions for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of its nine-quarter capital planning horizon, expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. for category iv firms, including dfs, the federal reserve calculates each firm's scb biennially in even-numbered calendar years, and did so in 2022. based on the results of the 2022 ccar exercise released by the federal reserve, our new scb was set at 2.5%, the
-78-
lowest possible requirement, effective october 1, 2022, through september 30, 2023. in odd-numbered years, each firm subject to category iv standards that did not opt-in to such year's supervisory stress tests as part of the federal reserve's ccar process receives an adjusted scb requirement that is updated to reflect its planned common stock dividends per the firm's annual capital plan. on july 27, 2023, the federal reserve disclosed scb requirements to firms subject to category iv standards that did not opt-in to this year's stress test. our scb remains unchanged at 2.5%, effective beginning october 1, 2023 through september 30, 2024. see "- regulatory environment and developments - banking - capital standards and stress testing" for additional information.
at december 31, 2023, dfs and discover bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status under the federal reserve's regulation y and the prompt corrective action rules and corresponding fdic requirements, respectively, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the applicable rules.
basel iii rules also require disclosures relating to market discipline. this series of disclosures is commonly referred to as "pillar 3." the objective is to increase the transparency of capital requirements for banking organizations. we are required to make prescribed regulatory disclosures quarterly regarding our capital structure, capital adequacy, risk exposures and risk-weighted assets. we make the pillar 3 disclosures publicly available on our website in a report called "basel iii regulatory capital disclosures."
we disclose tangible common equity, which represents common equity less goodwill and intangibles. management believes that common stockholders' equity excluding goodwill and intangibles is meaningful to investors as a measure of our true net asset value. at december 31, 2023, tangible common equity is considered to be a non-gaap financial measure as it is not formally defined by gaap or codified in the federal banking regulations. other financial services companies may also disclose this measure and definitions may vary. we advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing this measure among different companies.
the following table reconciles total common stockholders' equity (a gaap financial measure) to tangible common equity (dollars in millions):
december 31,
2023                                                                                        2022
(as restated)                    (as restated)
total common stockholders' equity(1)             $13,179                          $12,839
less: goodwill                                     (255)                            (255)
tangible common equity                           $12,924                          $12,584
(1)total common stockholders' equity is calculated as total stockholders' equity less preferred stock.
-79-
our board of directors declared the following common stock dividends during 2023, 2022 and 2021:
declaration date                    record date                         payment date                              dividend per share
2023
october 16, 2023                    november 22, 2023                   december 07, 2023                             $0.70
july 17, 2023                       august 24, 2023                     september 07, 2023                             0.70
april 17, 2023                      may 25, 2023                        june 08, 2023                                  0.70
january 17, 2023                    february 23, 2023                   march 09, 2023                                 0.60
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $2.70
2022
october 18, 2022                    november 23, 2022                   december 08, 2022                             $0.60
july 20, 2022                       august 25, 2022                     september 08, 2022                             0.60
april 27, 2022                      may 26, 2022                        june 09, 2022                                  0.60
january 18, 2022                    february 17, 2022                   march 03, 2022                                 0.50
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $2.30
2021
october 19, 2021                    november 24, 2021                   december 09, 2021                             $0.50
july 20, 2021                       august 19, 2021                     september 02, 2021                             0.50
april 20, 2021                      may 20, 2021                        june 03, 2021                                  0.44
january 19, 2021                    february 18, 2021                   march 04, 2021                                 0.44
total common stock dividends                                                                                          $1.88
on january 16, 2024, we declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $0.70 per share, payable on march 7, 2024 to holders of record on february 22, 2024, which is consistent with the quarterly amount paid in 2023.
our board of directors declared the following series c preferred stock dividends during 2023, 2022 and 2021:
declaration date                       record date                            payment date                            dividend per depositary share
2023
july 17, 2023                          october 13, 2023                       october 30, 2023                                   $27.50
january 17, 2023                       april 14, 2023                         may 01, 2023                                        27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
2022
july 20, 2022                          october 14, 2022                       october 31, 2022                                   $27.50
january 18, 2022                       april 15, 2022                         may 02, 2022                                        27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
2021
july 20, 2021                          october 15, 2021                       november 01, 2021                                  $27.50
january 19, 2021                       april 15, 2021                         april 30, 2021                                      27.50
total series c preferred stock dividends                                                                                         $55.00
-80-
our board of directors declared the following series d preferred stock dividends during 2023 and 2022:
declaration date                       record date                               payment date                               dividend per depositary share
2023
july 17, 2023                          september 08, 2023                        september 25, 2023                                   $30.625
january 17, 2023                       march 08, 2023                            march 23, 2023                                        30.625
total series d preferred stock dividends                                                                                              $61.250
2022
july 20, 2022                          september 08, 2022                        september 23, 2022                                   $30.625
january 18, 2022                       march 08, 2022                            march 23, 2022                                        30.625
total series d preferred stock dividends                                                                                              $61.250
on january 16, 2024, we declared a semi-annual cash dividend on our series c and series d preferred stock of $27.50 and $30.625 per depositary share, respectively, payable on april 30, 2024 and march 25, 2024, respectively, to holders of record on april 15, 2024 and march 8, 2024, respectively.
our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program in april 2023. the new program authorized up to $2.7 billion of share repurchases through june 30, 2024, and replaced the prior $4.2 billion share repurchase program. if and when we repurchase our shares under the program, we may use various methods including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. during the three months ended december 31, 2023, we did not repurchase any shares. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we repurchased approximately 18.1 million shares, or 6.8% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2022, for $1.9 billion.
the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors. as reported in the second quarter of 2023, we have decided to pause share repurchases while an internal review of compliance, risk management and corporate governance is ongoing. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the card product misclassification. the declaration and payment of future dividends and the amount thereof are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding. no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period. in addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent our banking subsidiary (discover bank) can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. further, current or future regulatory reforms, such as those that propose to alter the basel iii standards, may require us to hold more capital or could adversely impact our capital level. as a result, there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future.
-81-
