item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. any failure to meet market expectations, including our comparable store net sales growth rate, earnings and earnings per share or new store openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline. you should carefully consider the specific risk factors listed below together with all other information included or incorporated in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the sec, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. however, the risks and uncertainties that we face are not limited to those described below and those set forth in our sec filings. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also arise. in such event, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.
profitability and operational risks our profitability is vulnerable to increases in merchandise, shipping, freight and fuel costs, wage and benefit and other operating costs.
future increases in costs such as the cost of merchandise, wage and benefit costs, ocean shipping rates, domestic freight costs, fuel and energy costs, duties and tariffs, and store occupancy costs would reduce our profitability. we experienced material increases in wage rates and labor costs as well as in shipping rates, freight and fuel costs in prior years, and we expect further increases in certain cost categories in fiscal 2024. in addition to pressures from a tight labor market, we have incurred additional costs as a result of recent minimum wage increases by certain states and localities, and we expect additional minimum wage increases by states and localities in fiscal 2024. in addition, the federal minimum wage may increase depending on the outcome of legislation proposed in congress, and the current administration has announced it will consider raising the minimum salary for associates who currently have exempt status under the fair labor standards act. separately, government or industry actions addressing the impact of climate change, or shifts in customer preferences for more sustainable products, or our adoption of goals or initiatives aligned with related stakeholder expectations may result in increases in our merchandise or operating costs.
in our dollar tree segment, we raised our primary price point on merchandise to $1.25 in fiscal 2021. we also continue to implement our multi-price initiative which provides our customers with additional categories priced, for example, at $3, $4 and $5. although we have increased our price points at our dollar tree stores, our ability to adjust our product assortment, to operate more efficiently or to increase our comparable store net sales in order to offset cost increases is critical to maintaining our profitability levels. supply chain constraints and higher commodity costs could make it more difficult for us to obtain sufficient quantities of certain products and could negatively affect our product assortment and merchandise costs. we can give no assurance that we will be able to adjust our product assortment, operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future. although family dollar, unlike dollar tree, can more easily raise the price of merchandise, customers may buy fewer products if prices were to increase. please see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for further discussion of the effect of economic factors on our operations.
higher costs and disruptions in our distribution network could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability.
our success is dependent on our ability to import or transport merchandise to our distribution centers and store, pick and ship merchandise to our stores in a safe, timely and cost-effective manner, and we are relying on a number of initiatives to improve upon our logistics execution, including new management systems. in addition to our internal distribution network, we also rely heavily on third parties including ocean carriers and truckers. some of the factors that have had and could have an adverse effect on our distribution network or costs are:
•efficient operations and management. distribution centers and other aspects of our distribution network are complex and difficult to operate efficiently. if we fail to execute properly, we may not be able to deliver merchandise at the quality and in the quantities and at the times demanded to successfully meet our customers' demand. we have also experienced and could continue to experience challenges in attracting and retaining an adequate and reliable workforce. although we have offered enhanced wages in certain markets to address the shortage of labor at our distribution centers, such measures have increased our costs and are expected to continue to increase our costs, which could have an adverse effect on our margins and profitability.
•shipping costs. we have previously experienced significant changes in freight costs. ocean shipping and other freight costs could increase because of shocks or disruptions in the global supply chain and as freight contracts terminate or renew. a significant increase in our freight costs could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. a return to more normalized costs/rates may lag a decrease in market rates based on the timing of freight contract terms. we have multi-year contracts expiring in 2025 that cover approximately 54% of our import purchase volume.
•trucking and diesel fuel costs. we have experienced significant increases in trucking costs in recent years due to a truck driver shortage and other factors. the truck driver shortage also required us to increase our use of more expensive surge carriers to transport our merchandise. we have also experienced volatility in diesel fuel costs and are expecting increases to continue in fiscal 2024 and may worsen, for example, because of the impact of international events such as trade restrictions on russia on oil prices.
•shipping disruptions. we have experienced disruptions in the global supply chain, including issues with shipping capacity, port congestion and pandemic-related port closings and ship diversions. in addition, our supply chain may be disrupted because of other international events such as armed conflict, war, economic sanctions or acts of terrorism. current tensions in the red sea and traffic restrictions through the panama canal are causing global supply chain disruptions that could increase ocean shipping costs and transit times. our receipt of imported merchandise has been and may in the future be disrupted or delayed because of these or other factors. delays could potentially have a material adverse impact on future product availability, product mix, overall sales, and merchandise margins, especially at dollar tree.
•labor disagreement. labor disagreements, disruptions or strikes, including at ports, rail networks, transportation companies, or other parts of our distribution network may result in lost sales due to shipping delays or disruptions in the delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers or stores and increase our costs.
•vulnerability to natural or man-made disasters, including climate change. a fire, explosion or natural disaster at a port or any of our distribution or store support facilities could result in a loss of merchandise and impair our ability to adequately stock our stores. some facilities are vulnerable to earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes or floods, and an increase in the severity and frequency of extreme weather events and patterns may increase our operating costs, disrupt manufacturing or our supply chain, change customer buying patterns, result in closures of our stores or distribution and store support centers and impede physical access to our stores.
•direct-to-store deliveries. we rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain consumable merchandise, including frozen and refrigerated products. to the extent that supply chain disruptions and higher costs affect our suppliers, we may be subject to delays or reductions in deliveries and higher costs for merchandise.
we may stop selling or recall certain products for safety-related or other issues.
we may stop selling or recall certain products, including our private label brands, for safety-related or other issues, including product contamination, product content, improper manufacturing or distribution processes, improper testing, product mislabeling or product tampering. we may also stop selling or recall products if the products, the operations of our suppliers, or our operations violate applicable laws or regulations, including food, drug and cosmetic safety laws, or raise potential health and safety-related issues, including improper storage, product mishandling, contamination or other adulteration, or when products or their contents could cause injury, illness or death. any recall may require significant management attention, and we could experience significant costs, lost sales, compliance or enforcement actions by governmental authorities which could result in fines or other penalties, and/or product liability legal claims and consumer lawsuits. recalls may also subject us to public claims of false or deceptive advertising and other criticism. a significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, a regulatory enforcement action or a product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and/or results of operations. additionally, any product recall may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses.
we could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending because of concerns about the quality and safety of our products or our brand standards.
we could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending if our customers become concerned about the quality and safety of the products we sell. the sale of private brand items is an important component of our sales growth and gross profit rate enhancement plans. the sale and expansion of these offerings also subjects us to or increases certain risks, such as: product liability claims and product recalls; disruptions in raw material and finished product supply and distribution chains; supplier labor and human rights issues, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. failure to appropriately address these risks could materially and adversely affect our private brand initiatives, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
inflation or other adverse change or downturn in economic conditions could impact our sales or profitability.
a deterioration in economic conditions could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably. adverse economic conditions such as a recession could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, or reduce our profitability due to lower margins. other factors that could result in or exacerbate adverse economic conditions include inflation, higher unemployment, consumer debt levels, trade disputes, as well as adverse climate or weather conditions, worsening or new epidemics, terrorism, or international tensions, including armed conflict and economic sanctions.
furthermore, factors that could adversely affect consumer disposable income could decrease our customers' spending on products we sell most profitably. in fiscal 2023, we continued to experience a material shift in consumer purchasing from higher-margin discretionary merchandise to lower-margin consumable goods. factors that could reduce our customers' disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include inflation in food, housing, fuel or other energy costs, increased unemployment, increases in interest rates, lack of available credit, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, increasing healthcare costs, and changes in government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance programs, including the supplemental nutrition assistance program ("snap"). if consumer spending on the goods we sell declines as a result, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
many of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, also affect our ability to implement our corporate strategy effectively and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. we have limited or no ability to control many of these factors.
risks associated with merchandise supply could adversely affect our financial performance.
we are dependent on our vendors, including direct ship vendors, to supply suitable merchandise in a timely and efficient manner at favorable costs. if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments due to financial or other difficulties, or if we are unable to source an expanded assortment of appropriate product to meet our merchandising strategies, we could experience merchandise shortages which could lead to lost sales or increased merchandise costs if alternative sources must be used.
we rely on the timely availability of imported goods at favorable wholesale prices. merchandise imported directly typically accounts for approximately 41% - 43% of our dollar tree segment's total retail value purchases and approximately 15% - 17% of our family dollar segment's total retail value purchases. in addition, we believe that a significant portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported. imported goods are generally less expensive than domestic goods and result in higher profit margins. a disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise or an increase in the cost of those goods may significantly decrease our profits. risks associated with our reliance on imported goods may include disruptions in the flow of or increases in the cost of imported goods because of factors such as:
•duties, tariffs or other restrictions on trade, including section 301 tariffs;
•raw material shortages, work stoppages, government restrictions, strikes and political unrest, including any impact on vendors or shipping arising from epidemics;
•economic crises in the united states or abroad and international disputes or conflicts, including military confrontation, blockade, war and economic sanctions;
•changes in currency exchange rates or government policies and local economic conditions, including inflation (including energy prices and raw material costs) in the country of origin;
•potential changes to international trade agreements or the failure of the united states to maintain normal trade relations with other countries; and
•changes in leadership and the political climate in countries from which we import products and their relations with the united states.
among our foreign suppliers, china is the source of a vast majority of our direct imports. a disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise from china or an increase in the cost of those goods may significantly decrease our profits. while the united states scaled back punitive section 301 tariffs on certain chinese imports based on an agreement reached with china in 2020, the political outlook remains uncertain. the imposition of any new u.s. tariffs on chinese imports or the taking of other actions against china in the future, and any responses by china, could impair our ability to meet customer demand and could result in lost sales or an increase in our cost of merchandise, which would have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to expand our square footage profitably.
existing store sales growth is critical to good operating results and is dependent on a variety of factors, including merchandise quality, relevance and availability, store operations and customer satisfaction. in addition, increased competition could adversely affect our sales. we have embarked on several initiatives to increase our sales and profitability, some of which remain in the early stages. at the same time, the company recently concluded a comprehensive performance review of its store portfolio and announced the closure of approximately 970 family dollar and 30 dollar tree stores. for more information, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
expanding our square footage profitably depends on a number of uncertainties, including our ability to locate, lease, build out and open or expand stores in suitable locations on a timely basis under favorable economic terms. we also open or expand stores within our established geographic markets, where new or expanded stores may draw sales away from our existing stores. obtaining an increasing number of profitable stores is an ever-increasing challenge.
in addition, our expansion is dependent upon the company and its third-party developers' abilities to acquire land, obtain financing, and secure necessary permits and approvals. we have experienced higher commodity and other costs associated with the build-out of new stores and the renovation of existing stores. we have also experienced delays in new store openings and the renovation of existing stores due to inspection, permitting and contractor delays. in addition, we have experienced delays in new store openings due to limitations on the availability of certain fixtures and equipment. we anticipate these increased costs and delays may continue for the foreseeable future, which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. further, we may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our profitability is affected by the mix of products we sell.
our gross profit margin decreases when we increase the proportion of higher cost goods we sell. for example, some of our consumable products carry higher costs than other goods, so our gross profit margin will be negatively impacted as the percentage of our sales from higher cost consumable products increases. imported merchandise and private label goods generally carry lower costs than domestic goods. our product mix is affected by the supply of goods, including imported goods, and could be negatively impacted by various factors, including those described under "higher costs and disruptions in our distribution network could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability" on page 11.
in our family dollar segment, our success also depends on our ability to select and obtain sufficient quantities of relevant merchandise at prices that allow us to sell such merchandise at profitable and appropriate prices. a sales price that is too high causes products to be less attractive to our customers and our sales at family dollar could suffer. we are continuing to refine our pricing strategy at family dollar to drive customer loyalty and have a strategic pricing team to improve our value and to increase profitability. our inability to successfully implement our pricing strategies at family dollar could have a negative effect on our business.
in addition, our family dollar segment has a substantial number of private brand items, and the number of such items has been increasing. we believe our success in maintaining broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including our pricing, costs, quality, customer perception and timely development and introduction of new products. we may not achieve or maintain our expected sales for our private brands and, as a result, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. additionally, the increased number of private brands could negatively impact our existing relationships with our non-private brand suppliers.
our business is seasonal, and adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our full-year financial results.
our highest sales periods are during the christmas and easter seasons, and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter. in anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores and help ship product from our distribution centers. lead times for seasonal product purchases are longer and could result in inventory markdowns if sales do not meet expectations. a reduction in sales during these periods could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year. untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect. when easter is observed earlier in the year, the selling season is shorter and, as a result, our sales could be adversely affected. easter was observed on april 9, 2023, and will be observed on march 31, 2024.
failure to protect our inventory or other assets from loss and theft may impact our financial results.
risk of loss or theft of assets, including inventory shrinkage, is inherent in the retail business and has recently reached historically high rates. loss may be caused by error or misconduct of associates, customers, vendors or other third parties including through organized retail crime and professional theft, and may be further impacted by macroeconomic factors, including the enforcement environment, or may be the result of damage or destruction of our inventory by natural disasters. we have experienced charges in the past, and our inability to cost-effectively prevent and/or minimize the loss or theft of assets, or to accurately predict and accrue for the impact of those losses, could adversely affect our operating results.
we have risks related to the security of our facilities including risks of personal injury to customers or associates.
we operate stores and other facilities in locations subject to a risk for crimes of break-ins, theft, property damage, and interpersonal violence, which may include an active shooter or mass casualty/damage event. while we have instituted programs aimed at reducing these risks, particularly of workplace violence, no security or safety program is 100% effective, and there is a risk that they will not prevent the occurrences of such crimes or related harms. any such incidents of violence could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, associate relations or customer reputation.
we face significant pressure from competitors which may reduce our sales and profits.
the retail industry is highly competitive with respect to price, customers, store locations, merchandise quality, product assortment, service offerings, product sourcing, labor, and market share. the marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store formats and merchandising strategies, including mobile and online shopping. to remain competitive, we may be required to change our product offering or lower our prices, but our ability to do so may be limited with the result that we could see lower sales or reduced profitability.
we expect competition to increase in the future. there are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do. the substantial growth in e-commerce has also encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create successful online shopping alternatives. we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, and we believe that doing so may require substantial capital expenditures, for example in technology. our ability to effectively compete will depend upon our ability to successfully develop and execute on our strategic initiatives. please see "item 1. business" for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations.
our business could be adversely affected if we fail to manage our organizational talent and capacity, including attracting and retaining qualified associates and key personnel.
our growth and performance are dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel for both dollar tree and family dollar. at our stores and distribution centers, we must recruit, develop, train, and retain qualified and diverse associates in relatively large numbers, while also working to decrease turnover in these positions. our ability to meet labor needs while controlling costs is subject to many external factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel, unemployment levels, wage rates and salary levels (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels), health and other insurance costs, changes in employment and labor laws or other workplace regulations (including those relating to employee benefit programs such as health insurance and paid leave programs), labor activism, associate safety issues, associate expectations and productivity, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. if we are unable to attract, develop and retain adequate numbers of qualified associates, our operations, customer service levels, legal and regulatory compliance, and support functions could suffer. in addition, to the extent a significant portion of our associate base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor and other related costs could increase. the potential financial impact of union organization is further compounded by the possibility of federal agencies adopting or imposing changes to existing labor law that could facilitate union organizing. we currently do not have any employees represented by unions. our ability to pass along labor and other related costs to our customers is constrained by our pricing model, and we may not be able to offset such increased costs elsewhere in our business.
successful execution of our plans and strategies also depends on the efforts of key management personnel. the labor market for these executives and other key personnel is nationwide in scope and intensely competitive. the loss of such personnel, or the inability to hire, train, motivate and retain them, or to manage changes to our organizational structure and capacity, could, at least temporarily, have an adverse effect on the company's operating results and financial condition. in addition, failure to develop an adequate succession plan for senior positions could reduce our organizational capabilities and competitive advantage during a transition. turnover in such positions can disrupt progress in implementing business strategies, result in a loss of institutional knowledge, cause greater workload demands for remaining team members and divert attention away from key areas of the business, or otherwise negatively impact the company's growth prospects or future operating results.
we rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.
due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, landlords, contractors, and external business partners. if we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the company or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. additionally, while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk.
in fiscal 2023, we purchased and delivered approximately 15% of our merchandise for our family dollar segment, and to a lesser extent for our dollar tree segment, through our relationship with mclane company, inc., which distributes consumable merchandise from multiple manufacturers. we also rely on third parties to deliver frozen and refrigerated product, as well as chocolate in the summer, to our dollar tree stores.
risks relating to strategic initiatives we may not be successful in implementing or in anticipating the impact of important strategic initiatives, and our plans for implementing such initiatives may be altered or delayed due to various factors, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
we continue to execute on a number of strategic initiatives across the dollar tree and family dollar banners to drive productive sales growth and improve operating efficiency, including, among others:
•we continue to expand our dollar tree brand assortment at the $1.25 price point and expand our multi-price product assortment.
•our initiatives at family dollar provide tailored store formats and significantly improved merchandise offerings.
•our comprehensive store portfolio optimization review to improve profitability by identifying candidates for closure or re-bannering.
•across both banners, we have initiatives to provide competitive pay and benefits, enhanced training, and other projects to support our workforce as well as initiatives to optimize and modernize our stores.
•our supply chain initiatives include optimizing our transportation network and distribution methods.
•we continue our significant investments in our technology across our business, including our store network and point-of-sale, merchandising and supply chain.
the implementation, timing and results of these complex strategic initiatives are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in our planning. these initiatives place significant demands on our accounting, financial, information technology, and other systems, and on our business overall. we are dependent on our management's ability to oversee these initiatives effectively and implement them successfully. if our estimates and assumptions about our initiatives are incorrect, or if we miscalculate the resources or time, we need to complete them or fail to execute on them effectively, our pursuit of these initiatives may increase our costs and reduce our margins and profitability.
to be effective, our strategies have and will continue to require significant investment in cross-functional operations and management focus, along with supporting investments. if we are unable to attract and retain employees or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our efforts, implement improvements to systems in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, if initiatives related to our multi-priced merchandise at dollar tree, new store concepts and merchandise offerings at family dollar, and improved customer experience do not appeal to our customers or if we are unable to consistently meet our brand execution promises in a cost-effective manner, we may experience a loss of customer confidence or lost sales, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
a failure to properly execute our plans and business strategies, delays in executing our plans and business strategies, increased costs associated with executing on our plans and business strategies, or failure to identify alternative strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
we have incurred losses due to impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets.
under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever economic events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. identifiable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill, are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. an evaluation is also performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred.
for example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 the company initiated a comprehensive store portfolio optimization review, and its recently announced decisions to close approximately 970 underperforming family dollar stores and approximately 30 underperforming dollar tree stores has led to additional impairments of related assets. the family dollar goodwill and trade name comprise a substantial portion of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and management's judgment utilized in the family dollar goodwill and trade name impairment evaluations is critical. please refer to "critical accounting estimates and assumptions" in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
should we experience business challenges or significant negative industry or general economic trends, we could recognize additional impairments to our goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. we monitor key assumptions and other factors utilized in our impairment analysis, and if business or other market conditions develop that are materially different than we currently anticipate, we will conduct an additional impairment evaluation. any reduction in or impairment of assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we recorded a $1,069.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge, a $950.0 million non-cash trade name impairment charge, and a $503.9 million non-cash store asset impairment charge. for additional information on recent impairments, please refer to note 15 and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
cybersecurity and technology risks we rely on computer and technology systems in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of those systems, including because of a cyberattack, could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results.
we rely extensively on our computer and technology systems and, in certain cases, those of third-party service providers to support nearly all key functions in our business, including managing inventory, operating our stores, processing credit card and customer transactions and summarizing results. our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the distribution and sale of our merchandise depends significantly on the capabilities, confidentiality, integrity and availability of these systems and on our ability to successfully acquire and integrate upgraded or replacement systems as needed to support our business requirements and strategic initiatives. we also rely on third-party providers and platforms for many of these computer and technology systems and support.
although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available to us. this may be as the result of deliberate breach in the security of these systems or platforms by bad actors, including through malicious software, ransomware and other cyberattacks, which may originate from state actors and may increase during times of international tensions. failures may also be caused by various other factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, obsolescence or failure of vendor support, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third-party service providers.
to support the growth of our business, we are making substantial investments in our information technology systems. transitioning to these new or upgraded processes and systems requires significant capital investments and personnel resources. implementation is also highly dependent on the coordination of numerous associates, contractors and software and system providers. while these efforts have resulted in improvements to our operational systems, we expect to continue to incur expenses to implement additional improvements and upgrades to our systems. many of these expenditures have been and may continue to be incurred in advance of the realization of any direct benefits to our business. we cannot guarantee that we will be successful at improving our operational systems, or that our efforts will result in the anticipated benefits to us. we may also experience difficulties in implementing or operating our new or upgraded operational or it systems, including, but not limited to, ineffective or inefficient operations, significant system failures, system outages, delayed implementation and loss of system availability, which could lead to increased implementation and/or operational costs, loss or corruption of data, delayed shipments, excess inventory and interruptions of operations resulting in lost sales and/or profits. if our information technology systems, upgrades and associated change management are not adequate to support our business and our strategic initiatives, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive.
the potential unauthorized access to our systems could disrupt operations or lead to the theft of data which may violate privacy laws and could damage our business reputation, subject us to negative publicity, litigation and costs, and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
many of our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting, and internal and external communications, contain personal, financial or other confidential information that is entrusted to us by our customers and associates as well as proprietary and other confidential information related to our business and suppliers.
we are exposed to persistent and substantial risks from cybersecurity threats, as the number of cyberattacks targeting retailers and corporate networks grows, and the volume, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks, intrusions and threats from around the world increase daily. both we and our vendors have experienced data security incidents; however, to date, these incidents have not been material to our results of operations. the security measures that we and/or our third-party partners put in place cannot provide absolute security to prevent harm to our systems or safeguard our customers' personal information (including debit and credit card information), our associates' private data, suppliers' data, and our business records and intellectual property and other sensitive information.
cybercriminals, who may include well-funded state actors or organized criminal groups, are rapidly evolving their cyberattack techniques and tactics, which are becoming increasingly more sophisticated and challenging to detect. we and/or our third-party suppliers may be vulnerable to and unable to anticipate, detect, and appropriately respond to cybersecurity attacks, including data security breaches and data loss.
we are also subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which we operate regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data of customers, associates, or others. these laws permit regulators to assess potentially significant fines for data privacy violations and may create a right for individuals to bring class action suits seeking damages for violations. our efforts to comply with consumer privacy laws and other similar privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or be subject to litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.
likewise, we are subject to the payment card industry data security standards ("pci-dss") which is mandated by the card brands and administered through the payment card industry security standards council. as a level 1 merchant, we are subject to assessment and attestation for pci-dss compliance on an annual basis. a failure to meet and maintain compliance with pci-dss requirements could result in our inability to continue to accept credit cards as a form of payment, which would materially impact our ability to sell our products. in addition, our credibility and reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether. non-compliance with pci-dss requirements also may subject us to recurring and accumulating fines until compliance is achieved. considerable investments to strengthen our information security could also be required should we ever be deemed to be non-compliant. we are currently in compliance with the pci-dss standards.
moreover, significant additional capital investments and other expenditures could also be required to continue to strengthen our overall cybersecurity posture and prevent future security breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and services (e.g., credit-monitoring services) for those whose data has been breached. these costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.
the unavailability of information technology systems on which we rely or the failure of those systems or software to perform as required to support our business needs for any reason and any inability to respond to, or recover from, such events, could disrupt our business, decrease performance, and increase overhead costs. if we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience significant data security incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and increased costs. in addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, stop using our loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition.
legal, regulatory and environmental, social and governance ("esg") risks legal proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation and other proceedings involving associates, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, derivative actions, governmental investigations, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, arbitrations or other similar actions.
in addition, our operations and/or the products we sell are subject to regulatory oversight by the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda"), the u.s. department of agriculture, the occupational safety and health administration, states' attorneys-general, and other federal, state, local and applicable foreign governmental authorities. where such authorities believe that we have failed to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures, they may require prompt corrective action, and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action, including the imposition of operating restrictions, including a ceasing of operations in one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to products, seizure of products, assessing civil or criminal sanctions or penalties, and requiring enhancements to our compliance programs or reporting requirements. any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
for example, we recently resolved a previously disclosed investigation by the united states department of justice (the "doj") regarding a historical rodent issue at family dollar's west memphis, arkansas distribution center ("dc 202") and the related adulteration of products regulated by the fda. under this resolution, a family dollar subsidiary pled guilty to a one count misdemeanor violation of title 21, united states code, sections 331(k), 333(a)(1) for causing fda-regulated products to become adulterated and paid $200,000 in fines and a forfeiture money judgment in the amount of $41,475,000 to the united states. for a discussion of other impacts of this resolution, see also "our failure to comply with applicable law, or to adequately respond to changes to such laws, could increase our expenses, expose us to legal risks or otherwise adversely affect us" below.
our products could also cause illness or injury, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation. product liability, personal injury or other claims may be asserted against us relating to product adulteration, product tampering, mislabeling, recall and other safety issues with respect to the products that we sell, or with respect to our handling or storage of such products. recent such matters have led to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. a significant product liability, consumer fraud, or other legal judgment against us, a related regulatory compliance or enforcement action or a product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and/or results of operations. moreover, even if a product liability, consumer fraud or other claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against the products we sell could materially and adversely affect our reputation. we seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification from our vendors, where appropriate, or insurance coverage, and if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. our ability to obtain the benefit of contractual indemnification from vendors may be hindered by our ability to enforce contractual indemnification obligations against such vendors, for example because the vendors are overseas or lack financial resources. our litigation-related expenses could increase as well, which also could have a materially negative impact on our financial condition and/or results of operations even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued.
the outcome of such matters is often difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits or proceedings may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in an expense that may be material to our consolidated financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. if we experienced a material loss arising from these matters, we could also become subject to shareholder derivative suits and securities litigation. the cost to defend current and future litigation or proceedings, including arbitrations, may be significant. there also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation, including litigation related to product or food safety, customer information and environmental or safety requirements, which could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.
for a discussion of current legal matters, please see "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 5 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption "contingencies."
our failure to comply with applicable law, or to adequately respond to changes to such laws, could increase our expenses, expose us to legal risks or otherwise adversely affect us.
we operate in an increasingly regulated environment across a large and diverse geographic footprint, and we devote substantial resources to ensure effective compliance with numerous and frequently changing laws and regulations. the complexity of this regulatory environment and related compliance costs continue to increase due to additional legal and regulatory requirements, our expanding operations, and increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement efforts. new or revised laws, regulations, orders, policies and related interpretations and enforcement practices, including product and food safety, marketing, labeling or pricing; information security and privacy; artificial intelligence; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; health and workplace safety (including occupational safety and health administration rules); imports and customs; taxes; bribery; climate change; and environmental compliance, may significantly increase our expenses or require extensive system and operating changes that could materially increase our cost of doing business.
if our programs do not adequately anticipate regulatory expectations or requirements, or if we fail to appropriately design and maintain an effective enterprise compliance program and system of controls to prevent and detect non-compliance, including implementing and communicating a strong culture of compliance, there is a possibility any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations would subject us to enhanced legal risks and adverse outcomes. violations of applicable laws and regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a required product recall can result in significant penalties (including loss of licenses, eligibility to accept certain government benefits such as snap or significant fines), class action or other litigation, governmental investigation or action and reputational damage. as part of our recent resolution of the doj investigation regarding dc 202, we agreed to implement improved internal controls, compliance codes, policies, and procedures, many of which were already underway or completed, and to make periodic reports to the doj for three years. the failure to properly manage our overall compliance program and fully comply with our obligations could adversely affect our ability to conduct business, result in significant fines and other penalties, damage our brand and reputation, and negatively impact our financial position and results of operations.
new laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business. for example, various municipalities have begun regulating the placement or proximity of our stores or may place requirements on labor relations or the types of products we sell. in addition, the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations in connection with climate change and the proposed transition to a low carbon economy, including any federal or state laws enacted to regulate or tax greenhouse gas emissions, could significantly increase our operating or merchandise costs or reduce the demand for our products. these laws and regulations may include, but are not limited to, requirements relating to hazardous waste materials, recycling, single-use plastics, extended producer responsibility, use of refrigerants, carbon pricing or carbon taxes, product energy efficiency standards and product labeling.
in addition, significant changes in laws or regulations that impact our relationship with our workforce, such as minimum wage increases, health care, labor relations laws or workplace safety, could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. an increase in federal corporate tax rates also could adversely affect our profitability. changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product and food safety, energy or environmental protection, and tariff and other trade restrictions, among others, could cause our expenses to increase or result in product recalls.
our business is subject to evolving disclosure requirements and expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters that could expose us to numerous risks.
our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to social responsibility, climate change and other esg practices. we risk damage to our brand and reputation, including risk to our plans for profitable growth, if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as worker safety and welfare, diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, and corporate governance and transparency. adverse incidents could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with associates, customers or investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results.
in addition, increasingly regulators, customers, investors, associates, and other stakeholders are focusing on esg matters and related disclosures. these changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. for example, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of esg, and collecting, measuring, and reporting esg-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the sec's proposed climate-related reporting requirements. we may also communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other esg-related matters, in our sec filings or in other public disclosures. these initiatives and goals within the scope of esg could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the disclosure. further, statements about our esg-related initiatives and goals, and progress toward those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to mature, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. if we are unable to meet our esg-related goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, if our esg-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for esg issues, consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from a competitor, and our reputation, business or financial condition may be adversely affected.
risks relating to indebtedness and our common stock our inability to access credit or capital markets, a downgrade of our credit ratings and/or increases in interest rates could negatively affect our financing costs, results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on internally generated funds and borrowings under our credit facilities and commercial paper program to fund our seasonal working capital requirements for existing and new stores, distribution network programs and other capital projects. in addition, we have $3.45 billion of senior notes outstanding as of february 3, 2024.
our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and our credit ratings. changes in the credit and capital markets, including as a result of financial market disruptions, rising interest rates, bank failures or other macroeconomic conditions, could increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. further, our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of financing. our ratings reflect the opinions of the ratings agencies of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to credit and capital markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our debt agreements and would likely significantly increase our overall financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations.
if we are unable to access financial markets when needed, on favorable terms or at all, whether to refinance our existing indebtedness on or before maturity or to fund our capital expenditures or working capital needs not satisfied by cash flows from operations, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, we have exposure to future interest rates based on variable rates under our revolving credit facility and issuances under our commercial paper program and to the extent we raise additional debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations or otherwise. significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results.
our business or the value of our common stock could be negatively affected as a result of actions by shareholders.
we value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our shareholders regarding strategy and performance. the board of directors and management team are committed to acting in the best interests of all our shareholders. there is no assurance that the actions taken by the board of directors and management in seeking to maintain constructive engagement with our shareholders will be successful. shareholders who disagree with our strategy or the way we are managed may seek to effect change in the future, through various strategies that could include private engagement, publicity campaigns, proxy contests, and litigation. responding to these actions may be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of our board of directors, management, and associates, and impact our relationship with investors, vendors, and other third parties. shareholder engagement also may result in changes to our business plans, operations, strategies, initiatives, governance, management, and risk factors. the perceived uncertainty as to our future direction resulting from these actions of shareholders could also affect the market price and volatility of our common stock.
the price of our common stock is subject to market and other conditions and may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors. these factors, some of which may be beyond our control, include the perceived prospects and actual results of operations of our business; changes in estimates of our results of operations by analysts, investors or us; trading activity by our large shareholders; trading activity by sophisticated algorithms (high-frequency trading); our actual results of operations relative to estimates or expectations; actions or announcements by us or our competitors; litigation and judicial decisions; legislative or regulatory actions or changes; and changes in general economic or market conditions. in addition, the stock market in general has from time-to-time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. these market fluctuations could reduce the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our operating performance.
certain provisions in our articles of incorporation and by-laws could delay or discourage a change of control transaction that may be in a shareholder's best interest.
our articles of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that may delay or discourage a takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his/her best interest. these provisions, among other things, provide that only the board of directors, the chairman or vice chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or shareholders who own 15% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock may call special meetings of the shareholders; establish certain advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings; and permit the board of directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock. however, we believe that these provisions allow our board of directors to negotiate a higher price in the event of a takeover attempt which would be in the best interest of our shareholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this section of form 10-k generally discusses fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 events and results, and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. discussions of fiscal 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 28, 2023.
in management's discussion and analysis, we explain the general financial condition and the results of operations for our company, including, factors that affect our business, analysis of annual changes in certain line items in the consolidated financial statements, performance of each of our operating segments, expenditures incurred for capital projects and sources of funding for future expenditures. as you read management's discussion and analysis, please refer to our consolidated financial statements and related notes, included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
overview we are a leading operator of more than 16,700 retail discount stores and we conduct our operations through two reporting segments. our dollar tree segment is the leading operator of discount variety stores offering merchandise predominantly at the opening price point of $1.25, with additional offerings at $3, $4 and $5 price points. our family dollar segment operates general merchandise retail discount stores providing consumers with a selection of competitively-priced merchandise in convenient neighborhood stores.
our net sales are derived from the sale of merchandise. two major factors tend to affect our net sales trends. first is our success at opening new stores. second is the performance of stores once they are open which can be impacted by a number of factors including operational performance, competition, inflation and changes in the product assortment, pricing, or quality. sales vary at our existing stores from one year to the next. we refer to this as a change in comparable store net sales, because we include only those stores that are open throughout both of the periods being compared, beginning after the first fifteen months of operation. we include sales from stores expanded, relocated or remodeled during the year in the calculation of comparable store net sales, which has the effect of increasing our comparable store net sales. stores that have been re-bannered (i.e., family dollar stores converted to dollar tree stores, or vice versa) are considered to be new stores and are not included in the calculation of the comparable store net sales change until after the first fifteen months of operation under the new brand. sales that are excluded from the calculation of comparable store net sales are referred to as non-comparable store sales and consist of sales from new stores open fifteen months or less and stores that are closed permanently or expected to be closed for more than 90 days.
annual results financial highlights for the fiscal year ended february 3, 2024, as compared to the fiscal year ended january 28, 2023, include:
•net sales increased 8.0% to $30,581.6 million, due to a 4.6% enterprise-wide comparable store net sales increase and net sales of $1,184.5 million at non-comparable stores. the 53rd week in fiscal 2023 accounted for $559.3 million of the total net sales increase.
•gross profit increased 4.3% to $9,309.6 million as a result of our net store growth and the 53rd week. gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, decreased 110 basis points to 30.4%, primarily due to higher shrink, distribution and markdown costs, partially offset by lower freight costs and occupancy costs. excluding $86.2 million of distribution and markdown costs related to the store portfolio optimization review, gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, decreased 80 basis points.
•selling, general and administrative expenses increased $3,514.5 million or 52.5%, primarily due to a $1,069.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge, a $950.0 million non-cash trade name impairment charge, a $503.9 million non-cash store asset impairment charge, and $56.7 million in dc 202-related litigation charges. selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of total revenues, increased 980 basis points to 33.4%. excluding the impairment and litigation charges noted above, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of total revenues, increased 125 basis points primarily due to higher store-based payroll expenses, unfavorable development of general liability claims, and higher repairs and maintenance expenses.
•operating income (loss) was ($881.8) million and as a percentage of total revenues, decreased 1,080 basis points to (2.9)% primarily due to the current year impairments and litigation charges noted above. excluding the impairments and litigation charges, the operating income (loss), as a percentage of total revenues, decreased 210 basis points.
•the effective tax rate decreased to (1.0)% compared to 23.5% in the prior year primarily due to the current year goodwill impairment charge which is not tax deductible.
•net income (loss) was ($998.4) million, or ($4.55) per diluted share, compared to $1,615.4 million, or $7.21 per diluted share.
at february 3, 2024, we operated stores in 48 states and the district of columbia, as well as stores in five canadian provinces. the average size of stores opened in fiscal 2023 was approximately 9,300 selling square feet for the dollar tree segment and 9,360 selling square feet for the family dollar segment. a breakdown of store counts and square footage by segment for the years ended february 3, 2024 and january 28, 2023 is as follows:
year ended february 3, 2024                                                                        january 28, 2023
dollar tree                    family dollar                       total                dollar tree                    family dollar                       total store count:
beginning                                     8,134                           8,206                         16,340                    8,061                           8,016                         16,077
new stores                                      333                             308                            641                      131                             333                            464
re-bannered stores                               15                            (15)                              -                      (5)                               9                              4
closings                                       (67)                           (140)                          (207)                     (53)                           (152)                          (205)
ending                                        8,415                           8,359                         16,774                    8,134                           8,206                         16,340
relocations                                      31                              89                            120                       28                              92                            120
selling square feet (in millions):
beginning                                      70.5                            61.6                          132.1                     69.7                            59.2                          128.9
new stores                                      3.1                             2.9                            6.0                      1.1                             3.1                            4.2
re-bannered stores                              0.1                           (0.1)                              -                        -                             0.1                            0.1
closings                                      (0.6)                           (1.0)                          (1.6)                    (0.4)                           (1.1)                          (1.5)
relocations                                       -                             0.3                            0.3                      0.1                             0.3                            0.4
ending                                         73.1                            63.7                          136.8                     70.5                            61.6                          132.1
stores are included as re-banners when they close or open, respectively. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we initiated a comprehensive store portfolio optimization review, including identifying stores as candidates for closure, re-bannering, or relocation. see the "strategic initiatives and recent developments" section below and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for additional detail.
fiscal 2023 ended on february 3, 2024 and included 53 weeks, commensurate with the retail calendar. the 53rd week in fiscal 2023 added approximately $559.3 million in sales. fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 which ended on january 28, 2023 and january 29, 2022, respectively, each included 52 weeks.
the percentage change in comparable store net sales for the fiscal year ended february 3, 2024, as compared with the preceding year, is as follows, based on a 53-week comparison for both years:
year ended february 3, 2024
sales growth                   change in customer traffic                     change in average ticket consolidated                                   4.6      %                               5.4          %                             (0.8)          %
dollar tree segment                            5.8      %                               7.4          %                             (1.5)          %
family dollar segment                          3.2      %                               2.5          %                               0.7          %
comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded, relocated and remodeled stores, which we include in the calculation, and are negatively affected when we open new stores, re-banner stores or expand stores near existing stores.
net sales per selling square foot is calculated based on total net sales for the preceding 12 months as of the end of the reporting period divided by the average selling square footage during the period. selling square footage excludes the storage, receiving and office space that generally occupies approximately 20% of the total square footage of our stores. we believe that net sales per selling square foot more accurately depicts the productivity and operating performance of our stores as it reflects the portion of our footprint that is dedicated to selling merchandise. net sales per selling square foot for the 53 weeks ended february 3, 2024 and the 52 weeks ended january 28, 2023 and january 29, 2022 is as follows:
53 weeks ended                                                    52 weeks ended february 3, 2024                                                  january 28, 2023                                                           january 29, 2022
dollar                     family                     total       dollar                     family                     total                dollar                     family                     total tree                       dollar                                 tree                       dollar                                          tree                       dollar net sales per selling square foot         $234                       $220                       $227        $220                       $214                       $217                 $203                       $212                       $207
the 53rd week in fiscal 2023 contributed $4 to the total net sales per selling square foot. see our "strategic initiatives and recent developments" below for more information on the initiatives that are driving our comparable store net sales growth and net sales per selling square foot growth.
strategic initiatives and recent developments we continue to execute on a number of strategic initiatives across the dollar tree and family dollar banners to drive productive sales growth, improve operating efficiency, invest in technology, and expand our culture of service to our associates. these initiatives include, among others, the following:
dollar tree merchandising. we continue to expand our brand assortment at the $1.25 price point to provide greater value to our customers and increase customer traffic and store productivity. we are continuing to expand our multi-price product assortment, which began with the introduction of $3 and $5 dollar tree plus product in select discretionary categories, expanded into $3, $4 and $5 frozen and refrigerated product, and now comprises a wide assortment of other consumable and discretionary product. we are currently taking actions to improve operating efficiencies and prepare for expanded multi-price products within our stores, including raising shelf heights, implementing space productivity, and rightsizing assortments.
family dollar merchandising and store portfolio optimization review. our store design initiatives at family dollar provide significantly improved merchandise offerings and establish a minimum number of cooler doors. we tailor space and assortment to local demographics with emerging formats including h2.5, our primary store format with optimized layout and expanded frozen and refrigerated doors; larger rural stores where assortments may include dollar tree product; and xsb (extra small box), which adds elements of h2.5 optimized to our smaller stores, particularly in urban markets. as of february 3, 2024, we have more than 1,890 stores across these three formats.
across all of family dollar's formats we are expanding our skus, continuing to add cooler doors, increasing our standard shelf profile, and implementing planogram and category resets. we continue to introduce new private brands at family dollar, convert control brands to private brands and align our "family" brand message across key categories.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we announced that we had initiated a comprehensive store portfolio optimization review which involved identifying stores for closure, relocation or re-bannering based on an evaluation of current market conditions and individual store performance, among other factors. as a result of this portfolio optimization review, we plan to close approximately 970 underperforming family dollar stores, including approximately 600 stores to be closed in the first half of fiscal 2024, and approximately 370 stores to be closed at the end of each store's current lease term. additionally, we identified approximately 30 underperforming dollar tree stores for closure and plan to close each store at the end of the store's current lease term.
in connection with the store portfolio optimization review, we incurred $503.9 million of non-cash impairment charges which are included in "selling, general and administrative expenses" within the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, comprised of $152.2 million of property, plant and equipment impairment charges and $351.7 million of operating lease right-of-use asset impairment charges. in addition, we recorded $80.6 million of inventory markdowns and $5.6 million of capitalized distribution cost impairment within "cost of sales" in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the stores expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2024. we also incurred $4.3 million in third party consulting fees related to the portfolio optimization review which are included in "selling, general and administrative expenses" within the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
our workforce & our workplace. across both of our banners, we are investing in our talent, including initiatives to provide competitive pay and benefits, enhanced training, and attractive career opportunities to deliver an enhanced associate experience, reduce turnover, and improve our store standards and efficiencies and ultimately the customer experience. additional initiatives include projects to optimize and modernize our stores, with a focus on improving store appearance, delivering consistent experiences across all stores, and driving positive sales trends.
supply chain optimization. our supply chain initiatives include enhancing our distribution and transportation network, including investments in our trucking fleet, transportation management systems, a new distribution center with enhanced automation to improve efficiency, and a new rotacart delivery process to streamline the truck unloading and store delivery process. significant investments are also underway to improve climate control conditions in our distribution centers.
technology investment. we continue our multi-year plan for significant investment in our technology across our business, including our store network and point-of-sale, merchandising and supply chain. we believe these improvements can promote operational efficiencies and deliver an elevated customer experience.
results of operations our results of operations and year-over-year changes are discussed in the following section. note that gross profit margin is calculated as gross profit (i.e., net sales less cost of sales) divided by net sales. the selling, general and administrative expense rate, operating income (loss) margin and net income (loss) margin are calculated by dividing the applicable amount by total revenue. basis points, as referred to below, are a percentage of net sales for expense categories within gross profit, and are a percentage of total revenue for all other expense categories. a 100 basis point increase equals 1.00% and a 1 basis point increase equals 0.01%.
the following table contains results of operations data for the years ended february 3, 2024, january 28, 2023 and january 29, 2022:
year ended
(in millions, except percentages)                                                        february 3, 2024                    january 28, 2023                    january 29, 2022
revenues net sales                                                                               $30,581.6                           $28,318.2                           $26,309.8
other revenue                                                                                22.2                                13.5                                11.4
total revenue                                                                            30,603.8                            28,331.7                            26,321.2
expenses cost of sales                                                                            21,272.0                            19,396.3                            18,583.9
selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding                                   9,144.6                             6,699.1                             5,925.9
goodwill impairment goodwill impairment                                                                       1,069.0                                   -                                   -
selling, general and administrative expenses                                             10,213.6                             6,699.1                             5,925.9
operating income (loss)                                                                   (881.8)                             2,236.3                             1,811.4
interest expense, net                                                                       106.8                               125.3                               178.9
other expense, net                                                                            0.1                                 0.4                                 0.3
income (loss) before income taxes                                                         (988.7)                             2,110.6                             1,632.2
provision for income taxes                                                                    9.7                               495.2                               304.3
net income (loss)                                                                        $(998.4)                            $1,615.4                            $1,327.9
gross profit margin                                                                          30.4       %                        31.5       %                        29.4       %
selling, general and administrative expense rate                                             33.4       %                        23.6       %                        22.5       %
operating income (loss) margin                                                              (2.9)       %                         7.9       %                         6.9       %
interest expense as a percentage of total revenue                                             0.3       %                         0.4       %                         0.7       %
income (loss) before income taxes as percentage of total revenue                            (3.2)       %                         7.4       %                         6.2       %
effective tax rate                                                                          (1.0)       %                        23.5       %                        18.6       %
net income (loss) margin                                                                    (3.3)       %                         5.7       %                         5.0       %
net sales year ended                                                                                         percentage change
(dollars in millions)                              february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022                 fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
net sales                                          $30,581.6                        $28,318.2                        $26,309.8               8.0                              %
comparable store net sales change         4.6                      %       5.9                      %       1.1                      %
the increase in net sales from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was a result of the comparable store net sales increases in the dollar tree and family dollar segments, and net sales of $1,184.5 million at non-comparable stores. the 53rd week in fiscal 2023 accounted for $559.3 million of the total net sales increase.
enterprise comparable store net sales increased 4.6% in fiscal 2023, as a result of a 5.4% increase in customer traffic, partially offset by a 0.8% decrease in average ticket. this increase is based on a 53-week comparison for both periods. comparable store net sales increased 5.8% in the dollar tree segment and increased 3.2% in the family dollar segment.
gross profit year ended                                                                                         percentage change
(dollars in millions)                  february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022                 fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
gross profit                           $9,309.6                         $8,921.9                         $7,725.9                4.3                              %
gross profit margin           30.4                     %       31.5                     %       29.4                     %                (1.1)                   %
the decrease in gross profit margin from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was a result of the net of the following:
•shrink costs increased approximately 55 basis points primarily due to unfavorable physical inventory results.
•distribution costs increased approximately 40 basis points primarily due to a higher amount of costs capitalized during the prior year resulting from increasing inventory levels in both the dollar tree and family dollar segments during that period, and higher distribution center payroll costs recognized during the current year in the dollar tree segment.
•merchandise cost, which includes freight, increased approximately 30 basis points primarily due to re-investment in value-product assortments during the current year after transitioning to the $1.25 price point during the prior year at dollar tree, and cost increases due to inflation; as well as higher sales of lower margin consumable merchandise, partially offset by lower freight costs.
•markdowns increased approximately 15 basis points primarily due to $80.6 million of inventory reserves for the approximately 600 family dollar stores that are projected to close in the first half of fiscal 2024 as a result of the store portfolio optimization review. this increase was partially offset by increased markdown allowances on the family dollar segment and higher clearance markdowns during the prior year on the dollar tree segment in connection with the transition to a higher value assortment at the $1.25 price point.
•occupancy costs decreased approximately 30 basis points primarily due to leverage from the comparable store net sales increase and leverage from the 53rd week of sales in the current year.
we expect continued pressure on gross profit margin due to unfavorable shrink results in the near term.
selling, general and administrative expenses year ended                                                                                                         percentage change
(dollars in millions)                              february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022                       fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
selling, general and administrative                $10,213.6                        $6,699.1                         $5,925.9                                          52.5           %
expenses selling, general and administrative       33.4                     %       23.6                     %       22.5                     %                                  9.8           %
expense rate the increase in the selling, general and administrative expense rate from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to a $1,069.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge, a $950.0 million non-cash trade name impairment charge, and a $503.9 million non-cash store asset impairment charge recorded in fiscal 2023 as further discussed in note 15 and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements. all of the impairment charges were in the family dollar reporting unit with the exception of $10.8 million of store asset impairment charges in the dollar tree reporting unit. in addition, there were $56.7 million in dc 202-related litigation charges in the family dollar reporting unit during fiscal 2023. excluding the goodwill, trade name, and store asset impairment charges and the dc 202-related litigation charges noted above, the selling, general and administrative expense rate increased 125 basis points in fiscal 2023 as a result of the following:
•payroll expenses increased approximately 70 basis points primarily due to wage investments and minimum wage increases in store payroll, partially offset by leverage from the comparable store net sales increase.
•other selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately 40 basis points primarily due to unfavorable development of general liability claims, increases in professional fees, and higher information technology system costs, partially offset by family dollars' prior year long-lived asset impairments. during fiscal 2023, general liability claims began to develop and pay out at amounts significantly higher than anticipated. as a result, we increased our actuarially determined general liability accruals which led to an approximately 25 basis point increase in our general liability expenses. see the "critical accounting estimates and assumptions" later in this "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for more information on the calculation of our self-insurance liabilities.
•store facility costs increased approximately 10 basis points primarily due to higher repairs and maintenance expenses as we focus on store conditions for our customers and associates, partially offset by leverage from the comparable store net sales increase.
•depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately 5 basis points primarily due to capital expenditures related to store renovations and improvements, partially offset by leverage from the comparable store net sales increase and leverage from the 53rd week of sales in the current year.
operating income (loss)
year ended                                                                                percentage change
(dollars in millions)                  february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022        fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
operating income (loss)                $(881.8)                         $2,236.3                         $1,811.4                (139.4)                 %
operating income (loss) margin         (2.9)           %       7.9                      %       6.9                      %       (10.8)                  %
operating income (loss) margin decreased to (2.9)% in fiscal 2023 compared to 7.9% in fiscal 2022, resulting from the decrease in gross profit margin and the increase in the selling, general and administrative expense rate, as described above. excluding the goodwill, trade name, and store asset impairment charges and the dc 202-related litigation charges, operating income margin decreased 210 basis points in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022.
interest expense, net year ended                                                                                percentage change
(dollars in millions)         february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022        fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
interest expense, net         $106.8                           $125.3                           $178.9                  (14.8)                  %
interest expense, net decreased $18.5 million in fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year, resulting from higher interest income on investments.
provision for income taxes year ended                                                                                percentage change
(dollars in millions)            february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022        fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
provision for income taxes       $9.7                             $495.2                           $304.3                  (98.0)                  %
effective tax rate               (1.0)           %       23.5                     %       18.6                     %       (24.5)                  %
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was (1.0)% compared to 23.5% for fiscal 2022, resulting primarily from the current year goodwill impairment charge which is not tax deductible.
segment information we operate more than 16,700 retail discount stores in 48 states and five canadian provinces. our operations are conducted in two reporting business segments: dollar tree and family dollar. we define our segments as those operations whose results our chief operating decision maker ("codm") regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources.
we measure the results of our segments using, among other measures, each segment's net sales, gross profit and operating income (loss). the codm reviews these metrics for each of our reporting segments. we may revise the measurement of each segment's operating income (loss), as determined by the information regularly reviewed by the codm. if the measurement of a segment changes, prior period amounts and balances are reclassified to be comparable to the current period's presentation. corporate, support and other consists primarily of store support center costs and the results of operations for our summit pointe property in chesapeake, virginia that are considered shared services and therefore these selling, general and administrative costs are excluded from our two reporting business segments. the family dollar segment operating income (loss) includes advertising revenue, which is a component of "other revenue" in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
dollar tree the following table summarizes the operating results of the dollar tree segment:
year ended                            percentage change
(dollars in millions)                       february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022                  fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
net sales                                  $16,770.3                        $15,405.7                        $13,922.1                                      8.9           %
gross profit                                 6,008.9                          5,775.5                          4,603.6                                      4.0           %
gross profit margin                             35.8       %                     37.5       %                     33.1       %                            (1.7)           %
operating income                            $2,278.8                         $2,536.0                         $1,607.0                                   (10.1)           %
operating income margin                         13.6       %                     16.5       %                     11.5       %                            (2.9)           %
net sales for the dollar tree segment increased $1,364.6 million, or 8.9%, in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due to an increase in comparable store net sales of 5.8%, and net sales of $467.1 million from non-comparable stores. the 53rd week in fiscal 2023 accounted for $307.0 million of the total net sales increase. customer traffic increased 7.4% and average ticket decreased 1.5% in fiscal 2023 based on a 53-week comparison for both periods.
gross profit margin for the dollar tree segment decreased to 35.8% in fiscal 2023 from 37.5% in fiscal 2022. the decrease is due to the net of the following:
•merchandise cost, which includes freight, increased approximately 85 basis points primarily due to re-investment in value-product assortments during the current year after transitioning to the $1.25 price point during the prior year and cost increases due to inflation; as well as higher sales of lower margin consumable merchandise, partially offset by lower freight costs.
•distribution costs increased approximately 65 basis points primarily due to a higher amount of costs capitalized during the prior year resulting from increasing inventory levels during that period, and higher distribution center payroll costs recognized during the current year.
•shrink costs increased approximately 55 basis points primarily due to unfavorable physical inventory results.
•markdowns decreased approximately 5 basis points primarily due to higher clearance markdowns during the prior year in connection with the transition to a higher value assortment at the $1.25 price point.
•occupancy costs decreased approximately 30 basis points primarily due to leverage from the comparable store net sales increase and leverage from the 53rd week of sales in the current year.
operating income margin for the dollar tree segment decreased to 13.6% in fiscal 2023 from 16.5% in fiscal 2022 as a result of the gross profit margin decrease noted above and an increase in the selling, general and administrative expense rate. the selling, general and administrative expense rate increased to 22.2% in fiscal 2023 compared to 21.0% in fiscal 2022 as a result of the following:
•payroll expenses increased approximately 65 basis points primarily due to wage investments and minimum wage increases in store payroll, partially offset by leverage from the comparable store net sales increase.
•other selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately 30 basis points primarily due to unfavorable development of general liability claims. during fiscal 2023, general liability claims began to develop and pay out at amounts significantly higher than anticipated. as a result, we increased our actuarially determined general liability accruals which led to an approximately 25 basis point increase in our general liability expenses. see the "critical accounting estimates and assumptions" later in this "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for more information on the calculation of our self-insurance liabilities.
•store facility costs increased approximately 25 basis points primarily due to higher repairs and maintenance expenses as we focus on store conditions for our customers and associates, partially offset by leverage from the comparable store net sales increase.
•depreciation and amortization expense was unchanged as a percentage of total revenue, as capital expenditures related to store renovations and improvements were offset by leverage from the comparable store net sales increase and leverage from the 53rd week of sales in the current year.
family dollar the following table summarizes the operating results of the family dollar segment:
year ended                            percentage change
(dollars in millions)                                february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022                  fiscal 2023 vs. fiscal 2022
net sales                                           $13,811.3                        $12,912.5                        $12,387.7                                      7.0           %
gross profit                                          3,300.7                          3,146.4                          3,122.3                                      4.9           %
gross profit margin                    23.9                         %                     24.4       %                     25.2       %                            (0.5)           %
operating income (loss)                            $(2,663.5)                           $127.5                           $543.1                                (2,189.0)           %
operating income (loss) margin                         (19.3)       %                      1.0       %                      4.4       %                           (20.3)           %
net sales for the family dollar segment increased $898.8 million, or 7.0%, in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due to a comparable store net sales increase of 3.2%, and net sales of $717.5 million at non-comparable stores. the 53rd week in fiscal 2023 accounted for $252.3 million of the total net sales increase. customer traffic increased 2.5% and average ticket increased 0.7% in fiscal 2023 based on a 53-week comparison for both periods.
gross profit margin for the family dollar segment decreased to 23.9% in fiscal 2023 compared to 24.4% in fiscal 2022. the decrease is due to the net of the following:
•shrink costs increased approximately 60 basis points primarily due to unfavorable physical inventory results.
•markdowns increased approximately 35 basis points primarily resulting from $80.6 million of inventory reserves for the approximately 600 family dollar stores that are projected to close in the first half of fiscal 2024 as a result of the store portfolio optimization review. this increase was partially offset by increased markdown allowances.
•distribution costs increased approximately 10 basis points primarily due to a higher amount of costs capitalized in the prior year resulting from increasing inventory levels during that period.
•occupancy costs decreased approximately 25 basis points primarily due to leverage from the comparable store net sales increase and leverage from the 53rd week of sales in the current year.
•merchandise cost, which includes freight, decreased approximately 30 basis points primarily due to lower freight costs, partially offset by cost increases and higher sales of lower margin consumable merchandise.
operating income (loss) margin for the family dollar segment decreased to (19.3)% in fiscal 2023 from 1.0% in fiscal 2022 resulting from the gross profit margin decrease noted above and an increase in the selling, general and administrative expense rate. the selling, general and administrative expense rate increased to 43.2% in fiscal 2023 from 23.4% in fiscal 2022 primarily due to a $1,069.0 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge, a $950.0 million non-cash trade name impairment charge, and a $493.1 million non-cash store asset impairment charge recorded in fiscal 2023 as further discussed in note 15 and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements. in addition, there were $56.7 million in dc 202-related litigation charges in the family dollar reporting unit during fiscal 2023. excluding the goodwill, trade name, and store asset impairment charges and the dc 202-related litigation charges noted above, the selling, general and administrative expense rate increased 120 basis points in fiscal 2023 as a result of the following:
•payroll expenses increased approximately 75 basis points primarily due to wage investments and minimum wage increases in store payroll.
•store facility costs increased approximately 30 basis points primarily due to an increase in repairs and maintenance expenses as we focus on store conditions for our customers and associates, partially offset by higher costs in the prior year associated with a product recall related to issues at dc 202.
•other selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately 10 basis points primarily due to unfavorable development of general liability claims, partially offset by prior year long-lived asset impairments. during fiscal 2023, general liability claims began to develop and pay out at amounts significantly higher than anticipated. as a result, we increased our actuarially determined general liability accruals which led to an approximately 20 basis point increase in our general liability expenses. see the "critical accounting estimates and assumptions" later in this "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for more information on the calculation of our self-insurance liabilities.
•depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately 5 basis points primarily due to capital expenditures related to store renovations and improvements, partially offset by leverage from the comparable store net sales increase and leverage from the 53rd week of sales in the current year.
liquidity and capital resources we invest capital to build and open new stores, expand and renovate existing stores, enhance and grow our distribution network, operate our existing stores, maintain and upgrade our technology, and support our other strategic initiatives. our working capital requirements for existing stores are seasonal in nature and typically reach their peak in the months of september and october. we have satisfied our seasonal working capital requirements for existing and new stores and have funded our distribution network programs and other capital projects from internally generated funds and borrowings under our credit facilities and commercial paper program.
the following table compares cash flow-related information for the years ended february 3, 2024, january 28, 2023 and january 29, 2022:
year ended
(in millions)                               february 3, 2024                 january 28, 2023                 january 29, 2022
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                        $2,684.5                         $1,614.8                         $1,431.5
investing activities                       (2,107.6)                        (1,253.8)                        (1,019.9)
financing activities                         (530.0)                          (686.8)                          (836.5)
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $1,069.7 million in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to improving inventory levels, partially offset by lower current year earnings, net of non-cash items. inventory decreased $335.6 million during fiscal 2023 compared to an increase of $1,085.4 million during fiscal 2022.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased $853.8 million in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 due to higher capital expenditures in the current year.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities decreased $156.8 million in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to lower payments for stock repurchases in the current year.
for detail on our long-term and short-term borrowings and other commitments, refer to the discussion of "funding requirements" below, as well as note 5 and note 6 to our consolidated financial statements.
share repurchases we repurchased 3,905,599, 4,613,696 and 9,156,898 shares of common stock on the open market in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively, for $504.3 million, $647.5 million and $950.0 million, respectively. at february 3, 2024, we had $1.35 billion remaining under our existing $2.5 billion board repurchase authorization.
funding requirements we expect our cash needs for opening new stores and expanding existing stores in fiscal 2024 to total approximately $650.0 million to $675.0 million, which includes capital expenditures, initial inventory and pre-opening costs. our total estimated capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 are approximately $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion, including planned expenditures for our new and expanded stores, store renovations, supply chain and information technology investments, and other property improvements. we believe that we can adequately fund our working capital requirements and planned capital expenditures for the foreseeable future from net cash provided by operations, our commercial paper program and borrowings under our credit facilities.
our material contractual obligations consist of long-term and short-term borrowings and related interest payments and operating lease obligations. additionally, we have commitments related to ocean shipping contracts, software license and support agreements, telecommunication services and store technology assets and maintenance for our stores. other commitments include letters of credit for imported merchandise, standby letters of credit that serve as collateral for our large-deductible insurance programs and surety bonds that serve as collateral for utility payments at our stores and self-insured insurance programs. for additional information regarding these obligations, including amounts outstanding at february 3, 2024, refer to note 5, note 6 and note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). to prepare these financial statements, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. our estimates are often based on complex judgments, probabilities and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. it is also possible that other professionals, applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances, could develop and support a range of alternative estimated amounts. actual results could be significantly different from these estimates. following is a discussion of the estimates that we consider critical.
inventory valuation as discussed in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption "merchandise inventories," inventories at the distribution centers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost determined on a weighted-average basis. cost is assigned to store inventories using the retail inventory method on a weighted-average basis. under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross margins are computed by applying a calculated cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories. the retail inventory method is an averaging method that is widely used in the retail industry and results in valuing inventories at lower of cost or market when markdowns are taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories on a timely basis.
inventory valuation methods require certain management estimates and judgments, including estimates of future merchandise markdowns and shrink, which significantly affect the ending inventory valuation at cost as well as the resulting gross margins. the averaging required in applying the retail inventory method and the estimates of shrink and markdowns could, under certain circumstances, result in costs not being recorded in the proper period.
we estimate our markdown reserve based on the consideration of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, quantities of slow moving or seasonal carryover merchandise on hand, historical markdown statistics and future merchandising plans. the accuracy of our estimates can be affected by many factors, some of which are outside of our control, including changes in economic conditions and consumer buying trends. historically, we have not experienced significant differences in our estimated reserve for markdowns compared with actual results.
our accrual for shrink is based on the shrink results of our most recent physical inventories adjusted, if necessary, for current economic conditions and business trends. these estimates are compared to actual results as physical inventory counts are taken and reconciled to the general ledger. our physical inventory counts are generally taken between january and october of each year; therefore, the shrink accrual recorded at february 3, 2024 is based on estimated shrink for most of fiscal 2023, including the fourth quarter. we periodically adjust our shrink estimates to reflect our best estimates based on the factors described and, historically, these adjustments have not been material.
our management believes that our application of the retail inventory method results in an inventory valuation that reasonably approximates cost and results in carrying inventory at the lower of cost or market each year on a consistent basis.
self-insurance liabilities the liabilities related to our self-insurance programs for workers' compensation, general liability and auto are estimates that require judgment and the use of assumptions. semiannually, we obtain third-party actuarial valuations to aid in valuing these liabilities and in determining the amount to accrue during the year. these actuarial valuations are estimates based on our claims experience for current and prior periods, exposure and severity factors, historical loss development factors, and other actuarial assumptions and the related accruals are adjusted as management's estimates change.
management's estimate for self-insurance liabilities could vary from the ultimate loss sustained given the difficulty in predicting future events; however, historically, the net total of these differences has not had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. our self-insurance liabilities associated with workers' compensation, general liability and auto are recorded within "other current liabilities" and "other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheets and amounted to $363.5 million and $318.2 million at february 3, 2024 and january 28, 2023, respectively. the increase was primarily due to general liability claims beginning to develop and pay out at amounts significantly higher than anticipated, resulting in higher actuarially determined accruals.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at their fair values. these assets are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. a more frequent evaluation is performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred. such events or circumstances could include, but are not limited to, significant negative industry or economic trends, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment and a significant sustained decline in the market price of our stock.
for purposes of our goodwill impairment evaluation, the reporting units are family dollar, dollar tree and dollar tree canada. goodwill has been assigned to the reporting units based on prior business combinations related to the brands. we have the option to initially perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount. alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. in connection with the fiscal 2023 annual impairment evaluation, management's qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the family dollar reporting unit was less than its carrying value. there were no indicators that the fair value of the dollar tree or dollar tree canada reporting units were less than their carrying value. therefore, management performed a quantitative assessment of both the family dollar goodwill and trade name.
we estimate the fair value using a combination of a market multiple method and a discounted cash flow method. under the market multiple approach, we estimate a fair value based on comparable companies' market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and adjusted for a control premium. under the discounted cash flow approach, we project future cash flows which are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital analysis that reflects current market conditions, adjusted for specific reporting unit risks (primarily the uncertainty of achieving projected operating cash flows), in arriving at the fair value of the reporting unit. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
the family dollar goodwill and trade name comprise a substantial portion of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and management's judgment utilized in the family dollar goodwill and trade name impairment evaluations is critical. the computations require management to make estimates and assumptions and actual results may differ significantly, particularly if there are significant adverse changes in the operating environment. critical assumptions that are used as part of a quantitative family dollar goodwill evaluation include:
•the potential future revenue, ebitda and cash flows of the reporting unit. the projections use management's assumptions about economic and market conditions over the projected period as well as our estimates of future performance and reporting unit revenue, gross margin, expenses and other factors. the resulting revenue, ebitda and cash flow estimates are based on our most recent business operating plans, and various growth rates are assumed for years beyond the current business plan period. these operating plans include anticipated investments in associate wages, improved store execution, enhanced safety and working conditions, increased supply chain efficiencies, competitive pricing, and enhancements to our technology infrastructure. we believe that the assumptions, estimates and rates used in our fiscal 2023 impairment evaluations are reasonable; however, variations in the assumptions, estimates and rates could result in significantly different estimates of fair value.
•selection of an appropriate discount rate. calculating the present value of future cash flows requires the selection of an appropriate discount rate, which is based on a weighted-average cost of capital analysis. the discount rate is affected by changes in short-term interest rates and long-term yield as well as variances in the typical capital structure of marketplace participants. given current economic conditions, it is possible that the discount rate will fluctuate in the near term. we engaged third party experts to assist in the determination of the weighted-average cost of capital used to discount the cash flows for our family dollar reporting unit. the weighted-average cost of capital used to discount the cash flows for our evaluation was 10.5% for our fiscal 2023 analysis.
our evaluation of goodwill resulted in an impairment charge of $1,069.0 million in fiscal 2023 related to the family dollar reporting unit. our evaluation of goodwill did not result in impairment charges being recorded in fiscal 2022 or fiscal 2021. the fiscal 2023 goodwill impairment was driven primarily by the family dollar reporting unit's below plan performance, management's store portfolio optimization review and the continued refinement of our transformational strategies which impact long-term growth rates between the segments.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as the family dollar trade name, are not subject to amortization but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment evaluations are performed by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets to their carrying values. we estimate the fair value of our trade name intangible asset based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method. this approach is dependent upon a number of factors, including estimates of future growth and trends, royalty rates, discount rates and other variables. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain. the discount rate includes a premium compared to the discount rate used for the family dollar goodwill impairment evaluation due to the inherently higher risk profile of intangible assets compared to the overall reporting unit.
our evaluation of the family dollar trade name resulted in an impairment charge of $950.0 million in fiscal 2023. our evaluation of the family dollar trade name did not result in impairment charges being recorded during fiscal 2022 or fiscal 2021. the fiscal 2023 trade name impairment was driven primarily by a decrease in the royalty rate assumption based on lower future growth rates and operating income margin assumptions for the family dollar reporting unit.
for additional information related to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including the related impairment evaluations, refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption "goodwill and nonamortizing intangible assets" and note 15. for additional information related to uncertainties associated with the key assumptions and any potential events and/or circumstances that could have a negative effect on the key assumptions, please refer to "item 1a. risk factors" and elsewhere within this "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." if our assumptions and related estimates change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges against earnings in future periods. any impairment charges that we may take in the future could be material to our results of operations and financial condition.
summary of significant accounting policies refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies and our assessment of recently issued accounting standards.
