item 1a. risk factors.
the following are important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this form 10-k. see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" set forth above.
we may also refer to this disclosure to identify factors that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed in other forward-looking statements including those made in oral presentations, including telephone conferences and/or webcasts open to the public.
economic & operational risks our results are impacted by general worldwide economic factors.
over the past year, global interest rates aimed at curbing inflation, as well as implications of geopolitical situations in europe, the middle east and china, have resulted in economic and demand uncertainty. previously, the covid pandemic, geopolitical instability and other global events have resulted in supply chain challenges, inflation, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, and volatility in global capital markets, which have affected our business and could have a material adverse impact on our business in the future. countries such as argentina and turkey have experienced economic upheaval and similar upheaval in other countries with ecolab operations could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows by negatively impacting economic activity, including in our key end-markets, and by further weakening the local currency versus the u.s. dollar, resulting in reduced sales and earnings from our foreign operations, which are generated in the local currency, and then translated to u.s. dollars.
our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve.
economic downturns, and in particular downturns in our larger markets including the foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, refining, pulp and paper, mining and steel industries, can adversely impact our customers, and we may find it difficult to restore margins by maintaining pricing due to easing inflation from slowing economic growth. recently, the war and energy crisis in europe have resulted in a more challenging macroeconomic environment with significantly impacted costs and demand. previously, the covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted the demand for our products and services provided to customers in the full-service restaurant, hospitality, lodging and entertainment industries. in prior years, a weaker global economic environment has also negatively impacted certain of our other end-markets. during these periods of weaker economic activity, our customers and potential customers may reduce or discontinue their volume of purchases of cleaning and sanitizing products and water treatment and process chemicals, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows.
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability.
we have significant operations outside the united states, including joint ventures and other alliances. we conduct business in more than 170 countries and, in 2023, approximately 47% of our net sales originated outside the united states. there are inherent risks in our international operations, including:
●   exchange controls and currency restrictions;

●   currency fluctuations and devaluations;

●   tariffs and trade barriers;

●   export duties and quotas;

●   changes in the availability and pricing of raw materials, energy and utilities;

●   changes in local economic conditions;

●   changes in laws and regulations, including the imposition of economic or trade sanctions affecting international commercial transactions;

●   difficulties in managing international operations and the burden of complying with international and foreign laws;

●   requirements to include local ownership or management in our business;

●   economic and business objectives that differ from those of our joint venture partners;

●   exposure to possible expropriation, nationalization or other government actions;

●   restrictions on our ability to repatriate dividends from our subsidiaries;

●   unsettled political conditions, military action, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war or other armed conflict, including the russian invasion of ukraine, the israel-hamas conflict and other hostilities in the middle east; and

●   countries whose governments have been hostile to u.s.-based businesses.

following russia's invasion of ukraine and the united states' and other countries' sanctions against russia, we have limited our russian business to operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage and certain water businesses, and we may further narrow our presence in russia depending on developments in the conflict or otherwise. while our operations in russia and areas experiencing conflict are not material to our business and financial results, the escalation of these conflicts may also heighten many other risks disclosed in our report on form 10-k, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including increased inflation, constraints on the availability of commodities, supply chain disruption and decreased business spending; disruptions to our or our business partners' global technology infrastructure, including through cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; claims, litigation and regulatory enforcement; our ability to implement and execute
16
our business strategy; terrorist activities; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; reputational risk; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets.
additionally, changes in u.s. or foreign government policy on international trade, including the imposition or continuation of tariffs, could materially and adversely affect our business. in 2018, the u.s. imposed tariffs on certain imports from china and other countries, resulting in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. while the u.s. and china signed a phase one trade agreement in january 2020, which included the suspension and rollback of tariffs, the chips and science act of 2022 with objectives including countering china's technical ambitions was signed into law in august 2022. any new tariffs or policies imposed by the u.s., china or other countries or any additional retaliatory measures by any of these countries, could increase our costs, reduce our sales and earnings or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operations.
further, our operations outside the united states require us to comply with a number of united states and non-u.s. laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act, as well as u.s. and non-u.s. economic sanctions regulations. we have internal policies and procedures relating to such laws and regulations; however, there is risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the misconduct or reckless acts of employees or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. violations of such laws and regulations could result in disruptive investigations, significant fines and sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
also, because of uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of laws and regulations and the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights, we face risks in some countries that our intellectual property rights and contract rights would not be enforced by local governments. we are also periodically faced with the risk of economic uncertainty, which has impacted our business in some countries. other risks in international business also include difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, including managing credit risk to local customers and distributors.
our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal and political conditions. we may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we do business, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
we may experience business disruption if we fail to execute organizational change and management transitions.
our continued success will depend on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities, to drive business growth, development and profitability. our operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason we are unable to successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels.
we are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security.
we rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. the size and complexity of our information technology systems and those of strategic vendors make them vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and random attack. acquisitions have resulted in further de-centralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. likewise, data security breaches by employees or others with permitted access to our systems or to the systems of strategic vendors pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as russia's invasion of ukraine, may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. while we have continually matured our security program and capabilities and have had no material incidents to date, cyber threats continue to evolve and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent cybersecurity attacks or breaches in our systems or in the systems of strategic vendors, including cloud providers, that could cause reputational damage, business disruption or legal and regulatory costs; could result in third-party claims; could result in compromise or misappropriation of our intellectual property, trade secrets or sensitive information; or could otherwise materially adversely affect our business, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. a breach of those remote monitoring systems could expose customer data giving rise to potential third-party claims and reputational damage. there may be other related challenges and risks as we complete implementation of our erp system upgrade.
our results could be materially and adversely affected by difficulties in securing the supply of certain raw materials or by fluctuations in the cost of raw materials.
the prices of raw materials used in our business fluctuate, and in recent years we have experienced periods of significant increased raw material costs. changes in raw material prices, unavailability of adequate and reasonably priced raw materials or substitutes for those raw materials, or the inability to obtain or renew supply agreements on favorable terms has materially and adversely affected our business and can in the future materially and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. in addition, volatility and disruption in economic activity and conditions could disrupt or delay the performance of our suppliers and thus impact our ability to obtain raw materials at favorable prices or on favorable terms, which may materially and adversely affect our business.
17
severe public health outbreaks not limited to covid-19 may adversely impact our business.
the covid-19 pandemic had a rapid and significant negative impact on the global economy, including a significant downturn in the foodservice, hospitality and travel industries. measures taken to alleviate the pandemic (such as stay-at-home orders and other responsive measures) significantly impacted our restaurant and hospitality customers and negatively affected demand for our products and services in these segments, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. besides the covid-19 pandemic, the united states and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, public health outbreaks such as zika virus, avian flu, sars and h1n1 influenza. a prolonged occurrence of a contagious disease such as these could result in a significant downturn in the foodservice, hospitality and travel industries and also may result in health or other government authorities imposing restrictions on travel further impacting our end markets. any of these events could result in a significant drop in demand for some of our products and services and materially and adversely affect our business.
strategic risks if we are unsuccessful in integrating acquisitions our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we seek to acquire complementary businesses as part of our long-term strategy. there can be no assurance that we will find attractive acquisition candidates or succeed at effectively managing the integration of acquired businesses, including purolite, which operates in the highly regulated life sciences, pharma and biopharma industries and has extensive international operations which complicate integration execution. if the underlying business performance of such acquired businesses deteriorates, the expected synergies from such transactions do not materialize or we fail to successfully integrate new businesses into our existing businesses, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
if we are unsuccessful in executing on key business initiatives, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we continue to execute key business initiatives as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. in particular, we are making supply chain investments to secure supply and add new capacity in our life sciences business. additionally, we are continuing implementation of our erp system upgrades, which are expected to continue in phases over the next several years. these upgrades, which include sales, supply chain and certain finance functions, are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. these upgrades involve complex business process design and a failure of certain of these processes could result in business disruption. we are also undertaking the combined program focused on optimizing the cost structure of our business in europe and our institutional and healthcare businesses, which is discussed along with other restructuring activities under note 3 of this form 10-k. if the projects in which we are investing or the initiatives which we are pursuing are not successfully executed, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could materially and adversely be affected.
our growth depends upon our ability to compete successfully with respect to value, innovation and customer support.
we have numerous global, national, regional and local competitors. our ability to compete depends in part on providing high quality and high value-added products, technology and service. we must also continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, profitable and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. we have made significant investments in commercial digital product offerings, and our culture and expertise must continue to evolve to develop, support and profitably deploy commercial digital offerings, which are becoming an increasingly important part of our business. there can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish our technology development goals or that technological developments by our competitors, including in the area of artificial intelligence, will not place certain of our products, technology or services at a competitive disadvantage in the future. in addition, certain of the new products that we have under development will be offered in markets in which we do not currently compete, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in those new markets. if we fail to introduce new technologies or commercialize our digital offerings on a timely and profitable basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
consolidation of our customers and vendors could materially and adversely affect our results.
customers and vendors in the foodservice, hospitality, travel, healthcare, energy, life sciences, food processing and pulp and paper industries, as well as other industries we serve, have consolidated in recent years and that trend may continue. this consolidation could have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain customers and on our pricing, margins and consolidated results of operations.
we enter into multi-year contracts with customers that could impact our results.
our multi-year contracts with some of our customers include terms affecting our pricing flexibility. there can be no assurance that these restraints will not have a material adverse impact on our margins and consolidated results of operations.
legal, regulatory & compliance risks our business depends on our ability to comply with laws and governmental regulations and meet our contractual commitments and failure to do so could materially and adversely impact our business; and we may be materially and adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations.
our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the environment, including evolving climate change standards, and to the manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and use of our products as well as to the conduct of our business generally, including
18
employment and labor laws and anti-corruption laws. furthermore, increasing public and governmental awareness and concern regarding the effects of climate change has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions and will likely result in further environmental and climate change laws and regulations. compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to potential financial liability and increases our operating costs. a violation of these laws and regulations could expose us to financial liability that may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. regulation of our products and operations continues to increase with more stringent standards, causing increased costs of operations and potential for liability if a violation occurs. the potential cost to us relating to environmental and product registration laws and regulations is uncertain due to factors such as the unknown magnitude and type of possible contamination and clean-up costs, the complexity and evolving nature of laws and regulations, and the timing and expense of compliance. changes to current laws (including tax laws), regulations and policies could impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. changes to labor and employment laws and regulations, as well as related rulings by courts and administrative bodies, could materially and adversely affect our operations and expose us to potential financial liability.
defense of litigation, particularly certain types of actions such as antitrust, patent infringement, personal injury, product liability, breach of contract, wage hour and class action lawsuits, can be costly and time consuming even if ultimately successful, and if not successful could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
a chemical spill or release could materially and adversely impact our business.
as a manufacturer and supplier of chemical products, there is a potential for chemicals to be accidentally spilled, released or discharged, either in liquid or gaseous form, during production, transportation, storage or use. such a release could result in environmental contamination as well as a human or animal health hazard. accordingly, such a release could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
potential indemnification liabilities pursuant to the separation and split-off of our upstream energy business could materially and adversely affect our business and financial statements.
with respect to the separation and subsequent split-off of our upstream energy business, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement with championx holding inc. and championx corporation (f/k/a apergy corporation and taken together with championx holding inc., "championx") as well as certain other agreements to govern the separation and related transactions and our relationship with championx going forward. these agreements provide for specific indemnity and certain other obligations of each party and could lead to disputes between championx and us. if we are required to indemnify championx under the circumstances set forth in these agreements, we may be subject to substantial related liabilities. in addition, with respect to the liabilities for which championx has agreed to indemnify us under these agreements, there can be no assurance that the indemnity rights we have against championx will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that championx will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. each of these risks could negatively affect our business and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
extraordinary events may significantly impact our business.
the occurrence of (a) litigation or claims, (b) the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor, (c) repeated or prolonged federal government shutdowns or similar events, (d) war (including acts of terrorism or hostilities which impact our markets), (e) natural or manmade disasters, (f) water shortages or (g) severe weather conditions affecting our operations or the energy, foodservice, hospitality and travel industries may have a material adverse effect on our business.
while we have a diverse customer base and no customer or distributor constitutes 10 percent or more of our consolidated revenues, we do have customers and independent, third-party distributors, the loss of which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows for the affected earnings periods.
government shutdowns can have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or cash flows by disrupting or delaying new product launches, renewals of registrations for existing products and receipt of import or export licenses for raw materials or products.
war (including acts of terrorism or hostilities), natural or manmade disasters, water shortages or severe weather conditions, including the effects of climate change, affecting the energy, foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, pulp and paper, mining, steel and other industries can cause a downturn in the business of our customers, which in turn can have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. in particular, the u.s. gulf coast is a region with significant refining, petrochemicals and chemicals operations which provide us raw materials, as well as being an important customer base for our water operating segment. hurricanes or other severe weather events impacting the gulf coast, such as the winter freeze in texas and the gulf coast in february 2021, can materially and adversely affect our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable cost, or at all, and could adversely affect our business with our customers in the region.
our commitments, goals, targets, objectives and initiatives related to sustainability, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks.
we have developed, and will continue to establish, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our sustainability goals in alignment with the united nations global compact's business ambition for 1.50c and our commitments to science-based targets addressing scope 1, 2 and 3 ghg emissions, discussed in item 1 of part i of this form 10-k, entitled "business."
19
achieving these goals and commitments will require evolving our business, capital investment and the development of technology that might not currently exist. we might incur additional expense or be required to recognize impairment charges in connection with our efforts. these commitments, goals, targets and other objectives reflect our current plans and there is no guarantee that they will be achieved. our efforts to research, establish, accomplish, and accurately report on these commitments, goals, targets, and objectives expose us to operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. our ability to achieve any stated commitment, goal, target, or objective is subject to factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control, including the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards.
our business may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, other stakeholders, regulators, and the media related to our sustainability activities, including our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. if our sustainability practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, or as an acquiror could be negatively impacted. similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental, or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to satisfy reporting standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have operational, reputational, financial and legal impacts.
financial risks if the separation and split-off of our upstream energy business or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the divestiture are determined to be taxable in whole or in part, we and our stockholders may incur significant tax liabilities.
in connection with the separation and split-off of our upstream energy business that was consummated on june 3, 2020, we obtained opinions of outside tax counsel that the related merger and exchange offer will qualify as tax-free transactions to us and our stockholders, except to the extent that cash was paid to ecolab stockholders in lieu of fractional shares. we have not sought or obtained a ruling from the internal revenue service ("irs") on the tax consequences of these transactions. an opinion of counsel is not binding on the irs or the courts, which may disagree with the opinion. even if the merger and exchange offer otherwise qualified as tax-free transactions, they may become taxable to us if certain events occur that affect either ecolab or championx corporation. while championx corporation has agreed not to take certain actions that could cause the transactions not to qualify as tax-free transactions and is generally obligated to indemnify us against any tax consequences if it breaches this agreement, the potential tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect on us if we were not entitled to indemnification or if the indemnification obligations were not fulfilled. if the merger or exchange offer were determined to be taxable, we could be subject to a substantial tax liability, and each u.s. holder of our common stock who participated in the exchange offer could be treated as exchanging the ecolab shares surrendered for championx corporation shares in a taxable transaction.
changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could materially and adversely affect the taxes we pay and our profitability.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and foreign jurisdictions, and our operations, plans and results are affected by tax and other initiatives around the world. we are also impacted by actions taken to tax-related matters by associations such as the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd"), which represents a coalition of member countries, and the european commission which influence tax policies in countries where we operate. in particular, the oecd is coordinating negotiations among more than 140 jurisdictions with the goal of achieving consensus on various substantial changes to the international tax framework, including a 15% global minimum taxation regime ("pillar two"). pillar two takes effect in several jurisdictions in which we operate starting in 2024 and will increase the burden and costs of our tax compliance. the company continues to monitor these legislative developments, but based on information available does not anticipate material impacts to the 2024 financial statements. in addition, we are impacted by settlements of pending or any future adjustments proposed by the irs or other taxing authorities in connection with our tax audits, all of which will depend on their timing, nature and scope. increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
future events may impact our deferred tax position, including the utilization of foreign tax credits and undistributed earnings of international affiliates that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
we evaluate the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the need for deferred tax liabilities based on available evidence. this process involves significant management judgment about assumptions that are subject to change from period to period based on changes in tax laws or variances between future projected operating performance and actual results. we are required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if we determine, based on available evidence at the time the determination is made, that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this determination, we evaluate all positive and negative evidence as of the end of each reporting period. future adjustments (either increases or decreases), to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance are determined based upon changes in the expected realization of the net deferred tax assets. the realization of the deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carry-back or carry-forward periods under the tax law. due to significant estimates used to establish the valuation allowance and the potential for changes in facts and circumstances, it is reasonably possible that we will be required to record adjustments to the valuation allowance in future reporting periods. changes to the valuation allowance or the amount of deferred tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. further, should we change our assertion regarding the permanent reinvestment of the undistributed earnings of international affiliates, a deferred tax liability may need to be established.
20
our indebtedness may limit our operations and our use of our cash flow, and any failure to comply with the covenants that apply to our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial statements.
as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $8.2 billion in outstanding indebtedness, with approximately $1.5 billion in the form of floating rate debt. our debt level and related debt service obligations may have negative consequences, including:
●   requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes such as acquisitions and capital investment;

●   reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions;

●   exposing us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates. for example, a one percentage point increase in the average interest rate on our floating rate debt at december 31, 2023 would increase future interest expense by approximately $15 million per year; and

●   increasing our cost of funds and materially and adversely affecting our liquidity and access to the capital markets should we fail to maintain the credit ratings assigned to us by independent rating agencies.

if we add new debt, the risks described above could increase.
we incur significant expenses related to the amortization of intangible assets and may be required to report losses resulting from the impairment of goodwill or other assets recorded in connection with the nalco and purolite transactions and other acquisitions.
we expect to continue to complete selected acquisitions and joint venture transactions in the future. in connection with acquisition and joint venture transactions, applicable accounting rules generally require the tangible and intangible assets of the acquired business to be recorded on the balance sheet of the acquiring company at their fair values. intangible assets other than goodwill are required to be amortized over their estimated useful lives and this expense may be significant. any excess in the purchase price paid by the acquiring company over the fair value of tangible and intangible assets of the acquired business is recorded as goodwill. if it is later determined that the anticipated future cash flows from the acquired business may be less than the carrying values of the assets and goodwill of the acquired business, the assets or goodwill may be deemed to be impaired. in this case, the acquiring company may be required under applicable accounting rules to write down the value of the assets or goodwill on its balance sheet to reflect the extent of the impairment. this write-down of assets or goodwill is generally recognized as a non-cash expense in the statement of operations of the acquiring company for the accounting period during which the write down occurs. as of december 31, 2023, we had goodwill of $8.1 billion which is maintained in various reporting units, including goodwill from the nalco and purolite transactions. if we determine that any of the assets or goodwill recorded in connection with the nalco and purolite transactions or any other prior or future acquisitions or joint venture transactions have become impaired, we will be required to record a loss resulting from the impairment. impairment losses could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following management discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. we provide quantitative information about the material sales drivers including the impact of changes in volume and pricing and the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and reportable segment level. we also provide quantitative information regarding special (gains) and charges, discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. such quantitative drivers are supported by comments meant to be qualitative in nature. qualitative factors are generally ordered based on estimated significance.
the discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k. our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. this discussion contains various non-gaap financial measures and also contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. we refer readers to the statements and information set forth in the sections entitled "non-gaap financial measures" at the end of this md&a, and "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" within items 1 and 1a of this form 10-k. we also refer readers to the tables within the section entitled "results of operations" of this md&a for reconciliation information of non-gaap measures to u.s. gaap.
comparability of results purolite acquisition in december 2021, we acquired purolite for total consideration of $3.7 billion in cash, net of cash acquired. purolite is a leading and fast-growing global provider of high-end ion exchange resins for the separation and purification of solutions for pharmaceutical and industrial applications. headquartered in king of prussia, pennsylvania, purolite operates in more than 30 countries. purolite is reported within our life sciences operating segment. acquisition and integration charges are recorded within special (gains) and charges. the 2021 impacts of the purolite acquisition including operating results, acquisition-related amortization and interest expense related to the transaction were also excluded from 2021 adjusted results.
impact of acquisitions and divestitures our non-gaap financial measures for organic sales, organic operating income and organic operating income margin are at fixed currency and exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges, the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition and the results of divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture. as part of the separation of championx in 2020, we entered into a master cross supply and product transfer agreement with championx to provide, receive or transfer certain products for a period of 36 months and for a small set of products with limited suppliers over the next few years. sales of product to championx under this agreement are recorded in product and equipment sales in the corporate segment along with the related cost of sales. these transactions are removed from the consolidated results as part of the calculation of the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.
comparability of reportable segments effective january 1, 2023, our former downstream operating segment is now part of the water operating segment. this change did not have any impact on the global industrial reportable segment.
fixed currency foreign exchange rates management evaluates the sales and operating income performance of our non-u.s. dollar functional currency international operations based on fixed currency exchange rates, which eliminate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our international operations. fixed currency amounts are updated annually at the beginning of each year based on translation into u.s. dollars at foreign currency exchange rates established by management, with all periods presented using such rates. public currency rate data provided within the "segment performance" section of this md&a reflect amounts translated at actual public average rates of exchange prevailing during the corresponding period and is provided for informational purposes only.
25
executive summary in 2023, we delivered high single digit sales growth as we continued strong pricing. our strong pricing offset continued delivered product cost increases. our team generated double-digit sales growth in institutional & specialty, high single digit sales growth in industrial, and other segments while healthcare and life sciences generated good sales growth. operating income grew by strong double digits, as strong pricing and cost savings initiatives overcame investments in the business and higher supply chain costs.
sales reported sales increased 8% to $15.3 billion in 2023 from $14.2 billion in 2022. when measured in fixed rates of foreign currency exchange, fixed currency sales increased 8% compared to the prior year. organic sales increased 9% compared to the prior year.
gross margin our reported gross margin was 40.2% of sales for 2023, compared to our 2022 reported gross margin of 37.8%. excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges included in cost of sales, our adjusted gross margin was 40.4% in 2023 and 38.2% in 2022. our gross profit increased as our strong pricing exceeded delivered product cost inflation.
operating income reported operating income increased 28% to $2.0 billion in 2023, compared to $1.6 billion in 2022. adjusted operating income, excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges increased 20% in 2023 as strong pricing overcame investments in the business including incentive compensation, unfavorable mix and higher supply chain costs. organic operating income increased 20% in 2023.
earnings from continuing operations attributable to ecolab per common share ("eps")
reported diluted eps increased 26% to $4.79 in 2023 compared to $3.81 in 2022. special (gains) and charges had an impact on both years. special (gains) and charges in 2023 were driven primarily by restructuring expense and 2022 was driven primarily by restructuring and pension settlement expense. adjusted diluted eps, which excludes the impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items increased 16% to $5.21 in 2023 compared to $4.49 in 2022 as our strong operating income performance was partially offset by foreign currency translation and increases in interest expense.
balance sheet we remain committed to maintaining "a" range ratings metrics over the long-term, supported by our current credit ratings of a-/a3/a- by standard & poor's, moody's investor services and fitch, respectively. our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates.
cash flow cash flow from operating activities was $2.4 billion in 2023 compared to $1.8 billion in 2022. we continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, investments in our business, acquisitions, debt repayments, pension obligations and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments.
dividends dividends declared per common share in 2023 was $2.16 per share. in december 2023 we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 8% to $0.57 per share, representing our 32nd consecutive annual dividend rate increase. we have paid cash dividends on our common shares for 87 consecutive years. our outstanding dividend history reflects our long-term growth and development, strong cash flows, solid financial position and confidence in our business prospects for the years ahead.
26
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. we have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements ("notes").
preparation of our consolidated financial statements, in conformity with u.s. gaap, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions to be made about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (2) different estimates that we reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition or results of operations.
besides estimates that meet the "critical" estimate criteria, we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. all estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues or expenses as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. estimates are based on experience and other information available prior to the issuance of the financial statements. materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known, even from estimates not deemed critical. our critical accounting estimates include the following:
revenue recognition revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods or providing service. revenue from product and sold equipment is recognized when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied, which generally occurs with the transfer of the product or delivery of the equipment. revenue from service and leased equipment is recognized when the services are provided, or the customer receives the benefit from the leased equipment, which is over time. service revenue is recognized over time utilizing an input method and aligns with when the services are provided. typically, revenue is recognized over time using costs incurred to date because the effort provided by the field selling and service organization represents services provided, which corresponds with the transfer of control. revenue for leased equipment is accounted for under topic 842 leases and recognized on a straight-line basis over the length of the lease contract.
our revenue policies do not provide for general rights of return. we record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements, promotions and other volume-based incentives based primarily on historical experience and anticipated performance over the contract period. depending on market conditions, we may increase customer incentive offerings, which could reduce gross profit margins over the term of the incentive. we also record estimated reserves for product returns and credits based on specific circumstances and credit conditions. we record an allowance for uncollectible accounts based on our estimates of expected future credit losses.
the revenue standard can be applied to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics if it is reasonable that the effects of applying the standard at the portfolio would not be significantly different than applying the standard at the individual contract level. we apply the portfolio approach primarily within each operating segment by geographical region. application of the portfolio approach was focused on those characteristics that have the most significant accounting consequences in terms of their effect on the timing of revenue recognition or the amount of revenue recognized. we determined the key criteria to assess with respect to the portfolio approach, including the related deliverables, the characteristics of the customers and the timing and transfer of goods and services, which most closely aligned within the operating segments. in addition, the accountability for the business operations, as well as the operational decisions on how to go to market and the product offerings, are performed at the operating segment level. for additional information on revenue recognition, refer to note 17.
litigation and environmental liabilities our business and operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal and the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. some risk of environmental liability is inherent in our operations.
we record liabilities related to pending litigation, environmental claims and other contingencies when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. estimates used to record such liabilities are based on our best estimate of probable future costs. we record the amounts that represent the points in the range of estimates that we believe are most probable or the minimum amount when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. potential insurance reimbursements generally are not anticipated in our accruals for environmental liabilities or other insured losses. expected insurance proceeds are recorded as receivables when recovery is deemed certain. while the final resolution of litigation and environmental contingencies could result in amounts different than current accruals, and therefore have an impact on our consolidated financial results in a future reporting period, we believe the ultimate outcome will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position. for additional information on our commitments and contingencies, refer to note 15.
27
actuarially determined liabilities pension and postretirement healthcare benefit plans the measurement of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations are dependent on a variety of assumptions determined by management and used by our actuaries in their valuations and calculations. these assumptions affect the amount and timing of future pension contributions, benefit payments and expense or income recognized.
the significant assumptions used in developing the required estimates are the discount rates, expected returns on assets, projected salary and health care cost increases and mortality tables.
●   the discount rate assumptions for our u.s. plans are assessed using a yield curve constructed from a subset of bonds yielding greater than the median return from a population of non-callable, corporate bonds that have an average rating of aa when averaging available moody's investor services, standard &amp; poor's and fitch ratings. the discount rates are calculated by matching each plans' projected cash flows to the bond yield curve. for 2023 and 2022, we measured service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans' liability cash flows. we believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans' liability cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. in determining our u.s. pension obligations for 2023, our weighted-average discount rate decreased to 4.95% from 5.17% at year-end 2022. in determining our u.s. postretirement health care obligation for 2023, our weighted-average discount rate decreased to 4.95% from 5.14% at year-end 2022.

●   the expected rate of return on plan assets reflects asset allocations, investment strategies and views of investment advisors, and represents our expected long-term return on plan assets. our weighted-average expected returns on u.s. plan assets used in determining the u.s. pension and u.s. postretirement health care expenses was 7.75% for 2023 and 7.00% for 2022 and 2021.

●   projected salary is based on our long-term actual experience, the near-term outlook and assumed inflation. our weighted-average projected salary increase used in determining the u.s. pension expenses was 4.03% for 2023, 2022 and 2021.

●   for postretirement benefit measurement purposes as of december 31, 2023, the annual rates of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care were assumed to be 7.46% for pre-65 costs. post-65 costs are no longer used. the rates are assumed to decrease each year until they reach 4.5% in 2034 and remain at those levels thereafter.

●   we use mortality tables appropriate in the circumstances, which generally are the recently available mortality tables as of the respective u.s. and international measurement dates. our year-end u.s. valuations reflect mortality tables that estimate the impacts of covid in an endemic state. this represents a change from prior year when the impact of covid on future mortality could not be reasonably estimated.

the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions, as well as changes in assumptions, are reflected in the unrecognized gains or losses and amortized into earnings in the future. significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect future pension and other postretirement obligations and income or expense. the unrecognized net losses on our u.s. qualified and non-qualified pension plans increased to $495 million as of december 31, 2023 from $412 million as of december 31, 2022 (both before tax), primarily due to lower actual return on assets partially offset by current year net actuarial gains.
the effect of a decrease in the discount rate or decrease in the expected return on assets assumption as of december 31, 2023, on the december 31, 2023 defined benefit obligation and 2024 expense is shown below, assuming no changes in benefit levels. expense amounts reflect the accounting for gains or losses as a component of other comprehensive income or expense and recognition of the impacts into earnings over time:

effect on u.s. pension plans increase in               higher assumption         recorded                  2024
(millions)                      change             obligation                expense discount rate                   -.25 pts                 $37.7                     $2.9
expected return on assets       -.25 pts                 n/a                       (4.7)

effect on u.s. postretirement health care benefits plans increase in              higher assumption         recorded                 2024
(millions)                      change             obligation               expense discount rate                   -.25 pts                 $2.3                     $-
expected return on assets       -.25 pts                 n/a                      -
28
our international pension obligations and underlying plan assets represent approximately one third of our global pension plans, with the majority of the amounts held in the u.k. and eurozone countries. we use assumptions similar to our u.s. plan assumptions to measure our international pension obligations, however, the assumptions used vary by country based on specific local country requirements and information.
refer to note 16 for further discussion concerning our accounting policies, estimates, funded status, contributions and overall financial positions of our pension and postretirement plan obligations.
self-insurance globally we have insurance policies with varying deductible levels for property and casualty losses. we are insured for losses in excess of these deductibles, subject to policy terms and conditions and have recorded both a liability and an offsetting receivable for amounts in excess of these deductibles. we are self-insured for health care claims for eligible participating employees, subject to certain deductibles and limitations. we determine our liabilities for claims on an actuarial basis.
income taxes judgment is required to determine the annual effective income tax rate, deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances recorded against net deferred tax assets and unrecognized tax benefits.
effective income tax rate our effective income tax rate is based on annual income, statutory tax rates and tax planning available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. our annual effective income tax rate includes the impact of unrecognized tax benefits. we recognize the amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. we adjust these liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits in light of changing facts and circumstances.
tax regulations require items to be included in our tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in our financial statements. as a result, the effective income tax rate reflected in our financial statements differs from that reported in our tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible on our tax return, and some are temporary differences, such as depreciation expense.
deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. based on the evaluation of available evidence, both positive and negative, we recognize tax assets, such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered to be more likely than not. relevant factors in determining the realizability of deferred tax assets include historical results, sources of future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversal of temporary differences, tax planning strategies and the expiration dates of the various tax attributes.
unrecognized tax benefits a number of years may elapse before a particular tax matter, for which we have established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, is audited and finally resolved. the number of tax years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the internal revenue service ("irs") has completed examinations of our u.s. federal income tax returns through 2016 and the years 2017 through 2020 are currently under audit. in addition to the u.s. federal examinations, we have ongoing audit activity in several u.s. state and foreign jurisdictions.
the tax positions we take are based on our interpretations of tax laws and regulations in the applicable federal, state and international jurisdictions. we believe our tax returns properly reflect the tax consequences of our operations, and our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits are appropriate and sufficient for the positions taken. because of the uncertainty of the final outcome of these examinations, we have established a liability for potential reductions of tax benefits (including related interest and penalties) for amounts that do not meet the more-likely-than-not thresholds for recognition and measurement as required by authoritative guidance. the liability for unrecognized tax benefits is reviewed throughout the year, taking into account new legislation, regulations, case law and audit results. settlement of any particular issue could result in offsets to other balance sheet accounts, cash payments or receipts and/or adjustments to tax expense. liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits are presented in the consolidated balance sheets within other non-current liabilities. our gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits was $24.2 million and $24.9 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. for additional information on income taxes refer to note 12.
29
long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill long-lived and amortizable intangible assets purchased long-lived and amortizable intangible assets not acquired as part of a business combination are recorded as of their acquisition date at cost, whereas long-lived and amortizable assets acquired as part of a business combination are recorded as of their acquisition date at their fair values based on the fair value requirements defined in u.s. gaap. this requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions relating to the present value of its future cash flows, such as growth rates, royalty rates or discount rates.
we review our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets, the net value of which was $6.3 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, for impairment when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. such circumstances may include a significant decrease in the market price of an asset or asset group, a significant adverse change in the manner in which asset or asset groups are being used or history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset or asset group. impairment losses could occur when the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the anticipated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. the amount of the impairment loss to be recorded, if any, is calculated as the excess of the asset's or assets group's carrying amount over its estimated fair value.
we use the straight-line method to recognize amortization expense related to our amortizable intangible assets, including our customer relationships. we consider various factors when determining the appropriate method of amortization for our customer relationships, including projected sales data, customer attrition rates and length of key customer relationships.
globally, we have a broad customer base. our retention rate of significant customers has aligned with our acquisition assumptions, including the customer bases acquired from our nalco, laboratoires anios ("anios"), copal invest nv, including its primary operating entity cid lines (collectively, "cid lines") and purolite transactions, which make up the majority of our unamortized customer relationships. our historical retention rates, coupled with our consistent track record of keeping long-term relationships with our customers, supports our expectation of consistent sales generation for the foreseeable future from the acquired customer bases. if our customer retention rates or other post-acquisition operational activities change materially, we would evaluate the financial impacts and significance of the events given rise to the change which could result in impairment of our customer relationship intangible assets, or absent an impairment, an acceleration of amortization expense.
in addition, we periodically reassess the estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived and amortizable intangible assets. changes to estimated useful lives would impact the amount of depreciation and amortization expense recorded in earnings. we have experienced no significant changes in the carrying amount or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets.
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets goodwill arises from our acquisitions and represents the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration exchanged over the fair value of net assets acquired. we had total goodwill of $8.1 billion and $8.0 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we test our goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. our reporting units are our ten operating segments. we assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the second quarter. if circumstances change or events occur that demonstrate it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we complete an interim goodwill impairment assessment of that reporting unit prior to the next annual assessment. if the results of an annual or interim goodwill impairment assessment demonstrate the carrying amount of a reporting unit is greater than its fair value, we will recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, but not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to that reporting unit.
for our annual 2023 goodwill impairment assessment, we completed our impairment assessment for our ten reporting units using discounted cash flow analyses that incorporated assumptions regarding future growth rates, terminal values and discount rates. our goodwill impairment assessments for 2023 indicated the estimated fair values of each of these ten reporting units exceeded the carrying amounts of the respective reporting units by a significant margin. we evaluate the need to complete interim goodwill impairment assessments when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit may be higher than its fair value. no events were noted during the second half of 2023 that required completion of an interim goodwill impairment assessment in the second half of 2023 for any of our ten reporting units. there has been no impairment of goodwill in any of the periods presented.
the nalco trade name is our only indefinite life intangible asset, which is tested for impairment on an annual basis during the second quarter. for our annual 2023 indefinite life intangible asset impairment assessment, we completed our impairment assessment of the nalco trade name using the relief from royalty discounted cash flow method, which incorporates assumptions regarding future sales projections, royalty rates and discount rates. our nalco tradename impairment assessment for 2023 indicated the estimated fair value of the nalco trade name exceeded its $1.2 billion carrying amount by a significant margin. no events were noted during the second half of 2023 that required completion of an interim impairment assessment of our nalco trade name in the second half of 2023. there has been no impairment of the nalco trade name intangible since it was acquired.
30
results of operations net sales

percent change
(millions)                                    2023                    2022                    2021                    2023           2022
product and equipment sales                       $12,316.8               $11,446.2               $10,153.3
service and lease sales                             3,003.4                 2,741.6                 2,579.8
reported gaap net sales                            15,320.2                14,187.8                12,733.1           8    %         11   %
2021 impact of purolite on net sales                      -                       -                    12.0
non-gaap adjusted net sales                        15,320.2                14,187.8                12,721.1           8    %         12   %
effect of foreign currency translation               (44.8)                  (94.4)                 (566.9)
non-gaap adjusted fixed currency sales             15,275.4                14,093.4                12,154.2           8    %         16   %
effect of acquisitions and divestitures             (113.4)                 (123.7)                       *
non-gaap organic sales                            $15,162.0               $13,969.7                       *           9    %         *
* not meaningful the percentage components of the year-over-year sales change are shown below:

(percent)                            2023                       2022
volume                                       -   %             2   %
price changes                                8                10
organic sales change                         9                13
acquisitions and divestitures                -                 3
fixed currency sales change                  8                16
foreign currency translation                 -               (4)
reported gaap net sales change               8   %            11   %
amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
cost of sales ("cos") and gross profit margin ("gross margin")

2023                                    2022                                    2021
gross                                   gross                                   gross
(millions/percent)                                cos           margin                    cos           margin                    cos           margin product and equipment cost of sales          $7,389.2                                $7,212.8                                $6,100.9
service and lease cost of sales               1,765.7                                 1,618.2                                 1,514.9
reported gaap cos and gross margin            9,154.9           40.2   %              8,831.0           37.8   %              7,615.8           40.2   %
special (gains) and charges                      22.5                                    69.9                                    93.9
2021 impact of purolite on cos                      -                                       -                                     7.6
non-gaap adjusted cos and gross margin       $9,132.4           40.4   %             $8,761.1           38.2   %             $7,514.3           40.9   %
our cos values and corresponding gross margin are shown above. our gross margin is defined as sales less cost of sales divided by sales.
our reported gross margin was 40.2%, 37.8%, and 40.2% for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our 2023, 2022 and 2021 reported gross margins were negatively impacted by special (gains) and charges of $22.5 million, $69.9 million, and $93.9 million, respectively. special (gains) and charges items impacting cos are shown within the "special (gains) and charges" table below.
excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges, our 2023 adjusted gross margin was 40.4% compared against a 2022 adjusted gross margin of 38.2%. the increase primarily reflected accelerating pricing that overcame higher supply chain costs.
excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges and the 2021 impacts of the purolite transaction, our adjusted gross margin was 38.2% and 40.9% for 2022 and 2021, respectively. the decrease primarily reflected accelerating pricing that was more than offset by higher delivered product cost and unfavorable mix.
31
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a")

(percent)               2023            2022            2021
sg&amp;a ratio      26.5   %       25.8   %        26.8   %
the increased sg&a ratio (sg&a expenses as a percentage of reported net sales) comparing 2023 against 2022 was driven by higher incentive compensation compared to last year which was partially offset by strong productivity including cost savings initiatives. the decreased sg&a ratio (sg&a expenses as a percentage of reported net sales) comparing 2022 against 2021 was driven primarily by strong productivity including cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher cost of compensation compared to last year.
special (gains) and charges special (gains) and charges reported on the consolidated statements of income included the following items:

(millions)                                   2023                  2022                  2021
cost of sales restructuring activities                          $22.5                  $21.4                 $24.7
acquisition and integration activities            -                       25.0                   4.2
russia/ukraine                                    -                        7.2                     -
other                                             -                       16.3                  65.0
cost of sales subtotal                       22.5                  69.9                  93.9
special (gains) and charges restructuring activities                     63.2                  85.8                         11.9
acquisition and integration activities            16.1                    14.5                  29.9
russia/ukraine                                    1.4                      5.9                     -
other                                        30.7                  34.3                         60.8
special (gains) and charges subtotal         111.4                 140.5                 102.6
operating income subtotal                         133.9                  210.4                 196.5
other (income) expense                            -                       50.6                  37.2
interest expense, net                             -                          -                  33.1
total special (gains) and charges                 $133.9                $261.0                $266.8
for segment reporting purposes, special (gains) and charges are not allocated to reportable segments, which is consistent with our internal management reporting.
restructuring activities restructuring activities are primarily related to the combined program which is described below. these activities have been included as a component of cost of sales, special (gains) and charges, and other (income) expense on the consolidated statements of income. restructuring liabilities have been classified as a component of other current and other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
further details related to our restructuring charges are included in note 3.
combined program in november 2022, we approved a europe cost savings program. in connection with these actions, we expected to incur pre-tax charges of $130 million ($110 million after tax) or $0.38 per diluted share. in february 2023, we expanded our previously announced europe cost savings program to focus on its institutional and healthcare businesses in other regions. in connection with the expanded program ("combined program"), we expect to incur total pre-tax charges of $195 million ($150 million after tax) or $0.52 per diluted share. we expect that these restructuring charges will be completed by the end of 2024. program actions include headcount reductions from terminations, not filling certain open positions, and facility closures. the combined program charges are expected to be primarily cash expenditures related to severance and asset disposals.
in anticipation of this combined program, a limited number of actions were taken in the fourth quarter of 2022. as a result, we reclassified $19.3 million ($14.5 million after tax) or $0.05 per diluted share from other restructuring to the combined program in the first quarter of 2023.
in 2023 and 2022 we recorded total combined program restructuring charges of $77.7 million ($66.4 million after tax) or $0.23 per diluted share and $67.2 million ($56.0 million after tax) or $0.20 per diluted share, respectively. we have recorded $164.2 million ($136.9 million after tax), or $0.48 per diluted share of cumulative charges under the combined plan. the net liability related to the combined program was $43.1 million and $62.0 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities.
32
the combined program has delivered $131 million of cumulative cost savings with estimated annualized cost savings of $175 million in continuing operations by 2024.
institutional advancement program we approved a restructuring plan in 2020 focused on the institutional business ("the institutional plan") which is intended to enhance our institutional sales and service structure and allow the sales team to capture share and penetration while maximizing service effectiveness by leveraging our ongoing investments in digital technology.
in 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded total restructuring charges of $8.0 million ($6.0 million after tax) or $0.03 per diluted share, $6.3 million ($4.8 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share and $12.6 million ($10.2 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share, respectively, primarily related to severance, disposals of equipment and office closures. the restructuring activities were completed at the end of 2023, with total costs of $62.1 million ($47.4 million after tax), or $0.17 per diluted share. net cash payments were $2.6 million and non-cash net charges were $6.8 million in 2023. there was no remaining liability related to the institutional plan as of december 31, 2023. there was $1.9 million of liability related to the institutional plan of december 31, 2022.
the institutional plan has delivered $55 million of annual cost savings.
accelerate 2020
during 2018, we formally commenced a restructuring plan accelerate 2020 ("the a2020 plan"), to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. the goals of the a2020 plan were to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. we recorded restructuring charges of $9.9 million ($8.4 million after tax) or $0.03 per diluted share and $5.3 million ($6.2 million after tax) or $0.02 per diluted share in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the restructuring activities were completed at the end of 2022, with total costs of $254.4 million ($198.4 million after tax), or $0.69 per diluted share.
net cash payments were $13.2 million during 2023. the liability related to the a2020 plan was $4.9 million and $18.1 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters which continue to be funded from operating activities.
the a2020 plan has delivered $315 million of annual cost savings.
other restructuring activities during 2022 and 2021, we incurred restructuring charges of $23.8 million ($17.9 million after tax), or $0.06 per diluted share and $18.7 million ($17.0 million after tax), or $0.06 per diluted share, respectively, related to other immaterial restructuring activity. the charges primarily related to severance and asset write-offs.
the restructuring liability balance for all other restructuring plans excluding the combined program, a2020 plan and the institutional plan were $3.3 million and $23.2 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in liability was driven primarily by the reclass of $19.3 million from other restructuring to the combined program in the first quarter of 2023. the remaining liability is expected to be paid over a period of a few months to several quarters and will continue to be funded from operating activities. cash payments during 2023 related to all other restructuring plans excluding the combined program, a2020 and institutional plan were $0.6 million.
acquisition and integration related costs acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income in 2023 include $16.1 million ($12.0 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share. charges are integration related costs primarily related to the purolite corporation ("purolite") acquisition.
acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income in 2022 include $14.5 million ($11.4 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share. charges are related primarily to the purolite acquisition and consist of integration related costs, advisory and legal fees. acquisition and integration related costs reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income in 2022 include $25.0 million ($19.6 million after tax) or $0.07 per diluted share. charges are related primarily to the recognition of fair value step-up in the purolite inventory and other integration costs.
acquisition and integration related costs reported in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income in 2021 include $29.9 million ($23.5 million after tax) or $0.08 per diluted share. charges are primarily related to the purolite acquisition and consisted of deal costs, integration costs and advisory and legal fees. acquisition and integration related costs reported in product and equipment cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income in 2021 include $4.2 million ($3.3 million after tax) or $0.01 per diluted share and are related to the recognition of fair value step-up in the purolite inventory. in conjunction with its acquisitions, we incurred $0.8 million ($0.6 million after tax), or less than $0.01 per diluted share, of special (gains) and charges reported in interest expense in 2021.
33
russia/ukraine in light of russia's invasion of ukraine and the sanctions against russia by the united states and other countries, we have made the determination that we will limit our russian business to operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage and certain water businesses. we incurred charges of $1.4 million ($1.1 million after tax) or less than $0.01 per diluted share and $13.1 million ($12.6 million after tax) or $0.04 per diluted share during 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily related to recoverability risk of certain assets in both russia and ukraine.
other operating activities other operating activities recorded in cost of sales on the consolidated statements of income of $16.3 million ($12.7 million after tax), or $0.04 per diluted share in 2022, and $65.0 million ($49.2 million after tax), or $0.17 per diluted share in 2021 relate primarily to covid-19 activities.
other operating activities recorded in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income of $30.7 million ($23.3 million after tax), or $0.08 per diluted share in 2023 relate primarily to certain legal charges. other operating activities recorded in special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statements of income of $34.3 million ($25.7 million after tax), or $0.09 per diluted share in 2022 and $60.8 million ($46.4 million after tax), or $0.16 per diluted share in 2021 relate primarily to covid-19 activities and certain legal charges.
other (income) expense during 2022 and 2021, we incurred settlement expense recorded in other (income) expense on the consolidated statements of income of $50.6 million ($38.2 million after tax) or $0.13 per diluted share and $37.2 million ($28.7 million after tax) or $0.10 per diluted share, respectively, related to u.s. pension plan lump-sum payments to retirees.
interest expense, net during 2021 we recorded special charges of $32.3 million ($28.4 million after tax) or $0.10 per diluted share in interest expense on the consolidated statements of income related to debt issuance and refinancing charges.
operating income and operating income margin

percent change
(millions)                                                 2023                   2022                   2021                           2023                2022
reported gaap operating income                                     $1,992.3               $1,562.5               $1,598.6                    28   %              (2)   %
special (gains) and charges                                           133.9                  210.4                  196.5
2021 impact of purolite on operating income                               -                      -                    3.8
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                  2,126.2                1,772.9                1,798.9               20                       (1)
effect of foreign currency translation                                (5.8)                 (13.1)                (110.5)
non-gaap adjusted fixed currency operating income                   2,120.4                1,759.8                1,688.4
effect of acquisitions and divestitures                               (2.9)                  (0.4)                      *
non-gaap organic operating income                                  $2,117.5               $1,759.4                      *                    20   %              *
* not meaningful
(percent)                                                  2023                       2022                   2021
reported gaap operating income margin                                  13.0   %               11.0   %               12.6   %
non-gaap adjusted operating income margin                              13.9   %               12.5   %               14.1   %
non-gaap adjusted fixed currency operating income margin               13.9   %               12.5   %               13.9   %
non-gaap organic operating income margin                               14.0   %               12.6   %                  *
* not meaningful our operating income and corresponding operating income margin are shown in the previous tables. operating income margin is defined as operating income divided by sales.
our reported operating income was $1,992.3 million, $1,562.5 million and $1,598.6 for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our 2023, 2022 and 2021 operating incomes were negatively impacted by special (gains) and charges and the 2021 impact of purolite on operating income of $133.9 million, $210.4 million, and $200.3 million, respectively.
excluding the impacts of special (gains) and charges 2023 adjusted operating income increased 20% as strong pricing overcame investments in the business including incentive compensation, higher supply chain costs and unfavorable mix. excluding the impacts of special (gains) and the 2021 impact of purolite on operating income 2022 adjusted operating income decreased 1% driven by accelerating pricing covering substantially higher delivered product costs, which was offset by investments in the business.
34
other (income) expense

(millions)                                 2023                  2022                   2021
reported gaap other (income) expense               ($59.9)                ($24.5)                ($33.9)
special (gains) and charges                        -                 50.6                   37.2
non-gaap adjusted other (income) expense           ($59.9)                ($75.1)                ($71.1)
our reported other income was $59.9 million, $24.5 million and $33.9 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. other (income) expense increased when comparing 2023 against 2022 as higher pension costs were more than offset by the comparison to last year's $50.6 million settlement expense related to u.s. pension plan lump-sum payments to retirees. other (income) expense decreased when comparing 2022 against 2021 primarily due to increased pension settlement charges in 2022 as a result of a higher volume of pension settlement activity and higher interest costs associated with rising interest rates throughout 2022. excluding the impact of settlements and curtailments recorded in special (gains) and charges during 2023, 2022 and 2021, our adjusted other income was $59.9 million, $75.1 million and $71.1 million, respectively.
interest expense, net

(millions)                                    2023                 2022                 2021
reported gaap interest expense, net                   $296.7               $243.6                $218.3
special (gains) and charges                           -                    -                33.1
2021 impact of purolite on interest expense           -                    -                        3.5
non-gaap adjusted interest expense, net               $296.7               $243.6                $181.7
our reported net interest expense totaled $296.7 million, $243.6 million and $218.3 million during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
we incurred $33.1 million ($29.0 million after tax) or $0.10 per diluted share of interest expense special charges in conjunction with our debt issuances and refinancing activities during 2021.
adjusted for special (gains) and charges, the increase in interest expense when comparing 2023 against 2022 was driven primarily by the higher average interest rates on outstanding debt. adjusted for special (gains) and charges, the increase in interest expense when comparing 2022 against 2021 was driven primarily by the interest on debt issued to fund the purolite acquisition and the impact from higher average interest rates on floating rate debt.
provision for income taxes the following table provides a summary of our tax rate:

(percent)                     2023                      2022   2021
reported gaap tax rate              20.6   %       17.5   %          19.1   %
tax rate impact of:
special (gains) and charges        (0.1)            0.5        0.1
discrete tax items                 (0.6)            0.7             (0.3)
non-gaap adjusted tax rate    19.9         %       18.7   %    18.9         %
our reported tax rate was 20.6%, 17.5%, and 19.1%, for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the change in our tax rate includes the tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items, which have impacted the comparability of our historical reported tax rates, as amounts included in our special (gains) and charges are derived from tax jurisdictions with rates that vary from our tax rate, and discrete tax items are not necessarily consistent across periods. the tax impact of special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items will likely continue to impact comparability of our reported tax rate in the future.
we recognized a net tax expense related to discrete tax items of $11.2 million during 2023. the net discrete tax expense was primarily related to the filing of federal, state and foreign tax returns and other income tax adjustments including the impact of changes in tax laws, audit settlements, share-based compensation excess tax benefits and other changes in estimates.
we recognized a net tax benefit related to discrete tax items of $11.8 million during 2022. this included a deferred tax benefit of $14.6 million associated with utilization of tax attributes as a result of legal entity rationalization and share-based compensation excess tax benefits of $6.0 million. the remaining discrete tax expense of $8.8 million was primarily related to the filing of federal, state and foreign tax returns and other income tax adjustments including the impact of changes in tax laws, audit settlements and other changes in estimates.
we recognized net tax expense of $5.8 million related to discrete tax items during 2021. this included a non-cash deferred tax expense of $25.1 million associated with transferring certain intangible property between affiliates. share-based compensation excess tax benefit was $29.1 million. the remaining discrete tax expense of $9.8 million was primarily related to the filing of federal, state, and foreign tax returns and other income tax adjustments including the impact of changes in tax law, audit settlements and other changes in estimates.
35
the change in our adjusted tax rates from 2022 to 2023 was primarily driven by geographic income mix. future comparability of our adjusted tax rate may be impacted by various factors, including but not limited to other changes in global tax rules, further tax planning projects and geographic income mix.
net income attributable to ecolab

percent change
(millions)                                            2023                    2022               2021               2023                  2022
reported gaap net income attributable to ecolab                $1,372.3               $1,091.7           $1,129.9       26    %           (3)   %
adjustments:
special (gains) and charges, after tax                    109.2                       207.3                 213.5
discrete tax net (benefit) expense                             11.2                   (11.8)                  5.8
2021 impact of purolite on net income                          -                      -                       5.6
non-gaap adjusted net income attributable to ecolab            $1,492.7               $1,287.2           $1,354.8       16    %           (5)   %
diluted eps

percent change
(dollars)                                2023                 2022              2021             2023                  2022
reported gaap diluted eps                         $4.79                $3.81             $3.91       26    %           (3)   %
adjustments:
special (gains) and charges, after tax       0.38                 0.72              0.74
discrete tax net (benefit) expense           0.04                      (0.04)       0.02
2021 impact of purolite on diluted eps            -                    -                  0.02
non-gaap adjusted diluted eps                     $5.21                $4.49             $4.69       16    %           (4)   %
per share amounts do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
currency translation had an unfavorable $(0.05) impact on reported and adjusted diluted eps when comparing 2023 to 2022 and unfavorable $(0.26) impact when comparing 2022 to 2021.
36
segment performance the non-u.s. dollar functional currency international amounts included within our reportable segments are based on translation into u.s. dollars at the fixed currency exchange rates established by management for 2023. the difference between the fixed currency exchange rates and the actual currency exchange rates is reported as "effect of foreign currency translation" in the following tables. all other accounting policies of the reportable segments are consistent with u.s. gaap and the accounting policies described in note 2. additional information about our reportable segments is included in note 18.
fixed currency net sales and operating income for 2023, 2022 and 2021 for our reportable segments are shown in the following tables.

net sales                                                                                                                    percent change
(millions)                                    2023                    2022                 2021                 2023                        2022
global industrial                                      $7,193.1                 $6,736.3             $5,908.5          7     %           14   %
global institutional &amp; specialty                    4,994.0                  4,414.3              3,856.7   13                       14
global healthcare &amp; life sciences                   1,576.9                  1,505.8              1,101.1          5                 37
other                                                   1,442.3                  1,313.3              1,162.5   10                       13
corporate                                                  69.1                    123.7                137.4       (44)               (10)
subtotal at fixed currency                             15,275.4                 14,093.4             12,166.2   8                        16
effect of foreign currency translation                     44.8           94.4                 566.9
consolidated reported gaap net sales                  $15,320.2                $14,187.8            $12,733.1   8            %           11   %
operating income                                                                                                             percent change
(millions)                                    2023                    2022                 2021                 2023                        2022
global industrial                                      $1,080.7                   $935.8               $943.4         15     %          (1)   %
global institutional &amp; specialty                      823.0           621.7                536.7            32                       16
global healthcare &amp; life sciences                     160.0                    193.3                141.0       (17)                 37
other                                                     255.0           209.9                181.3            21                       16
corporate                                               (331.7)                  (414.4)              (314.3)       (20)                 32
subtotal at fixed currency                              1,987.0                  1,546.3              1,488.1   29                        4
effect of foreign currency translation                      5.3           16.2                 110.5
consolidated reported gaap operating income            $1,992.3                 $1,562.5             $1,598.6   28           %          (2)   %
the following tables reconcile the impact of acquisitions and divestitures within our reportable segments.

year ended december 31
net sales                                                                                                                  2023                                                                         2022
(millions)                                                   fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       organic            fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       organic currency                                                                     currency global industrial                                         $7,193.1       ($4.5)                                        $7,188.6        $6,736.3       $-                                            $6,736.3
global institutional &amp; specialty                       4,994.0       (39.8)                                        4,954.2          4,414.3       -                                             4,414.3
global healthcare &amp; life sciences                      1,576.9       -                                             1,576.9          1,505.8       -                                             1,505.8
other                                                      1,442.3       -                                             1,442.3          1,313.3       -                                             1,313.3
corporate                                                     69.1       (69.1)                                        -                  123.7       (123.7)                                       -
subtotal at fixed currency                                15,275.4       (113.4)                                       15,162.0        14,093.4       (123.7)                                       13,969.7
effect of foreign currency translation              44.8                                                                                   94.4
consolidated reported gaap net sales                     $15,320.2                                                                    $14,187.8
operating income                                                                                                           2023                                                                         2022
(millions)                                                   fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       organic            fixed       impact of acquisitions and divestitures       organic currency                                                                     currency global industrial                                         $1,080.7       $0.2                                          $1,080.9          $935.8       $-                                            $935.8
global institutional &amp; specialty                823.0                (0.5)                                         822.5              621.7       -                                             621.7
global healthcare &amp; life sciences               160.0                -                                             160.0              193.3       -                                             193.3
other                                                        255.0       -                                             255.0              209.9       -                                             209.9
corporate                                                  (198.3)       (2.6)                                         (200.9)          (200.9)       (0.4)                                         (201.3)
non-gaap adjusted fixed currency operating income          2,120.4       (2.9)                                         2,117.5          1,759.8       (0.4)                                         1,759.4
special (gains) and charges                         133.4                                                                                 213.5
subtotal at fixed currency                                 1,987.0                                                                      1,546.3
effect of foreign currency translation              5.3                                                                                    16.2
consolidated reported gaap operating income               $1,992.3                                                                     $1,562.5
37
global industrial

2023                        2022                    2021
sales at fixed currency (millions)                        $7,193.1                $6,736.3                $5,908.5
sales at public currency (millions)                        7,221.8                 6,805.0                6,237.9
volume                                                         (2)   %                   1   %
price changes                                        9               %                  13   %
organic sales change                                             7   %                  14   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                    -   %                   -   %
fixed currency sales change                          7               %                  14   %
foreign currency translation                                   (1)   %                 (5)   %
public currency sales change                         6               %                   9   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)             $1,080.7                  $935.8                $943.4
operating income at public currency (millions)             1,084.7                   950.0                1,019.5
fixed currency operating income change                          15   %                 (1)   %
fixed currency operating income margin               15.0            %       13.9            %       16.0            %
organic operating income change                      16              %                   *
organic operating income margin                      15.0            %       13.9            %            *
public currency operating income change                         14   %                 (7)   %
* not meaningful percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales organic sales for global industrial increased in 2023 driven by strong pricing and new business wins partially offset by weaker markets. the 2022 sales increase was impacted by as strong double-digit growth across all divisions was driven by accelerating pricing and new business wins.
at an operating segment level, water organic sales increased 8% in 2023 driven by strong pricing and new business wins. water organic sales increased 13% in 2022 driven by strong pricing and new business wins. light industry reported good sales growth driven by strong performance across data centers, microelectronics and institutional. heavy industry in 2023 reported good sales growth driven by strong pricing, gains in primary metals and growth in chemicals and strong sales in 2022 led by double-digit growth in power and chemicals. downstream reported strong sales growth in 2023 driven by innovative water treatment programs. food & beverage organic sales increased 9% in 2023 reflecting continued pricing, strong performance in dairy, and solid growth in beverage & brewing and animal health. organic increased 14% in 2022 primarily reflecting accelerating pricing. paper organic sales decreased 1% in 2023 as pricing and new business wins were offset by easing customer production rates . organic sales increased 16% in 2022 driven by accelerating pricing, new business wins and continued growth in ecommerce markets.
operating income organic operating income and organic operating income margins for global industrial increased in 2023 and decreased 2022 when compared to prior periods.
organic operating income margins increased 1.1 percentage points during 2023 compared to 2022, as the 6.8 percentage point positive impacts of strong pricing overcame the 5.5 percentage point negative impacts of investments in the business including incentive compensation, lower volume, and higher supply chain costs. organic operating income margins decreased in 2022 compared to 2021, as the positive impact from accelerating pricing was more than offset by the negative impacts of higher delivered product costs, unfavorable mix and investment in the business.
38
global institutional & specialty

2023                        2022                    2021
sales at fixed currency (millions)                        $4,994.0                $4,414.3                $3,856.7
sales at public currency (millions)                        4,999.2                 4,432.1                3,966.8
volume                                               3               %                   6   %
price changes                                        10              %                   8   %
organic sales change                                            12   %                  15   %
acquisitions and divestitures                        1               %                   -   %
fixed currency sales change                          13              %                  14   %
foreign currency translation                                     -   %                 (3)   %
public currency sales change                         13              %                  12   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)               $823.0                  $621.7                $536.7
operating income at public currency (millions)               823.4                   624.3                550.6
fixed currency operating income change                          32   %                  16   %
fixed currency operating income margin               16.5            %       14.1            %       13.9            %
organic operating income change                      32              %                   *
organic operating income margin                      16.6            %       14.1            %            *
public currency operating income change                         32   %                  13   %
* not meaningful percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales organic sales for global institutional & specialty increased in 2023 driven by strong pricing and new business wins. the 2022 sales increased driven by accelerating pricing and new business wins.
at an operating segment level, institutional organic sales increased 12% in 2023, driven by strong pricing and new business wins. organic sales increased 18% in 2022, driven by accelerating pricing and new business wins. specialty organic sales increased 13% in 2023 driven by growth in quick service and food retail. organic sales increased 7% in 2022 driven by strong quick service sales and modest growth in food retail sales.
operating income organic operating income for our global institutional & specialty segment increased in both 2023 and 2022 when compared to prior periods. organic operating income margins increased in 2023 but decreased 2022 when compared to prior periods.
organic operating income margins increased 2.5 percentage points during 2023, as the 7.9 percentage point positive impacts from strong pricing and cost savings initiatives overcame the 4.9 percentage point negative impacts of investments in the business including incentive compensation and higher supply chain costs. organic operating income margins increased during 2022, as the positive impact from accelerating pricing and volume growth overcame the negative impacts of higher delivered product costs and investments in the business.
39
global healthcare & life sciences

2023                        2022                    2021
sales at fixed currency (millions)                        $1,576.9                $1,505.8                $1,101.1
sales at public currency (millions)                        1,586.0                 1,510.5                1,181.6
volume                                                         (1)   %                 (7)   %
price changes                                        6               %                   7   %
organic sales change                                             5   %                   -   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                    -   %                  37   %
fixed currency sales change                          5               %                  37   %
foreign currency translation                                     -   %                 (8)   %
public currency sales change                         5               %                (28)   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)               $160.0                  $193.3                $141.0
operating income at public currency (millions)               161.5                   193.5                158.1
fixed currency operating income change                        (17)   %                  37   %
fixed currency operating income margin               10.1            %       12.8            %       12.8            %
organic operating income change                               (17)   %                   *
organic operating income margin                      10.1            %       12.8            %            *
public currency operating income change                       (17)   %                  22   %
* not meaningful percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales organic sales for global healthcare & life sciences increased in 2023 as compared to 2022 driven by strong pricing and new business wins.
at an operating segment level, healthcare organic sales increased 7% in 2023 driven by pricing and strong growth in north america. organic sales decreased 1% in 2022 reflecting lower procedural and hand hygiene volumes, partially offset by increased pricing. life sciences organic sales increased 1% 2023 as pricing was more than offset soft near-term industry demand. organic sales increased 9% in 2022 as accelerating pricing and growth in consumable pharmaceutical and personal care products, partially offset by normalizing demand for bioquell's biocontamination systems.
operating income organic operating income for our global healthcare & life sciences segment decreased in both 2023 and 2022 when compared to prior periods. organic operating income margins decreased in both 2023 and 2022 when compared to prior periods.
organic operating income margins decreased 2.7 percentage points in 2023, as the 4.5 percentage point positive impact from strong pricing was more than offset by the 7.5 percentage point negative impacts from targeted investments in the business, unfavorable mix and higher supply chain costs. organic operating income margins decreased in 2022, as positive impact from accelerating pricing was more than offset by the negative impacts from higher delivered product costs, unfavorable mix, lower healthcare volumes and targeted investments in the business.
40
other

2023                        2022                    2021
sales at fixed currency (millions)                        $1,442.3                $1,313.3                $1,162.5
sales at public currency (millions)                        1,444.2                 1,316.4                1,207.7
volume                                               3               %                   6   %
price changes                                        7               %                   7   %
organic sales change                                            10   %                  13   %
acquisitions and divestitures                                    -   %                   -   %
fixed currency sales change                          10              %                  13   %
foreign currency translation                                     -   %                 (4)   %
public currency sales change                         10              %                   9   %
operating income at fixed currency (millions)               $255.0                  $209.9                $181.3
operating income at public currency (millions)               254.4                   209.5                188.2
fixed currency operating income change                          21   %                  16   %
fixed currency operating income margin               17.7            %       16.0            %       15.6            %
organic operating income change                      21              %       16              %
organic operating income margin                      17.7            %       16.0            %            *
public currency operating income change                         21   %                  11   %
* not meaningful percentages in the above table do not necessarily sum due to rounding.
net sales organic sales for other increased in 2023 led by double-digit growth in pest elimination. organic sales increased in 2022 led by strong growth in pest elimination, textile care and colloidal technologies.
at an operating segment level, pest elimination organic sales increased 11% in 2023 reflecting strong growth in restaurants, food & beverage, and food retail. organic sales increased 11% in 2022 reflecting strong growth across food retail, food & beverage, hospitality and restaurants from accelerating pricing and new business wins. textile care organic sales increased 7% and 19% in 2023 and 2022, respectively. colloidal technologies group organic sales increased 4% and 14% in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
operating income organic operating income in other increased in both 2023 and 2022 when compared to prior periods. organic operating income margins increased in both 2022 and 2022 when compared to prior periods.
organic operating income margins in other increased 1.7 percentage points in 2023, as the 5.6 percentage point positive impacts from strong pricing overcame the 4.3 percentage point negative impacts of investments in business. organic operating income margins increased in 2022, as the positive impacts from accelerating pricing overcame the negative impacts of higher delivered product costs and investments in business.
corporate consistent with our internal management reporting, corporate amounts in the table on page 37 include sales to championx in accordance with the long-term supply agreement entered into with the transaction post-separation. as discussed in note 17, intangible asset amortization specifically from the nalco and purolite transactions and special (gains) and charges that are not allocated to our reportable segments. items included within special (gains) and charges are shown in the table on page 32.
41
financial position, cash flow and liquidity financial position total assets were $21.8 billion as of december 31, 2023, compared to total assets of $21.5 billion as of december 31, 2022.
total liabilities were $13.8 billion as of december 31, 2023, compared to total liabilities of $14.2 billion as of december 31, 2022. total debt was $8.2 billion as of december 31, 2023 and $8.6 billion as of december 31, 2022. see further discussion of our debt activity within the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a.
our net debt to ebitda is shown in the following table. ebitda is a non-gaap measure discussed further in the "non-gaap financial measures" section of this md&a.

2023                    2022                   2021
(ratio)
net debt to ebitda                                           2.4                    3.2                    3.4
(millions)
total debt                                              $8,181.8               $8,580.4               $8,758.2
cash                                               919.5                          598.6                  359.9
net debt                                                $7,262.3               $7,981.8               $8,398.3
net income including noncontrolling interest            $1,393.0               $1,108.9               $1,144.0
provision for income taxes                         362.5                          234.5                  270.2
interest expense, net                              296.7                          243.6                  218.3
depreciation                                       616.7                          618.5                  604.4
amortization                                       306.9                          320.2                  238.7
ebitda                                                  $2,975.8               $2,525.7               $2,475.6
cash flows operating activities

dollar change
(millions)                              2023                       2022               2021                   2023                   2022
cash provided by operating activities           $2,411.8               $1,788.4               $2,061.9                $623.4                  ($273.5)
we continue to generate cash flow from operations allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in the business and pension obligations along with returning cash to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases.
cash provided by operating activities increased $623 million in 2023 compared to 2022, driven primarily by a $332 million net favorable change in working capital and $284 million increase in net income. the cash flow impact from working capital was primarily driven by improvement in inventory due to management efforts following easing global supply chain constraints and an improvement in receivables offset by a decrease in accounts payable primarily associated with our inventory reduction efforts.
cash provided by operating activities decreased $274 million in 2022 compared to 2021, driven primarily by $277 million increase in working capital. the increase in working capital is primarily driven by past due receivables higher than last year due to pricing and energy surcharge rollout. additionally, inventory impacted by inflationary environment and higher stock holding to mitigate supply disruption.
the impact on operating cash flows of pension and postretirement plan contributions, cash activity related to restructuring, cash paid for income taxes and cash paid for interest, are shown in the following table:

dollar change
(millions)                                                      2023       2022             2021                 2023                  2022
pensions and postretirement plan contributions            $109.3                $64.3                $60.2                $45.0                    $4.1
restructuring payments                                     118.3           41.0                 78.3                       77.3                  (37.3)
income tax payments                                        469.2           308.9                275.7                     160.3             33.2
interest payments                                          324.8           222.4                208.7                     102.4             13.7
42
investing activities

dollar change
(millions)                           2023                       2022               2021                     2023                     2022
cash used for investing activities           ($990.5)               ($716.8)               ($4,579.7)                ($273.7)                  $3,862.9
cash used for investing activities is primarily impacted by the timing of business acquisitions and dispositions as well as from capital investments in the business.
we continue to make capital investments in the business, including merchandising and customer equipment and manufacturing facilities. total capital expenditures were $775 million, $713 million and $643 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
total cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired and net of cash received from dispositions, in 2023, 2022 and 2021 was $180 million, $7 million and $3,924 million, respectively. our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further in note 4. we continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth.
financing activities

dollar change
(millions)                                         2023                         2022               2021                   2023                     2022
cash provided by (used for) financing activities           ($1,054.7)               ($837.3)               $1,603.2                ($217.4)                  ($2,440.5)
our cash flows from financing activities primarily reflect the issuances and repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, proceeds from common stock issuances related to our equity incentive programs and dividend payments.
there were no long-term debt issuances in 2023. we repaid $500 million of long-term debt in 2023. we issued $500 million par value and received $494 million in proceeds of long-term debt in 2022. we issued $2,800 million par value and received $2,775 million in proceeds of long-term debt and repaid $900 million of long-term debt in 2021.the proceeds received from the debt issuances were used for the purolite acquisition, repayment of outstanding debt, repayment of commercial paper and general corporate purposes. in addition, we had net repayments of $2 million and $404 million of commercial paper and notes payable in 2023 and 2022, respectively, and net issuances of $394 million in 2021.
shares are repurchased for the purpose of partially offsetting the dilutive effect of our equity compensation plans, to manage our capital structure and to efficiently return capital to shareholders. we repurchased a total of $14 million, $518 million, and $107 million of shares in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the impact on financing cash flows of commercial paper and notes payable repayments, long-term debt borrowings and long-term debt repayments, are shown in the following table:

dollar change
(millions)                                                             2023                  2022                2021                    2023                    2022
net (repayments) issuances of commercial paper and notes payable           ($1.9)                 ($404.3)                  $393.6                 $402.4                  ($797.9)
long-term debt borrowings                                                  -                 494.0                         2,775.0                (494.0)                  (2,281.0)
long-term debt repayments                                                  (500.0)                -                      (1,017.9)                (500.0)                  1,017.9
in december 2023, we increased our quarterly dividend rate by 8%. this represents the 32nd consecutive year we have increased our dividend. we have paid dividends on our common stock for 87 consecutive years. we paid dividends of $617 million, $603 million and $566 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. cash dividends declared per share of common stock, by quarter, for each of the last three years were as follows:

first                 second                third                 fourth quarter               quarter               quarter               quarter               year
2023            $0.53                 $0.53                 $0.53                 $0.57                $2.16
2022            $0.51                 $0.51                 $0.51                 $0.53                $2.06
2021            $0.48                 $0.48                 $0.48                 $0.51                $1.95
43
liquidity and capital resources we currently expect to fund all of our cash requirements which are reasonably foreseeable for the next twelve months, including scheduled debt repayments, new investments in the business, share repurchases, dividend payments, possible business acquisitions and pension and postretirement contributions with cash from operating activities, and as needed, additional short-term and/or long-term borrowings. we continue to expect our operating cash flow to remain strong.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $920 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, of which $880 million was held outside of the u.s. as of december 31, 2022, we had $599 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, of which $122 million was held outside of the u.s. our cash balance is intended to fund current maturities of long-term debt. we will continue to evaluate our cash position in light of future developments.
in january 2024, we repaid €575 million ($630 million) of long-term debt.
as of december 31, 2023, we had a $2.0 billion multi-year credit facility, which expires in april 2026. the credit facility has been established with a diverse syndicate of banks and supports our u.s. and euro commercial paper programs. the maximum aggregate amount of commercial paper that may be issued under our u.s. commercial paper program and our euro commercial paper program may not exceed $2.0 billion. at year end, we had no commercial paper outstanding under our u.s. program nor our euro program. there were no borrowings under our credit facility as of december 31, 2023 or 2022. as of december 31, 2023, both programs were rated a-2 by standard & poor's, p-2 by moody's and f-1 by fitch.
additionally, we have uncommitted credit lines with major international banks and financial institutions. these credit lines support our daily global funding needs, primarily our global cash pooling structures. as of december 31, 2023 we had $155 million of bank supported letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees outstanding in support of our commercial business transactions. we do not have any other significant unconditional purchase obligations or commercial commitments.
as of december 31, 2023, standard & poor's, fitch and moody's rated our long-term credit at a- (negative outlook), a- (stable outlook) and a3 (negative outlook), respectively. a reduction in our credit ratings could limit or preclude our ability to issue commercial paper under our current programs or could also adversely affect our ability to renew existing, or negotiate new, credit facilities in the future and could increase the cost of these facilities.
as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with our debt covenants and other requirements of our credit agreements and indentures.
a schedule of our various obligations as of december 31, 2023 are summarized in the following table:

payments due by period less                                                      more than                2-3                4-5                than
(millions)                    total              1 year              years              years              5 years notes payable                           $2                 $2                 $-             $-                  $-
one-time transition tax       67                 7                   60                      -                   -
long-term debt                       8,180       629                       1,363             1,441               4,747
operating leases              632                147                 229                     108           148
interest*                            3,953       321                         609        454                      2,569
total                              $12,834             $1,106             $2,261             $2,003              $7,464
*interest on variable rate debt was calculated using the interest rate at year end 2023.
as of december 31, 2023, our gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits was $24 million. we are not able to reasonably estimate the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over an extended period of time or whether a cash settlement of the liability will be required. therefore, these amounts have been excluded from the schedule of contractual obligations.
we do not have required minimum cash contribution obligations for our qualified pension plans in 2023. we are required to fund certain international pension benefit plans in accordance with local legal requirements. we estimate contributions to be made to our international plans will approximate $47 million in 2024. these amounts have been excluded from the schedule of contractual obligations.
we lease certain sales and administrative office facilities, distribution centers, research and manufacturing facilities and other equipment under longer-term operating leases. vehicle leases are generally shorter in duration. vehicle leases have residual value requirements that have historically been satisfied primarily by the proceeds on the sale of the vehicles.
44
market risk we enter into contractual arrangements (derivatives) in the ordinary course of business to manage foreign currency exposure and interest rate risks. we do not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. our use of derivatives is subject to internal policies that provide guidelines for control, counterparty risk, and ongoing monitoring and reporting, and is designed to reduce the volatility associated with movements in foreign exchange and interest rates on our income statement and cash flows.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain intercompany financial arrangements, and to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on transactions related to cash flows denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars. we use net investment hedges as hedging instruments to manage risks associated with our investments in foreign operations. as of december 31, 2023, we had a total of €834 million senior notes designated as net investment hedges.
we enter into cross-currency swap derivative contracts to hedge certain euro denominated exposures from our investments in certain of its euro denominated functional currency subsidiaries. we use net investment hedges as hedging instruments to manage risks associated with our investments in foreign operations. as of december 31, 2023, we had €625 million of cross-currency swap derivative contracts outstanding designated as a net investment hedge.
we enter into cross-currency swap derivative contracts to hedge certain chinese yen ("cny") denominated exposures from our investments in certain cny denominated functional currency subsidiaries. we use net investment hedges as hedging instruments to manage risks associated with our investments in foreign operations. as of december 31, 2023, we had cnh 2,192 million (cnh is the cny traded in the offshore market) of cross-currency swap derivative contracts outstanding designated as a net investment hedge.
we manage interest expense using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt. to help manage borrowing costs, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements. under these arrangements, we agree to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. as of december 31, 2023, we had $1,500 million of interest rate swaps outstanding.
refer to note 8 for further information on our hedging activity.
based on a sensitivity analysis (assuming a 10% change in market rates) of our foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives and other financial instruments, changes in exchange rates or interest rates would increase/decrease our financial position and liquidity by approximately $169 million. the effect on our results of operations would be substantially offset by the impact of the hedged items.
global economic and political environment global economies approximately half of our sales are outside of the u.s. our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results.
argentina and turkey are classified as highly inflationary economies in accordance with u.s. gaap, and the u.s. dollar is the functional currency for our subsidiaries in argentina and turkey. during 2023, sales in argentina and turkey represented less than 1% of our consolidated sales. assets held in argentina and turkey at the end of 2023 represented less than 1% of our consolidated assets.
in light of russia's invasion of ukraine and the sanctions against russia by the united states and other countries, we have made the determination that we will limit our russian business to operations that are essential to life, providing minimal support for our healthcare, life sciences, food and beverage and certain water businesses. we may further narrow our presence in russia depending on future developments. our russian and ukraine operations represented approximately 1% of our 2023 consolidated net sales. we recorded charges of $1.4 million and $13.1 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily related to recoverability risk of certain assets in both russia and ukraine.
new accounting pronouncements information regarding new accounting pronouncements is included in note 2.
45
non-gaap financial measures this md&a includes financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. these non-gaap measures include:
●  fixed currency sales
●  adjusted net sales
●  adjusted fixed currency sales
●  organic sales, formerly known as acquisition adjusted fixed currency sales
●  adjusted cost of sales
●  adjusted gross margin
●  fixed currency operating income
●  fixed currency operating income margin
●  adjusted operating income
●  adjusted operating income margin
●  adjusted fixed currency operating income
●  adjusted fixed currency operating income margin
●  organic operating income, formerly known as acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income
●  organic operating income margin, formerly known as acquisition adjusted fixed currency operating income margin
●  adjusted other (income) expense
●  adjusted interest expense, net
●  ebitda
●  adjusted tax rate
●  adjusted net income attributable to ecolab
●  adjusted diluted eps we provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. we use these non-gaap measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results.
our non-gaap adjusted financial measure for net sales excludes 2021 purolite sales. our non-gaap adjusted financial measures for cost of sales, gross margin, operating income, other (income) expense and interest expense exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges and (with the exception of other (income) expense) the 2021 impact of the purolite transaction, and our non-gaap measures for tax rate, net income attributable to ecolab and diluted eps further exclude the impact of discrete tax items. we include items within special (gains) and charges and discrete tax items that we believe can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results. after tax special (gains) and charges are derived by applying the applicable local jurisdictional tax rate to the corresponding pre-tax special (gains) and charges.
ebitda is defined as the sum of net income including non-controlling interest, provision for income taxes, net interest expense, depreciation and amortization. ebitda is used in our net debt to ebitda ratio, which we view as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization.
we evaluate the performance of our international operations based on fixed currency rates of foreign exchange. fixed currency amounts included in this form 10-k are based on translation into u.s. dollars at the fixed foreign currency exchange rates established by management at the beginning of 2023. we also provide our segment results based on public currency rates for informational purposes.
our reportable segments do not include the impact of intangible asset amortization from the nalco and purolite transactions or the impact of special (gains) and charges as these are not allocated to our reportable segments.
our non-gaap financial measures for organic sales, organic operating income and organic operating income margin are at fixed currency and exclude the impact of special (gains) and charges, the results of our acquired businesses from the first twelve months post acquisition and the results of divested businesses from the twelve months prior to divestiture. as part of the separation of championx in 2020, we entered into a master cross supply and product transfer agreement with championx to provide, receive or transfer certain products for a period up to 36 months and for a small set of products with limited suppliers over the next few years. sales of product to championx under this agreement are recorded in product and equipment sales in the corporate segment along with the related cost of sales. these transactions are removed from the consolidated results as part of the calculation of the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.
these non-gaap measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to u.s. gaap and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. we recommend that investors view these measures in conjunction with the u.s. gaap measures included in this md&a and we have provided reconciliations of reported u.s. gaap amounts to the non-gaap amounts in this md&a.
46
