item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. listed below, not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence, are the most significant risk factors applicable to us. additionally, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. see "forward-looking statements."
risks related to geopolitical events instability in geographies where we have significant operations and personnel or where we derive substantial amounts of revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, customers, service delivery, and financial results.
we have significant operations and personnel in ukraine and belarus. ongoing conflict and disruption in the region following russia's invasion of ukraine in february 2022 has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, customers, service delivery, and financial results.
economic, civil, military, energy supply and political uncertainty exists and may increase in many of the regions where we operate and derive our revenues. in particular, as of december 31, 2023, approximately 12,600 of our global delivery, administrative and support personnel were based in ukraine and belarus, both of which are involved in or affected by russia's invasion of ukraine. while a significant number of our employees from belarus and from our former operations in russia have relocated, and we expect more employees may relocate to our other delivery locations in the future, we expect to continue operating in ukraine and belarus and we also have significant operations in bordering countries and in countries allied with russia in the nearby emerging market economies of eastern europe and central asia, which currently are, and in the future may be, adversely impacted by regional instability.
in addition to a significant number of personnel and operations in ukraine, we also own an office building in kyiv and lease office space in a number of cities in ukraine, all or some of which may be damaged or destroyed as a result of the continued attacks against ukraine. any escalation of the conflict that includes belarus or its military could jeopardize our personnel, facilities, and operations in belarus. the impact to ukraine, as well as actions taken by other countries, including arms shipments and new and stricter sanctions by canada, the united kingdom, the european union and its member countries, the u.s. and other countries and organizations against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in the annexed portions of ukraine and belarus, and responses to such shipments, sanctions, tensions, and military actions has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations.
in order to protect against potential cyberattacks or other information security threats, some of our customers have implemented steps to block internet communications with ukraine and belarus, which has had a material adverse effect on our ability to deliver our services from those locations. our customers have sought and may continue to seek altered terms, conditions, and delivery locations for the performance of services, delay planned work or seek services from alternate providers, or suspend, terminate, fail to renew, or reduce existing contracts or services, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. the material adverse effects from the conflict, enhanced sanctions activity, and counter-sanctions may continue to disrupt our delivery of services, has caused us to shift portions of our work occurring in the region to other countries, and may continue to restrict our ability to engage in certain projects or with certain customers.
epam is actively monitoring and enhancing the security of our people and the stability of our infrastructure, including communications, physical assets, energy supply, and internet availability. our business continuity plans are designed to address known contingency scenarios to ensure that we have adequate processes and practices in place to protect the safety of our people and to handle anticipated impacts on our delivery capabilities. our crisis management procedures, business continuity plans, and disaster recovery capabilities may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of prolonged or multiple crises, such as civil unrest, military conflict, energy instability and a pandemic in a concentrated geographic area or in multiple geographies. we continue to execute our business continuity plans in response to developments as they occur and to protect the safety of our personnel and address potential impacts on our delivery infrastructure. to date we have not experienced any material interruptions in our infrastructure, utility supply or internet connectivity needed to support our customers. we implemented contingency plans to relocate work and/or personnel to other geographies within our global footprint and add new locations, as appropriate. increased operations, service delivery, and hiring in existing or new geographies, including in more developed economies, has and is likely to continue to increase our expenses, especially compensation expenses for technology professionals in those markets, which could reduce the profitability of our business.
10
table of contents events in the regions where we operate have and could continue to pose security risks to our people, our facilities, our operations, and our infrastructure, such as utilities and network services, and the further disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our operations and financial results, cause additional volatility in the price of our stock, and reduce our profitability. we have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the war in ukraine or its impacts in belarus or the region because the conflict and government reactions are rapidly changing and beyond our control. whether in these countries or in others in which we operate, prolonged civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, broad-based sanctions or counter-sanctions, should they continue for the long-term or escalate, could require us to further rebalance our geographic concentrations and could have a material adverse effect on our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook.
risks related to our personnel and growth we may be unable to effectively manage our growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management, systems, resources, and results of operations.
we have experienced uneven growth and expansion of our business over the past several years. our growth and expansion has been both organic and through strategic acquisitions and investments and has resulted in part from managing larger and more complex projects for our customers, but consequently requires that we invest substantial amounts of cash in human capital and the infrastructure to support them, including training, administration, and facilities in existing and new geographies. our growth has significantly slowed at times, particularly during 2023, due to waning customer demand, primarily due to uncertainty resulting from macroeconomic conditions following the covid-19 pandemic. rapid growth followed by decreased demand places significant strain on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure, and creates challenges, including:
•recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled professionals and management personnel and balancing headcount with customer requirements;
•balancing an increase in the number of experienced personnel that have correspondingly higher billing rates due to promotions with hiring, training, and deploying less experienced personnel at the lower rates sought by customers;
•planning and maintaining resource utilization rates consistently and efficiently using on-site, off-site and offshore staffing;
•developing and maintaining close and effective relationships with potential and existing customers in a greater number of industries and locations;
•controlling costs and minimizing cost overruns and project delays in our delivery operations and infrastructure;
•effectively maintaining productivity levels and implementing process improvements across geographies and business units during periods of uneven customer demand; and
•evolving our information security and our internal administrative, operational and financial infrastructure.
if customers do not choose us for large and complex projects or we do not effectively manage those projects, our reputation may be damaged and our business and financial goals will not be realized. we need to generate business and revenues to support new investments and infrastructure projects. we have and will continue to invest in new lines of business, such as software development education, ai, and expanded consulting services. as we introduce new services, enter into new markets and new customer relationships, and take on increasingly large and complex projects, our business will face new risks and challenges. expansion into direct-to-consumer offerings in the highly regulated education industry and joint venture relationships with our customers could result in increased liability, start-up, and compliance costs. if the challenges associated with expansion and new investments negatively impact our anticipated growth and margins, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we must successfully attract, hire, train and retain qualified personnel to service our customers' projects and we must productively utilize those personnel to remain profitable.
identifying, recruiting, hiring and retaining professionals with skill sets that meet our existing and anticipated demand across our broad geography of operations is critical to maintaining existing engagements and obtaining new business and has become more challenging in the changing economic and labor climate. if we are unable to recruit professionals with the skills required by our business and customers and/or if we do not productively deploy those professionals and use our physical infrastructure and fixed-cost resources productively, our profitability will be significantly impacted. we must manage the utilization levels of the professionals that we hire and train by planning for future needs effectively and staffing projects appropriately while accurately predicting the general economy and our customers' need for our services. if we are unable to attract, hire, train, and retain highly skilled personnel and productively deploy them on customer projects, we will jeopardize our ability to meet our customers' expectations and develop ongoing and future business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
11
table of contents competition for highly skilled professionals has intensified in the markets where we operate, and we may experience significant employee turnover rates due to such competition. higher wage expectations driven by wage inflation could also create challenges for our recruiting efforts. if we are unable to retain professionals with specialized skills, our revenues, operating efficiency and profitability will decrease, as will our ability to meet emerging technological challenges. cost reductions, such as reducing headcount or voluntary departures that result from our failure to retain the professionals we hire, negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire personnel to meet our business requirements. price increases resulting from increasing compensation to retain personnel may be a contributing factor in a decline in demand for our services.
if we are unable to keep pace with the adoption and use of generative ai technology in our business and effectively implement generative ai in our workforce planning and deployment, we could become less competitive in our industry.
we are increasingly incorporating ai, and particularly generative ai, into our products, services, and business, both due to customer demand and because we expect that integrating generative ai into our services is required to remain competitive in a rapidly evolving market. we have made and expect to continue to make significant development and operations investments to build and support ai capabilities, products, and services so that we can meet the needs of our customers and remain competitive in our industry. if we are unable or slow to develop, adopt, and deploy generative ai technologies in our business, our competitiveness against our industry peers will suffer.
generative ai technologies could disrupt the significant effort we put into identifying, recruiting, hiring, retaining, and efficiently utilizing our professionals and our ability to charge for their services. our customers have asked, and may come to expect, that we use generative ai to develop software for them at comparatively lower costs than software developed by our human delivery personnel. as we plan, develop, and implement changes to our delivery model to balance those services that can only be performed by humans against those that can be performed by generative ai, we may have insufficient or excess delivery personnel than required to meet customer demand. customers may be unwilling to pay rates for human delivery personnel if they perceive that the same services can be performed by less expensive generative ai and may seek other service providers or price concessions to retain their business, which could adversely affect our financial results.
there may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of some of our personnel or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged.
in several countries, certain of our personnel and certain of the personnel of companies that we have acquired are retained as independent contractors. the criteria to determine whether an individual is considered an independent contractor or an employee are typically fact sensitive, vary by jurisdiction, and are subject to change and interpretation. if a government authority changes the applicable laws or a court makes an adverse determination with respect to independent contractors in general or one or more of our independent contractors specifically, we could incur significant costs, including for prior periods, related to tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers' compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and increase the difficulty of attracting and retaining personnel.
our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. if one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. if any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and other key personnel to those competitors. if we are unable to attract new senior executives or key personnel due to the intense competition for talent in our industry, it could disrupt our business operations and growth.
12
table of contents if we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently and effectively, or if acquisitions do not perform to our expectations, our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected.
strategic acquisitions are part of our growth strategy, but these transactions involve significant risks. acquired companies may not advance our business strategy or achieve a satisfactory return on our investment and we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired employees, businesses, company cultures, customer relationships, or operations. in addition, we may need to implement controls, processes, and policies appropriate for a multi-national public company at acquired companies that may have previously lacked such controls, processes, and policies in areas such as cybersecurity, it, and privacy. acquisitions divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business. furthermore, contracts between our acquired companies and their customers sometimes lack terms and conditions that adequately protect us against the risks associated with the services we provide, and our acquired companies' business operations can expose us to potential liability before integration is complete. if not effectively managed, the disruption of our ongoing business, increases in our expenses, including significant one-time expenses and write-offs, assumption of unknown liabilities, including tax, litigation, cybersecurity, and commercial risks, and difficulty and complexity of effectively integrating acquired operations may adversely affect our overall growth and profitability.
risks related to our operations increases in wages, equity compensation, and other compensation expenses could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage, increase our costs, and result in dilution to our stockholders.
wages for technology professionals in the emerging markets where we have significant operations and delivery centers are lower than comparable wages in more developed countries. however, wages in general, and in the technology industry in emerging markets in particular, have increased at a faster rate than in the past, which will make us less competitive if we are not able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our people. if we increase operations and hiring in more developed economies, our compensation expenses will increase because of the higher wages demanded in those markets. wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent, ordinary course pay increases, or broader market forces, all increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability when we are not able to pass those costs on to our customers or adjust prices when justified by market demand.
we expect to continue granting equity-based awards under our stock incentive plans and paying other stock-based compensation. there are significant expenses associated with issuing stock-based compensation under our equity incentive plans, but if we reduce the amount or value of equity award grants, we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel. conversely, if we grant more or higher value equity awards to attract and retain key personnel, our equity compensation expenses could materially adversely affect our results of operations. regulations restricting equity compensation, volatility in our stock, and dilution to our stockholders diminishes our use and the value of equity-based awards and puts us at a competitive disadvantage or causes us to reconsider our compensation practices.
our operations in emerging markets subject us to greater economic, financial, and banking risks than we would face in more developed markets.
we have significant operations in emerging market economies in eastern europe, latin and south america, india, and certain other asian countries, all of which are more vulnerable to market and economic volatility than larger and more developed markets and present risks to our business and operations. a majority of our revenues are generated in north america and western europe. however, most of our personnel and delivery centers are located in lower cost locations, including emerging markets. this exposes us to foreign exchange risks relating to revenues, compensation, purchases, capital expenditures, receivables and other balance-sheet items. as we continue to leverage and expand our global delivery model into other emerging markets, a larger portion of our revenues and incurred expenses may be in currencies other than u.s. dollars. currency exchange volatility caused by economic instability or other factors could materially impact our results. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
13
table of contents the economies of certain emerging market countries where we operate have experienced periods of considerable instability and have been subject to abrupt downturns. we have cash in banks in countries such as belarus, ukraine, kazakhstan, georgia, armenia and uzbekistan, where the banking sector generally does not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured, and the banking system remains subject to instability and changes in regulations that complicate business transactions. some of the countries where we operate have sanctioned certain of the banks that we use in the emerging market economies where we also have operations, which has delayed our intercompany payments and could delay or prevent payments to vendors or receipts from customers. further elongation or escalation of the military conflict in ukraine could contribute to a banking crisis in ukraine, belarus, or the region. a banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks that receive or hold our funds may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to complete banking transactions in that region. in addition, some countries where we operate may impose regulatory or practical restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies within their banking systems, which would limit our ability to use cash across our global operations and increase our exposure to currency fluctuations. emerging market vulnerability, and especially its impact on currency exchange volatility and banking systems, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we face intense and increasing competition for customers and opportunities from onshore and offshore it services and other consulting companies. if we are unable to compete successfully against competitors, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the market for our services is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. we face competition from offshore it services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house it departments of large corporations. customers tend to engage multiple it services providers instead of using an exclusive it services provider, which reduces our revenues and places downward pressure on pricing among competing it services providers. customers may prefer service providers that have more locations, more personnel, more experience in a particular country or market, or that are based in countries that are more cost-competitive or have the perception of being more stable than some of the emerging markets in which we operate.
some of our present and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources; therefore, we may be unable to retain our customers or successfully attract new customers. increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business.
complying with a wide variety of legal requirements in the jurisdictions where we operate can create risks to our operations and financial condition, including liquidation of the subsidiaries that operate our major delivery centers.
our global operations require us to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, trade and foreign exchange restrictions, sanctions, inflation, unstable civil, political and military situations, labor issues, and legal systems that make it more difficult to enforce intellectual property, contractual, or corporate rights. certain legal provisions in belarus and ukraine, where our local subsidiaries operate important delivery centers and employ a significant number of billable and support professionals, may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. belarus has authorized government seizures of property and assets or the takeover of management of commercial organizations owned by or affiliated with specified foreign states if those states or their affiliated companies or actors commit actions deemed unfriendly to belarus. if we fail to comply with certain requirements, including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can impose fines or seek the involuntary liquidation of our local subsidiaries in court, and creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims, demand early performance of legal obligations, and demand compensation for any damages. involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
14
table of contents the focus on environmental, social and governance topics, including commitments and disclosures we have made and may need to make, may result in additional operational costs and negative reputational impacts.
expectations from our customers, investors, employees, and regulators regarding our environmental, social, and governance, or esg, strategy and commitments continue to evolve. as investor policy and sentiment changes, and regulations and legislation related to esg disclosure and climate change initiatives are adopted and implemented regionally and globally, our compliance obligations may not be completely aligned with investor support for esg investments. failure to invest in and comply with esg initiatives and regulations could limit our access to certain markets, result in fines, or cause reputational harm. changes in policy and laws may require disclosures and commitments that we are not able to meet, and regulations, treaties or initiatives in response to climate change could result in increased operational costs associated with environmental regulations and increased compliance and energy costs, each of which could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations. our processes and controls may not always comply with evolving standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting esg metrics, including esg-related disclosures that may be required of public companies by the sec or other regulatory bodies, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. additionally, if we are unable to meet our esg goals and objectives, we could also face scrutiny from certain constituencies related to the scope and nature of those goals or any revisions to those goals, and we may suffer reputational harm with investors, our customers, and current or potential employees.
our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the governments of belarus and other countries.
in belarus, one local subsidiary is a member, along with other technology companies, of high-technologies park. members have a full exemption from belarus income tax and value added tax until 2049 and are taxed at reduced amounts on obligatory social contributions and a variety of other taxes. if the tax policies in belarus or other countries where we operate are changed, terminated, or not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our operating expenses and/or our effective income tax rate could increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - provision for income taxes."
risks related to regulation and legislation existing policy and substantial changes to fiscal, political, regulatory and other federal policies may adversely affect our business and financial results.
changes in general economic or political conditions in the united states, including a recession, government shutdown, or a sovereign debt default, could adversely affect our business. u.s. policy with respect to a variety of issues, including ai, international trade agreements, conducting business offshore, inflation mitigation, interest rates, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, foreign relations, immigration laws and travel restrictions, antitrust controls and enforcement, and corporate governance laws, could have a positive or negative impact on our business.
the majority of our professionals are offshore. companies that outsource services to organizations operating in other countries remain a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the united states, which is our largest source of revenues. the u.s. congress periodically proposes legislation that could impose restrictions on offshore outsourcing and on our ability to deploy employees holding u.s. work visas to customer locations, both of which could adversely impact our business. such legislative measures could broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and contracts and impact private industry with tax disincentives, intellectual property transfer restrictions, and restrictions on the use or availability of certain work visas.
some of our projects require our personnel to obtain visas to travel and work at customer sites outside of our personnel's home countries and often in the united states. our reliance on visas to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed makes us vulnerable to legislative and administrative changes in the number of visas to be issued in any particular year and other work permit laws and regulations. the process to obtain the required visas and work permits can be lengthy and difficult and variations due to political forces and economic conditions in the number of permitted applications, as well as application and enforcement processes, may cause delays or rejections when trying to obtain visas. delays in obtaining visas or other work authorizations may result in delays in the ability of our personnel to travel to meet with and provide services to our customers or to continue to provide services on a timely basis. in addition, the availability of a sufficient number of visas without significant additional costs could limit our ability to provide services to our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could. delays in or the unavailability of visas and work permits could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
15
table of contents we are subject to laws and regulations in the united states and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions, the fcpa, and similar anti-corruption laws. compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures.
we are subject to many laws and regulations that restrict our international operations, including laws that prohibit activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to u.s. sanctions. the u.s. office of foreign assets control, or ofac, and other international bodies have imposed sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. we are also subject to the fcpa and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other countries, all of which prohibit companies and their intermediaries from bribing government officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices, although adherence to local customs and practices is generally not a defense under u.s. and other anti-bribery laws.
our compliance program contains controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with the fcpa, ofac and other sanctions, and laws and regulations. the continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of our compliance program may be time consuming, expensive, and could result in the discovery of compliance issues or violations by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware.
any violations of these or other laws, regulations and procedures by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents, including third parties with which we associate or companies we acquire, could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or business restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in us under certain state laws.
risks related to our industry and customers we generally do not have long-term commitments from our customers, our customers may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts, and we are not guaranteed payment for services performed under contract. a loss of business or non-payment from significant customers could materially affect our results of operations.
our ability to maintain continuing relationships with our major customers and successfully obtain payment for our services is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. however, the volume of work performed for any specific customer is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our customers' exclusive it services provider and we generally do not have long-term commitments from customers to purchase our services. we may also fail to assess the creditworthiness of our customers adequately or accurately. our customers' ability to terminate engagements with or without cause and our customers' inability or unwillingness to pay for services we performed makes our future revenues and profitability uncertain. although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from customers who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our customers are typically for projects that are singular in nature. therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end.
there are a number of factors relating to our customers that are outside of our control, which might lead them to terminate or not renew a contract or project with us, or be unable to pay us, including:
•financial difficulties, including customer insolvency or bankruptcy or increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates;
•corporate restructuring, or mergers and acquisitions activity;
•our inability to complete our contractual commitments and invoice and collect our contracted revenues;
•change in strategic priorities or economic conditions, resulting in elimination of the impetus for the project or a reduced level of technology related spending;
•change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the customer's in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and
•replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors.
termination, non-renewal, or renegotiation of a customer contract or delayed starts to projects could cause us to experience a higher-than-expected number of unassigned employees and thus compress our margins until we are able to reallocate our headcount. customers that delay payment, request modifications to their payment arrangements, or fail to meet their payment obligations to us could increase our cash collection time, cause us to incur bad debt expense, or cause us to incur expenses in collections actions. the loss of any of our major customers, a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or price they are willing or able to pay us, if not replaced by new service engagements and revenues, could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
16
table of contents our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
a substantial portion of our customers are concentrated in five specific industry verticals: financial services; software & hi-tech; business information & media; travel & consumer; and life sciences & healthcare. our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from customers in these five industry verticals and other industries that we target or may target in the future, and also depends on trends in these industries to outsource the type of services we provide.
a downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource it services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. some of our customers in the software & hi-tech industry vertical have experienced lay-offs, depressed stock prices, higher borrowing costs, and lower consumer spending on technology products and services which has resulted in reduced spending on our and other outsourced services. other developments in the industries in which we operate may increase the demand for lower cost or lower quality it services and decrease the demand for our services or increase the pressure our customers put on us to reduce pricing. we may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
furthermore, developments in the industries we serve could shift customer demand to new services, solutions or technology. if our customers demand new services, solutions or technologies, we may be less competitive in these new areas or may need to make significant investments to meet that demand. additionally, as we expand into serving new industry verticals, our solutions and technology may be used by, or generally affect, a broader base of customers and end users, which may expose us to new business and operational risks.
if our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable.
we face a number of risks when pricing our contracts and setting terms with our customers. our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our projects, the marketplace, global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility and inflation) and the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. larger and more complex projects that involve multiple engagements or stages heighten those pricing risks because a customer may choose not to retain us for additional stages or delay forecasted engagements, which disrupts our planned project resource requirements. if our pricing for a project includes dedicated personnel or facilities and the customer were to slow or stop that project, we may not be able to reallocate resources to other customers. our pricing and cost estimates for the work that we perform may include anticipated long-term cost savings that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. because of such inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our projects, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts, such as defined performance goals, service levels, and completion schedules. the risk of underpricing our services or underestimating the costs of performing the work is heightened in fixed-price contracts and in contracts that require our customer to receive a productivity benefit as a result of the services performed under the contract. if we fail to accurately estimate the resources, time or quality levels required to complete such engagements, or if the cost to us of employees, facilities, or technology unexpectedly increases, we could be exposed to cost overruns. any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of the services, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable.
our industry is sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general economic downturns. given our significant revenues from north america and europe, if those economies weaken or enter a recession, pricing for our services may be depressed and our customers may reduce or postpone their technology related spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
17
table of contents we face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services.
we have a long selling cycle for our services. before potential customers commit to use our services, they require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our customers' decision to select another service provider or in-house resources to perform the services, the timing of our customers' budget cycles, and customer procurement and approval processes. if our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it could negatively affect the timing of our revenues and our revenue growth. in certain cases, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract, which may cause fluctuations in recognizing revenues between periods or jeopardize our ability to collect payment from customers.
implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our customers and us. our current and future customers may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential customers despite devoting significant time and resources. any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services processes could have a material adverse effect on our business.
if we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards, we may lose customers and our business could be materially adversely affected.
rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our products and services. our ability to anticipate developments in our industry, enhance our existing services, develop and introduce new services, provide enhancements and new features for our products, and keep pace with changes and developments are critical to meeting changing customer needs. developing solutions for our customers is extremely complex and is expected to become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of new platforms, operating systems, technologies and methodologies. our ability to keep pace with, anticipate or respond to changes and developments is subject to a number of risks, including that:
•we may not be able to develop new, or update existing services, applications, tools and software quickly or inexpensively enough to meet our customers' needs;
•we may find it difficult or costly to make existing software and products work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems;
•we may find it challenging to develop new, or update existing software, services, and products to keep pace with evolving industry standards, methodologies, technologies, and regulatory developments in the industries where our customers operate at a pace and cost that is acceptable to our customers; and
•we may find it difficult to maintain high quality levels with new technologies and methodologies.
we may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments in a timely manner, or if we do respond, the services, products, technologies or methodologies we develop or implement may not be successful in the marketplace. further, services, products, technologies or methodologies that our competitors develop may render our services or products non-competitive or obsolete. our failure to enhance our existing services and products and to develop and introduce new services and products to promptly address the needs of our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.
if we cause disruptions to our customers' businesses, provide inadequate service, or breach contractual obligations, our customers may have claims for substantial damages against us and our reputation may be damaged. our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against such claims.
errors made by our professionals in the course of delivering services or our failure to meet our contractual obligations to a customer are disruptive to the customer's business and can expose confidential or personally identifiable information to third parties. these events have resulted and could in the future result in a reduction in our revenues, damage to our reputation, and in customers terminating our engagement and making claims for substantial damages against us. some of our customer agreements do not limit our potential liability for occurrences such as breaches of confidentiality and intellectual property infringement indemnity, and we cannot generally limit liability to third parties with which we do not have a contractual relationship. in some cases, breaches of confidentiality obligations, including obligations to protect personally identifiable information, may entitle the aggrieved party to equitable remedies, including injunctive relief.
18
table of contents although we maintain professional liability insurance, product liability insurance, cyber incident insurance, commercial general and property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers' compensation coverage, and umbrella insurance for certain of our operations, our insurance coverage does not insure against all risks in our operations or all claims we may receive. damage claims from customers or third parties brought against us or claims that we initiate due to the disruption of our business, information security systems, litigation, or natural disasters, may not be covered by our insurance, may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage, and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources even if insured. some types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in some countries in which we operate, and we cannot insure against damage to our reputation. the assertion of one or more large claims against us, whether or not successful and whether or not insured, could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant failure in our systems, telecommunications or it infrastructure could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and otherwise disrupt our business.
our service model relies on maintaining active and stable utility connections, voice and data communications, online resource management, financial and operational record management, customer service and data processing systems between our customer sites, our delivery centers and our customer management locations. our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these technologies or systems, which could be due to software malfunction, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrades, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, military action, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, government shutdowns, demands placed on internet infrastructure by growing numbers of users, increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disruptions, particularly in the case of multiple or catastrophic events. loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems for a period of time could hinder our performance or our ability to complete customer projects on time which, in turn, could lead to a reduction of our revenues or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and business reputation.
our ability to generate and retain business could depend on our reputation in the marketplace.
our services are marketed to customers and prospective customers based on a number of factors, including reputation. our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our customers' evaluation of whether to engage our services. our customers' perception of our ability to add value through our services is critical to the profitability of our engagements. we believe the epam brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees.
our corporate reputation is susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former customers and employees, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. there is a risk that negative information about us, even if untrue, could adversely affect our business, could cause damage to our reputation and be challenging to repair, could make potential or existing customers reluctant to select us for new engagements, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the epam brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us.
we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business and competitive position.
we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in some countries in which we operate may not be as effective as in other countries with more developed intellectual property protections.
we require our employees and independent contractors to assign to us all intellectual property and work product they create in connection with their employment or engagement. these assignment agreements also obligate our personnel to keep proprietary information confidential. if these agreements are not enforceable in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, or are breached, we cannot ensure that we will solely own the intellectual property they create or that our proprietary information will not be disclosed. our customers and certain vendors are generally obligated to keep our information confidential, but if these contractual obligations are not entered, or are breached or deemed unenforceable, our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information may be subject to unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure. reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our and our customers' proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable unauthorized parties to benefit from our or our customers' technologies, tools and applications without payment and may make us liable to our customers for damages and compensation, which could harm our business and competitive position.
19
table of contents we rely on our trademarks, trade names, service marks and brand names to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors. we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. third parties may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of our trademarks. in the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources to advertising and marketing new brands. further, we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate knowledge of infringement or resources to enforce our trademarks. if we do enforce our trademarks and our other intellectual property rights through litigation, we may not be successful and the litigation may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
we may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. if we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights and may be unable to continue providing our existing services.
our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies, products, and services without infringing the intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks, of third parties. we may be unaware of intellectual property rights relating to our products or services that may give rise to potential infringement claims against us, including the extensive litigation related to ownership of intellectual property rights associated with the images and text used to train generative ai software. authors and other copyright holders seek to hold developers of generative ai software liable for using their copyrighted materials without permission and may seek to hold us or our customers liable for contributing to the infringement of their copyrighted materials. if those intellectual property rights are relevant to our service offerings, we may need to license those rights on commercially reasonable terms in order to continue to use the applicable technology. there may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that if subject to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, may become unavailable to us if such third parties obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property.
if we are unable to license technologies needed for our business, we typically indemnify customers who purchase our products, services and solutions against potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk and cost of defending the underlying infringement claims. these claims require us to initiate or defend litigation, which may be costly and protracted, on behalf of our customers, regardless of the merits of these claims, and our indemnification obligations are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. intellectual property litigation could also divert our management's attention from our business and existing or potential customers could defer or limit their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until we resolve such litigation. if any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing products, services, or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property that such services or solutions allegedly infringe. if we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our services or solutions.
in addition, the existence and ownership of intellectual property rights created by generative ai technologies is currently subject to judicial and legislative review, and many jurisdictions do not recognize the existence of any protectable intellectual property rights in materials created by generative ai. if we are unable to meet our customers' expectations relating to the ownership of the intellectual property underlying software deliverables, we may face legal liability. we believe ai software developers occasionally indemnify their licensees against intellectual property claims, but we think it is unlikely such indemnification obligations would cover our potential damages, if any.
any of these actions, regardless of the outcome of licensing negotiations, litigation, or merits of the claim, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
20
table of contents risks related to information security and data protection security breach and other disruption to our network security that compromise our information will expose us to liability and would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, process, transmit, and view sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information belonging to us, our customers, our respective employees, and other end users. this information is stored in our data centers and networks or in the data centers and networks of third-party providers. physical security and the secure storage, processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. our internal technology infrastructure or the technology infrastructure of our third-party providers on which our information security depends may be subject to disruptions or may otherwise fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control and that could adversely affect our ability to provide services or keep our information secure. such events include it attacks or failures, threats to physical security, electrical or telecommunications outages, damaging weather or other acts of nature, or employee or contractor error or malfeasance.
our employees and contractors and our vendors, software and hardware suppliers, and other third parties in our information security supply chain, as well as sophisticated individual or collective groups of hackers, such as state-sponsored organizations, all pose threats to our information security. these individual, group, and organized actors have a variety of methods at their disposal, including deploying malicious software, exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software, or infrastructure, using social engineering or deceptive techniques to obtain information or gain access to our or our customers' data, exploiting remote working connectivity and security susceptibilities, and executing coordinated attacks to compromise our services, disrupt our operations or gain access to our communications, networks and data centers.
we have in the past experienced cybersecurity incidents and expect to continue to be the target of malicious attacks. threats to information security evolve constantly and are increasingly sophisticated and complex, which makes detecting and successfully defending against them more difficult. undetected vulnerabilities that persist in our network environment over long periods of time could spread within our networks or into the networks and systems of our other suppliers and customers. an attack may be viewed as immaterial or isolated at the time of its occurrence but later viewed as material or part of a larger and coordinated effort at a later date. we frequently update and improve our information security environment and assess and adopt new methods, devices, and technologies, but our policies and information security controls may not keep pace or be designed to detect emerging threats and our response to incidents may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not be fast enough to prevent or limit harm, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident.
our ability to monitor our third-party suppliers' information security systems is limited and we are not able to detect vulnerabilities in their systems until we are notified of the existence of those vulnerabilities. there have been and will continue to be attacks on our and third parties' information security supply chains. we cannot guarantee that our information security supply chain has not been breached and does not contain exploitable defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities that could result in an incident, breach, or other disruption to our system or the systems of our customers or suppliers.
despite our multiple security measures, any breach of our facilities, network, or information security defenses compromises the information stored in those locations and allows the accessed information to be held for ransom, publicly disclosed, misappropriated, lost or stolen. such a breach, misappropriation, or disruption, or the perception that we are vulnerable to a breach, could also disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, and any actual, alleged, or perceived breach of network or information security that we, our suppliers, our customers, or our industry suffer could damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, as well as require us to expend significant resources, which may not be covered by insurance, to protect against further breaches and to rectify problems caused by these events. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under applicable laws, regulatory penalties or enforcement actions, and could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position.
21
table of contents development and deployment of measures to protect our information security or that of our customers may be inadequate and could adversely affect our results of operations.
to defend against information security threats internally, at our third-party providers, and on our customers' systems, we must continuously engineer or purchase more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, improve deployment and compliance with software updates, assess and develop mitigation strategies and technologies to help secure information, hire information security specialists, and maintain a security infrastructure that protects our network, products, and services, and the software we build for our customers. some of our customers seek additional assurances for the protection of their sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, and attempt to hold us liable, through contractual indemnification clauses or directly, for any losses or damages in the event that their sensitive information is disclosed. at times, to achieve commercial objectives, we agree to greater liability exposure to such customers. in addition, government regulators have sought and may continue to seek to impose fines, penalties, and other civil or criminal consequences for real or suspected security breaches and perceived inadequate information security. our customers, particularly those in the financial services and life sciences & healthcare industry verticals, may have enhanced or particular security requirements which we must address in our engineering and development services. other parties, such as our customers' customers, who have a private right of action, will seek damages for any information security or privacy breach on an individual or collective basis, and our customers have in the past, and may in the future, request to be indemnified against such claims. we must also educate our employees, contractors, and customers about the need to effectively use security measures.
the cost of information security measures, either to protect our information or the information of our customers, and the cost of complying with privacy and information security disclosure regulations, reduces our profitability. actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our software and services, even if those vulnerabilities are the result of hardware or software developed by third parties, harm our reputation and lead customers to use our competitors, reduce or delay future purchases of our services, or seek compensation or damages.
changes in privacy and data protection regulations could expose us to risks of noncompliance and costs associated with compliance.
epam is subject to the gdpr, the substantially similar u.k. gdpr, the privacy laws of california and other u.s. states, and the privacy laws of the countries where we operate, each of which imposes significant restrictions and requirements relating to the processing of personal data and can include significant financial penalties for non-compliance. these and other state, national and international data protection laws that are or will soon be effective are more burdensome than historical privacy standards, especially in the united states. california's privacy laws, the u.k. gdpr, and gdpr each established complex legal obligations that organizations must follow with respect to the processing of personal data, including a prohibition on the transfer of personal information to third parties or to other countries, and the imposition of additional notification, security and other control measures. recent developments in privacy regulations, including the new eu-u.s. trans-atlantic data privacy framework, that are designed to secure the transfer of data from the eu to the united states have created significant regulatory uncertainty for businesses transferring data globally. this uncertainty results in increased compliance costs, as well as the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in significant financial penalties, private lawsuits, reputational damage, blockage of international data transfers, disruption to business, and loss of customers.
enforcement actions taken by data protection authorities, as well as audits, investigations, or lawsuits by one or more individuals, organizations, or foreign government agencies often result in penalties and fines for non-compliance or claims against us seeking damages as a result of a breach of these regulations. the burden of compliance with additional data protection requirements results in significant additional costs, complexity and risk in our services and customers attempt to shift the risks resulting from the implementation of data privacy legislation to us. we are required to establish processes and change certain operations in relation to the processing of personal data as a result of privacy laws, which involves substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business.
22
table of contents undetected software design defects, errors or failures may result in loss of business or in liabilities that could materially adversely affect our business.
our software development solutions involve a high degree of technological complexity, have unique specifications and could contain design defects or software errors that are difficult to detect or correct, including as a result of the introduction of new and emerging technologies such as ai. errors or defects in design, execution, or quality inspections may result in the loss of current customers, revenues, market share, or customer data, a failure to attract new customers or achieve market acceptance and could divert development resources and increase support or service costs. we cannot provide assurance that, despite testing by our customers and us, errors will not be found in the software products we develop or the services we perform. any such errors could result in disruptions to the proper functioning of the software we build, cause disruptions in our customers' business, and allow unauthorized access to our or our customers' proprietary information, resulting in claims for damages against us, litigation, and reputational harm that could materially adversely affect our business.
general risk factors our stock price is volatile.
our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by our competitors, third parties, or us, projections or speculation about our business or that of our competitors or industry by the media or investment analysts, geopolitical events or uncertainty about inflation or other current global economic conditions. the stock market, as a whole, has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies' operating performance. furthermore, we believe our stock price should reflect future growth and profitability expectations and, if we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly decline.
expense related to our liability-classified restricted stock units, which are subject to mark-to-market accounting, and the calculation of the weighted average diluted shares outstanding in accordance with the treasury method are both affected by our stock price. any fluctuations in the price of our stock will affect our future operating results.
we may need additional capital, and a failure to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges.
we believe that our current cash, cash flow from operations and revolving line of credit are sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. we may, however, require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions that we may decide to pursue. if these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another credit facility, and we cannot be certain that such additional financing would be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. the sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders, and additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service costs and obligations and could impose operating and financial covenants that would further restrict our operations.
our hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts with a number of counterparties. as a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract. during an economic downturn, the counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. in the event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. in the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.
23
table of contents war, terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or man-made disasters may affect the markets in which we operate, our customers, and our service delivery.
our business may be negatively affected by instability, disruption or destruction in the geographic regions where we operate. war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; man-made and natural disasters, the severity and frequency of which have increased due to climate change, and include famine, flood, fire, earthquake, pandemics and other regional or global health crises, storm or disease, may cause customers to delay their decisions on spending for the services we provide and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disasters, particularly in the case of simultaneous or catastrophic events. these events pose significant security risks to our people, the facilities where they work, our operations, electricity and other utilities, communications, travel, and network services, and the disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our financial results. travel restrictions resulting from natural or man-made disruptions, pandemics or other public health events, and political or social conflict increase the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly skilled and qualified professionals and could unexpectedly increase our labor costs and expenses, both of which could also adversely affect our ability to serve our customers.
our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors.
we conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including changes in the amount of income taxed by or allocated to the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changing tax laws, treaties, regulations and interpretations of such rules in one or more jurisdictions, including the global implementation of a 15% minimum tax under pillar two of the oecd base erosion and profit shifting initiative; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties. the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by authorities in various jurisdictions. if a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and proposes an adjustment, including, but not limited to, a determination that the transfer prices and terms we have applied are not appropriate, such an adjustment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, business, and profitability.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled "forward-looking statements" and "part i. item 1a. risk factors." we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.
executive summary we have used our software engineering expertise to become a leading global provider of digital engineering, cloud and ai-enabled transformation services, as well as a leading business and experience consulting partner for global enterprises and ambitious startups. we address our clients' transformation challenges by fusing epam continuum's integrated strategy, experience and technology consulting with our 30+ years of engineering execution to speed our clients' time to market and drive greater value from their digital investments.
through increased specialization in focused verticals and a continued emphasis on strategic partnerships, we are able to deliver technology transformation from start to finish, leveraging agile methodologies, proven customer collaboration frameworks, engineering excellence tools, hybrid teams and our award-winning proprietary global delivery platform.
our customers depend on us to solve their complex technical challenges and rely on our expertise in core engineering, advanced technologies, digital design and intelligent enterprise development. we combine our software engineering heritage with strategic business and innovation consulting, design thinking, and physical-digital capabilities to deliver end-to-end digital transformation services for our customers. we focus on building long-term partnerships with our customers in a market that is constantly challenged by the pressures of digitization through our innovative strategy and scalable software solutions, integrated advisory, business consulting and experience design, and a continually evolving mix of advanced capabilities.
our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources, enhance our productivity levels and enable us to better manage the efficiency of our global operations. as a result, we have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our global delivery centers to our customers across the world. our teams of consultants, designers, architects, engineers and trainers have the capabilities and skill sets to deliver business results.
business update regarding the war in ukraine on february 24, 2022, russian forces attacked ukraine and its people and epam has repeatedly called for an immediate end to this unlawful and unconscionable attack. epam's highest priority is the safety and security of its employees and their families in ukraine as well as the broader region, and we have continued to support relocating our employees to lower risk locations, both in ukraine and to other countries where we operate. the vast majority of our ukraine employees are in safe locations and operating at levels of productivity consistent with those achieved prior to the attack. as of december 31, 2023, ukraine remains our largest delivery location with the most delivery professionals. furthermore, we have maintained our $100 million humanitarian aid commitment to our people in ukraine in addition to our other donations and volunteer efforts.
prior to the attack in february 2022, russia was our third largest delivery location as measured by the number of delivery professionals. in april 2022, the company announced the beginning of a phased exit of our operations in russia in close collaboration with our employees, contractors, and customers. we discontinued services to certain customers located in russia and on july 26, 2023, we completed the sale of our remaining holdings in russia to a third party.
30
table of contents the impact of russia's invasion of ukraine on our operations, personnel, and physical assets in ukraine has had, and, along with any escalation of the war that includes belarus' territory or military, could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations. actions taken by other countries, including new and stricter sanctions by canada, the united kingdom, the european union, the u.s. and other companies and organizations against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in belarus, and belarus' responses to those sanctions, including counter-sanctions and other actions, have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations. customers have and may continue to seek altered terms, conditions, and delivery locations for the performance of services, delay planned work or seek services from alternate providers, or suspend, terminate, fail to renew, or reduce existing contracts or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. some of our customers have implemented steps to block internet communications with ukraine and belarus to protect against potential cyberattacks or other information security threats, which has caused a material adverse effect on our ability to deliver our services to these customers from those locations. such material adverse effects disrupt our delivery of services, cause us to shift all or portions of our work occurring in the region to other countries, restrict our ability to engage in certain projects in the region and serve certain customers in or from the region, and could negatively impact our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook. our board of directors continues its oversight of our strategic, geopolitical, and cybersecurity risks and the risks related to our geographic expansion. our board has received updates from management during both regular and special meetings, while also providing oversight of the risks associated with russia's invasion of ukraine and other strategic areas of importance related to the war.
moving forward we continue to execute our business continuity plans and adapt to developments as they occur to protect the safety of our people and address impacts on our delivery infrastructure, including reallocating work to other geographies within our global footprint. we have engaged both our personnel and our customers to meet their needs and to mitigate delivery challenges. epam continues to operate productively in more than 50 countries and provides consistent high-quality delivery to our customers. our global delivery centers have sufficient resources, including infrastructure and capital, to support ongoing operations. we continue to rapidly respond to the difficult conditions in ukraine while maintaining a focus on our customers and long-term growth.
implementation and execution of our business continuity plans, relocation costs, our humanitarian commitment to our people in ukraine, and the cost of our phased exit from russia resulted in materially increased expenses during 2022 and these expenses continued to be incurred in 2023. we expect some of those expenses will continue to occur in subsequent quarters for some time in the future.
we have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the war in ukraine because the conflict and government reactions change quickly and are beyond our control. prolonged military activities, broad-based sanctions and counter-sanctions, or escalation of the war that includes belarus' territory or military could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. the information contained in this section is accurate as of the date hereof but may become outdated due to changing circumstances beyond our control or present awareness.
for additional information on the various risks posed by the attack against ukraine and the impact in the region as well as other disruptors to our business, please read "part i. item 1a. risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect: (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period and (iii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, and expectations regarding the future based on available information and reasonable assumptions, which together form a basis for making judgments about matters not readily apparent from other sources. since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. when reviewing our audited consolidated financial statements, you should consider (i) our selection of critical accounting policies, (ii) the judgment and other uncertainties affecting the application of such policies and (iii) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. we consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places significant demands on the judgment of our management.
31
table of contents an accounting policy is considered critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. we believe that the following critical accounting policies are the most sensitive and require more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. you should read the following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included elsewhere in this annual report. additional information on our policies is in note 1 "organization and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k.
revenues - we recognize revenues when control of goods or services is passed to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. such control may be transferred over time or at a point in time depending on satisfaction of obligations stipulated by the contract. consideration expected to be received may consist of both fixed and variable components and is allocated to each separately identifiable performance obligation based on the performance obligation's relative standalone selling price. variable consideration usually takes the form of volume-based discounts, service level credits, price concessions or incentives. determining the estimated amount of such variable consideration involves assumptions and judgment that can have an impact on the amount of revenues reported.
we derive revenues from a variety of service arrangements, which have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to customers by combining software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements. we generate the majority of our revenues under time-and-material contracts, which are billed using hourly, daily or monthly rates to determine the amounts to be charged directly to the customer. we apply a practical expedient and revenues related to time-and-material contracts are recognized based on the right to invoice for services performed.
fixed-price contracts include maintenance and support arrangements, which may exceed one year in duration. maintenance and support arrangements generally relate to the provision of ongoing services and revenues for such contracts are recognized ratably over the expected service period. fixed-price contracts also include application development arrangements, where progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured using input or output methods and input methods are used only when there is a direct correlation between hours incurred and the end product delivered. assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent in the estimates used to measure progress could affect the amount of revenues, receivables and deferred revenues at each reporting period.
revenues from licenses which have significant stand-alone functionality are recognized at a point in time when control of the license is transferred to the customer. revenues from licenses which do not have stand-alone functionality are recognized over time. if there is an uncertainty about the receipt of payment for the services, revenue recognition is deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. we apply a practical expedient and do not assess the existence of a significant financing component if the period between transfer of the service to a customer and when the customer pays for that service is one year or less.
we report gross reimbursable "out-of-pocket" expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income.
business combinations - we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration, to properly allocate purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. a substantial portion of the purchase price is typically allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets, which typically include customer relationships, software, trade names, non-competition agreements, and assembled workforce. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions used include the timing and amount of forecasted revenues and cash flows, anticipated growth rates, customer attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows, and the useful lives for finite-lived assets. there are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. these determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain.
32
table of contents we determine the fair value of contingent consideration using monte carlo simulations (which involve a simulation of future revenues and earnings during the earn-out period using management's best estimates) or probability-weighted expected return methods. changes in financial projections, market risk assumptions, discount rates or probability assumptions related to achieving the various earn-out criteria would result in a change in the fair value of contingent consideration. such changes, if any, are recorded within interest and other income/(loss), net in the company's consolidated statements of income.
if the initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported to present information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. once the measurement period ends, which in no case extends beyond one year from the acquisition date, revisions to the accounting for the business combination are recorded in earnings.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 "organization and summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
results of operations the following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated. this information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                     2022                                                             2021
% of revenues                                                    % of revenues                                                    % of revenues
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)
revenues                                                                   $4,690,540                           100.0      %                  $4,824,698                         100.0      %                  $3,758,144                         100.0      %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)(1)                  3,256,514                      69.4                          3,286,683                          68.1                          2,483,697                          66.1
selling, general and administrative expenses(2)                               815,065                            17.4                            872,777                          18.1                            648,736                          17.3
depreciation and amortization expense                                          91,800                             1.9                             92,272                           1.9                             83,395                           2.2
loss on sale of business                                                       25,922                             0.6                                  -                             -                                  -                             -
income from operations                                                        501,239                            10.7                            572,966                          11.9                            542,316                          14.4
interest and other income/(loss), net                                          51,124                             1.0                             10,025                           0.2                            (1,727)                             -
foreign exchange loss                                                        (15,778)                           (0.3)                           (75,733)                         (1.6)                            (7,197)                         (0.2)
income before provision for income taxes                                      536,585                            11.4                            507,258                          10.5                            533,392                          14.2
provision for income taxes                                                    119,502                             2.5                             87,842                           1.8                             51,740                           1.4
net income                                                                   $417,083                             8.9      %                    $419,416                           8.7      %                    $481,652                          12.8      %
effective tax rate                                                               22.3     %                                                         17.3   %                                                          9.7   %
diluted earnings per share                                                      $7.06                                                              $7.09                                                            $8.15
(1) includes $68,797, $47,470 and $51,580 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(2) includes $78,933, $52,439 and $60,075 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
33
table of contents revenues we continue to diversify our presence across multiple geographies and verticals, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. during the year ended december 31, 2023, our total revenues decreased 2.8% from the previous year to $4.691 billion. revenues have been negatively impacted by reduced demand for our services as our customers took action to reduce spending, in light of the uncertain economic environment and to reduce their geographic exposure to the region impacted by the war in ukraine, and our decision to exit russia and discontinue services to customers there, which contributed 1.0% to the year-over-year decline. revenues have been positively impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates which partially offset our revenue decline by 0.6% during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the previous year. during the year ended december 31, 2023 we experienced similar customer concentration in our top customer groups as a percentage of total revenues as compared to the previous year.
we discuss below the breakdown of our revenues by vertical, customer location, service arrangement type, and customer concentration.
revenues by vertical we assign our customers into one of our five main vertical markets or a group of various industries where we are increasing our presence, which we label as "emerging verticals." emerging verticals include customers in multiple industries such as energy, utilities, manufacturing, automotive, telecommunications and several others.
the following table presents our revenues by vertical and revenues as a percentage of total revenues by vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                2022                                                    2021
(in thousands, except percentages)
travel &amp; consumer                     $1,072,950                    22.9   %                  $1,092,224                    22.7   %                    $741,128                    19.7   %
financial services                         1,018,433                    21.7                       1,026,686                    21.3                         848,370                    22.6
business information &amp; media             753,981                    16.1                         809,952                    16.8                         666,941                    17.7
software &amp; hi-tech                       707,720                    15.1                         793,261                    16.4                         664,597                    17.7
life sciences &amp; healthcare               489,914                    10.4                         507,367                    10.5                         391,309                    10.4
emerging verticals                           647,542                    13.8                         595,208                    12.3                         445,799                    11.9
revenues                                  $4,690,540                   100.0   %                  $4,824,698                   100.0   %                  $3,758,144                   100.0   %
travel & consumer remained our largest vertical during 2023, comprising 22.9% of total revenues. except for emerging verticals, which grew at a rate of 8.8% in 2023 over the prior year, all of our verticals experienced revenue declines in 2023 from the prior year.
revenues by customer location our revenues are sourced from multiple countries, which we assign into four geographic markets identified as americas, emea, apac, and cee. we present and discuss our revenues by customer location based on the location of the specific customer site that we serve, irrespective of the location of the headquarters of the customer or the location of the delivery center where the work is performed. revenues by customer location differ from revenues by reportable segment in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. segments are not based on the geographic location of the customers, but rather they are based on the location of the company's management responsible for a particular customer.
34
table of contents the following table sets forth revenues by customer location by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                              2022                                                    2021
(in thousands, except percentages)
americas (1)            $2,742,662                    58.4   %                  $2,887,204                    59.9   %                  $2,226,830                    59.3   %
emea (2)                 1,822,782                    38.9                       1,737,919                    36.0                       1,259,717                    33.4
apac (3)                   102,138                     2.2                         120,370                     2.5                         103,559                     2.8
cee (4)                     22,958                     0.5                          79,205                     1.6                         168,038                     4.5
revenues                $4,690,540                   100.0   %                  $4,824,698                   100.0   %                  $3,758,144                   100.0   %
(1)americas includes revenues from customers in north, central and south america.
(2)emea includes revenues from customers in western europe and the middle east.
(3)apac, or asia pacific, includes revenues from customers in east asia, southeast asia and australia.
(4)cee includes revenues from customers in belarus, georgia, kazakhstan, russia, ukraine and uzbekistan. on july 26, 2023, the company completed the sale of its remaining holdings in russia to a third-party.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, revenues in the americas, our largest geography, were $2.743 billion, decreasing $144.5 million, or 5.0%, from $2.887 billion reported for the year ended december 31, 2022, largely due to a ramp down initiated in the fourth quarter of 2022 of a large transformation program at a customer that was previously in our top 10 customers as well as reduced spending at certain other large accounts and generally slower growth in revenues across a range of customers in the geography. revenues from this geography accounted for 58.4% of total revenues in 2023, a decrease from 59.9% in the prior year. the united states continued to be our largest customer location contributing revenues of $2.634 billion in 2023 compared to $2.761 billion in 2022.
revenues in our emea geography were $1.823 billion, an increase of $84.9 million, or 4.9%, over $1.738 billion in the previous year. revenues in this geography accounted for 38.9% of consolidated revenues in 2023 as compared to 36.0% in the previous year. the top three revenue contributing customer location countries in emea were the united kingdom, switzerland and the netherlands generating revenues of $585.2 million, $367.1 million and $236.3 million in 2023, respectively, compared to $619.3 million, $323.4 million and $215.4 million in 2022, respectively. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates with the u.s. dollar, particularly the euro, swiss franc and the british pound, during 2023 compared to the same period in the prior year positively impacted revenue growth in the emea geography by 2.0%. revenues in the region benefited from acquisitions which contributed $1.9 million to revenue growth in 2023.
during 2023, revenues in our cee geography decreased $56.2 million, or 71.0%, from the previous year. in 2023, revenues in cee included $13.3 million of revenues from customers in russia, compared to $64.7 million in 2022. on march 4, 2022, we announced our decision to discontinue our services to customers located in russia and on july 26, 2023, we completed the sale of our remaining holdings in russia to a third-party. as a result of this sale, the revenues from this geography are expected to dissipate in the future.
revenues from customers in locations in our apac region comprised 2.2% of total revenues in 2023, a level consistent with the prior year.
discussion of revenues from 2022 as compared to 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
revenues by customer concentration we have long-standing relationships with many of our customers and we seek to grow revenues from our existing customers by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements. revenues derived from these customers may fluctuate as these accounts mature, upon beginning or completion of multi-year projects or due to external economic environment trends. we believe there is a significant potential for future growth as we expand our capabilities and offerings within existing customers. in addition, we remain committed to diversifying our client base and adding more customers to our client mix through organic growth and strategic acquisitions, and over the long-term, we expect revenue concentration from our top customers to decrease.
35
table of contents the following table presents revenues contributed by our customers by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                          2022                                                    2021
(in thousands, except percentages)
top five customers                    $780,606                    16.6   %                    $793,603                    16.4   %                    $682,147                    18.2   %
top ten customers                   $1,109,033                    23.6   %                  $1,149,966                    23.8   %                    $966,486                    25.7   %
top twenty customers                $1,660,174                    35.4   %                  $1,698,916                    35.2   %                  $1,394,546                    37.1   %
customers below top twenty          $3,030,366                    64.6   %                  $3,125,782                    64.8   %                  $2,363,598                    62.9   %
the following table shows the number of customers grouped by revenues recognized by the company for each year presented:
year ended december 31,
2023                    2022                    2021
over $20 million          44                      49                      40
$10 - $20 million          56                      51                      38
$5 - $10 million          76                      85                      63
$1 - $5 million         305                     303                     271
$0.5 - $1 million         175                     185                     133
revenues by service offering our service arrangements have been evolving to provide more customized and integrated solutions to our customers where we combine software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services. we are continually expanding our service capabilities, moving beyond traditional services into business consulting, design and physical product development.
the following table shows revenues by service offering as an amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the years indicated:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                             2022                                                    2021
(in thousands, except percentages)
professional services                  $4,661,733                    99.4   %                  $4,800,047                    99.5   %                  $3,739,143                    99.5   %
licensing and other revenues               28,807                     0.6   %                      24,651                     0.5   %                      19,001                     0.5   %
revenues                               $4,690,540                   100.0   %                  $4,824,698                   100.0   %                  $3,758,144                   100.0   %
see note 13 "revenues" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for more information regarding our contract types and related revenue recognition policies.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
the principal components of our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, project-related travel costs and fees for subcontractors who are assigned to customer projects. salaries and other compensation expenses of our delivery professionals are reported as cost of revenues regardless of whether the employees are actually performing services for customers during a given period. our employees are a critical asset, necessary for our continued success and therefore we expect to continue hiring talented employees and providing them with competitive compensation programs.
we manage the utilization levels of our delivery professionals through strategic hiring practices, dynamic management of staff, and efficient staffing of projects. some of these professionals are hired and trained to work for specific customers or on specific projects and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific customers or projects. our staff utilization also depends on the general economy and its effect on our customers and their business decisions regarding the use of our services.
36
table of contents during the year ended december 31, 2023, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $3.257 billion, representing a decrease of 0.9% from $3.287 billion reported last year. the decrease during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to 2022, was primarily due to a decrease in compensation costs, other than stock-based compensation expense, resulting from a reduction in variable compensation expense attributable to a lower level of financial performance for the year, a 5.0% decline in the average number of production professionals and the impact from the cost optimization program initiated in the third quarter of 2023. see note 12 "cost optimization program" for more information regarding the company's restructuring program. other drivers that contributed to the year-over-year decrease were a decline in costs associated with our humanitarian efforts for ukraine of $17.7 million and our unbilled business continuity resources of $5.3 million. the decreases were partially offset by higher expenses due to the impact of salary increases and promotions for existing delivery professionals, the relocation of employees to higher cost geographies, a $21.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, and a 1.2% unfavorable impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was 69.4% and 68.1% during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the year-over-year increase is primarily due to lower utilization attributable to uneven demand for our services, a higher level of stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by the reduction in variable compensation expense attributable to a lower level of financial performance for the year, a decline in costs associated with our humanitarian efforts for ukraine and unbilled business continuity resources.
discussion of cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) from 2022 as compared to 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses represent expenditures associated with promoting and selling our services and general and administrative functions of our business. these expenses include the costs of salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, severance, bad debt, travel, legal and accounting services, insurance, facilities including operating leases, advertising, and other promotional activities. additionally, selling, general and administrative expenses contain costs of relocating our employees and various one-time and unusual expenses such as impairment charges.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, selling, general and administrative expenses were $815.1 million, representing a decrease of 6.6% as compared to $872.8 million reported last year. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses during 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to a $34.7 million decrease in personnel-related costs, other than stock-based compensation and severance expenses, resulting from a reduction in variable compensation expense attributable to a lower level of financial performance for the year and decreases in headcount, partially offset by the impacts from salary increases and promotions for existing professionals and relocation of employees to higher cost geographies. other drivers that contributed to the year over year decrease were a $36.9 million decrease of expenses associated with our geographic repositioning of our workforce, and a $9.7 million decrease of expenses associated with our humanitarian efforts for ukraine. the decreases were partially offset by a $26.5 million increase in stock-based compensation expense and a $29.0 million of employee separation costs incurred as part of the cost optimization program initiated during the year ended december 31, 2023, see note 12 "cost optimization program" for more information regarding the company's restructuring program. additionally, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year 2022 were impacted by the recognition of $19.6 million of impairment charges related to our long-lived assets in russia, $17.1 million of charges related to employee separation costs in russia, and $5.1 million of bad debt expense attributable to customers located in russia.
expressed as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 0.7% to 17.4% for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily driven by reductions in russia-related impairment charges, expenses associated with the geographic repositioning of our workforce, costs related to our humanitarian efforts for ukraine, and variable compensation expense.
discussion of selling, general and administrative expenses from 2022 as compared to 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of physical assets used in the operation of our business such as computer equipment, software, buildings we purchased, leasehold improvements as well as various office furniture and equipment. depreciation and amortization expense also includes amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets.
37
table of contents during the year ended december 31, 2023, depreciation and amortization expense was $91.8 million, representing a decrease of $0.5 million from $92.3 million reported in the prior year. the decrease in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily the result of lower depreciation on furniture, fixtures, other equipment and computer hardware, partially offset by increased depreciation on software licenses and increased amortization of acquired finite-lived intangible assets. expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense remained the same at 1.9% during the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to 2022.
discussion of depreciation and amortization expense from 2022 as compared to 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
loss on sale of business on july 26, 2023, the company completed the sale of its remaining holdings in russia to a third-party. the company recorded a loss on sale of $25.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2023, including the recognition of the accumulated currency translation loss related to this foreign entity that was previously included in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
interest and other income/(loss), net interest and other income/(loss), net includes interest earned on cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, gains and losses from certain financial instruments, interest expense related to our borrowings, government grant income, and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration. interest and other income/(loss), net increased from $10.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2022 to $51.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2023. this increase was largely driven by a $40.7 million increase in interest income from our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments resulting from improved interest rates, and by an $8.3 million decrease in loss due to the change in fair value of contingent consideration, partially offset by a $3.2 million decrease in government grant income and a $2.6 million increase in interest expense.
discussion of interest and other income/(loss), net from 2022 as compared to 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
provision for income taxes determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any potential related valuation allowances involves judgment. we consider factors that may contribute, favorably or unfavorably, to the overall annual effective tax rate in the current year as well as the future. these factors include statutory tax rates and tax law changes in the countries where we operate and excess tax benefits upon vesting or exercise of equity awards as well as consideration of any significant or unusual items.
as a global company, we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. during 2023, 2022 and 2021, we had $325.7 million, $428.7 million and $404.9 million, respectively, in income before provision for income taxes attributed to our foreign jurisdictions. changes in the geographic mix or level of annual pre-tax income can also affect our overall effective income tax rate.
our provision for income taxes includes the impact of provisions established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related net interest and penalty expense. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we cannot provide assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from our current estimates. we adjust these reserves after consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, statute of limitation lapse or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
the provision for income taxes was $119.5 million in 2023 and $87.8 million in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by a significant decrease in excess tax benefits recorded upon vesting or exercise of stock-based awards which were $19.8 million in 2023 compared to $35.1 million in 2022, as well as an increase in pre-tax income and u.s. state tax. the effective tax rate increased from 17.3% in 2022 to 22.3% in 2023 primarily due to the decrease in excess tax benefits recorded upon vesting or exercise of stock-based awards, as well as an increase in u.s. state tax and losses in certain foreign jurisdictions with no corresponding tax benefit.
discussion of the provision for income taxes from 2022 as compared to 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
38
table of contents foreign exchange loss for discussion of the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - foreign exchange risk."
results by business segment our operations consist of three reportable segments: north america, europe, and russia. the segments represent components of epam for which separate financial information is available and used on a regular basis by our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker ("codm"), to determine how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. our codm makes business decisions based on segment revenues and segment operating profits. segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. certain corporate expenses are not allocated to specific segments as these expenses are not controllable at the segment level. such expenses include certain types of professional fees, certain taxes included in operating expenses, compensation to non-employee directors and certain other general and administrative expenses, including compensation of specific groups of non-production employees. in addition, the company does not allocate stock-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, goodwill and other asset impairment charges, acquisition-related costs and certain other one-time charges and benefits. these unallocated amounts are combined with total segment operating profit to arrive at consolidated income from operations.
we manage our business primarily based on the managerial responsibility for the client base and market. as managerial responsibility for a particular customer relationship generally correlates with the customer's geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between customer locations and the geographic boundaries of our reportable segments. in some cases, managerial responsibility for a particular customer is assigned to a management team in another region and is usually based on the strength of the relationship between customer executives and particular members of epam's senior management team. in such cases, the customer's activity would be reported through the respective management team member's reportable segment. our europe segment includes our business in the apac region, which is managed by the same management team.
on july 26, 2023, we completed the sale of our remaining holdings in russia to a third party. as a result of this sale, we no longer have operations associated with this segment. see note 2 "impact of the invasion of ukraine" for more information.
revenues from external customers and operating profit/(loss), before unallocated expenses, by reportable segments for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                       2022                            2021
(in thousands)
segment revenues:
north america                             $2,765,022                      $2,898,554                      $2,242,248
europe                                     1,909,443                       1,853,056                       1,350,484
russia                                        16,075                          73,088                         165,412
total segment revenues                    $4,690,540                      $4,824,698                      $3,758,144
segment operating profit/(loss):
north america                               $520,945                        $589,412                        $462,798
europe                                       250,634                         223,276                         233,727
russia                                       (5,866)                        (13,460)                          32,547
total segment operating profit              $765,713                        $799,228                        $729,072
north america segment during 2023, north america segment revenues decreased $133.5 million, or 4.6%, from the previous year. revenues from our north america segment represented 58.9% of total segment revenues, a decrease from 60.1% reported in the corresponding period of 2022. acquisitions contributed $8.2 million to north america segment revenues during 2023. during 2023 as compared to 2022, north america segment operating profits decreased $68.5 million, or 11.6%, to $520.9 million. expressed as a percentage of revenue, north america segment operating profit decreased to 18.8% in 2023 as compared to 20.3% in 2022. this decrease is primarily attributable to lower utilization, partially offset by a decrease in variable compensation expense as a percentage of segment revenues during 2023 compared to 2022.
39
table of contents the following table presents north america segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,               change
2023                                                        2022                                            dollars                               percentage industry vertical                                                                                                         (in thousands, except percentages)
software &amp; hi-tech                      $552,492                            $655,122                    $(102,630)                          (15.7)     %
financial services                           538,837                             522,970                    15,867               3.0                       %
travel &amp; consumer                        472,350                             505,227                    (32,877)                             (6.5)     %
business information &amp; media             429,800                             467,664                    (37,864)                             (8.1)     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare               429,245                             454,102                    (24,857)                             (5.5)     %
emerging verticals                           342,298                             293,469                    48,829               16.6                      %
revenues                                  $2,765,022                          $2,898,554                    $(133,532)                           (4.6)     %
during the year ended december 31, 2023, software & hi-tech remained the largest industry vertical in the north america segment which was a result of the continued focus on engaging with our technology customers. however, a reduction in revenues from a former top 20 customer and overall declines in the technology sector in the u.s. during 2023 impacted the revenues in this vertical. financial services grew 3.0% in 2023 compared to the prior year primarily due to growth in demand from a group of wealth management and insurance customers. travel and consumer declined 6.5% during 2023 compared to the prior year primarily due to declines from customers in the retail industry, partially offset by growth from our travel customers. during the year ended december 31, 2023, revenues from the business information & media vertical experienced a decrease of 8.1% primarily due to declines from customers in the information providing and credit reporting sectors. life sciences & healthcare declined 5.5% during 2023 compared to the prior year primarily due to a ramp down of a large transformation program at a customer that was previously one of our top 10 customers. emerging verticals experienced 16.6% growth during 2023 compared to the prior year due to growth from various customers in industries such as energy, education, manufacturing and automotive.
europe segment during 2023, europe segment revenues were $1.909 billion, reflecting an increase of $56.4 million, or 3.0%, from last year. acquisitions contributed $2.2 million to europe segment revenues during 2023. revenues were positively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates during 2023. had our europe segment revenues been expressed in constant currency terms using the exchange rates in effect during 2022, we would have reported revenue growth of 1.1%. revenues from our europe segment represent 40.7% and 38.4% of total segment revenues during 2023 and 2022, respectively.
during 2023, europe segment operating profits increased $27.4 million, or 12.3% as compared to last year, to $250.6 million. europe segment operating profit represented 13.1% of europe segment revenues as compared to 12.0% in 2022. europe segment operating profit was positively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and a decrease in variable compensation expense, partially offset by lower utilization during 2023 compared to 2022.
the following table presents europe segment revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,                                                       change
2023                                                        2022                                                     dollars                    percentage industry vertical                                                                                                       (in thousands, except percentages)
travel &amp; consumer                       $596,830                            $571,437                        $25,393                          4.4     %
financial services                           472,146                             460,858                         11,288                          2.4     %
business information &amp; media             323,985                             341,344                       (17,359)                        (5.1)     %
software &amp; hi-tech                       153,683                             136,273                         17,410                         12.8     %
life sciences &amp; healthcare                60,549                              52,465                          8,084                         15.4     %
emerging verticals                           302,250                             290,679                         11,571                          4.0     %
revenues                                  $1,909,443                          $1,853,056                        $56,387                          3.0     %
40
table of contents travel & consumer remained the largest industry vertical in the europe segment during the year ended december 31, 2023. the europe segment benefited from 4.4% growth in travel & consumer during the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to 2022, primarily due to increased demand from customers in the retail and distribution industries. during the year ended december 31, 2023, revenues in financial services experienced 2.4% growth primarily driven by increased revenues from insurance customers as well as customers who provide other financial services. revenues in business information & media decreased during 2023 primarily due to decreased demand from one of our top 10 customers. revenue growth in software & hi-tech during the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to 2022, was largely attributable to the expansion of services provided to one of our top 20 customers as well as growth in customers outside of our top 100 customers. revenues in emerging verticals grew 4.0% during 2023, with growth experienced from customers in the energy and automotive industries, and partially offset by declines from customers in the telecommunications industry.
russia segment on march 4, 2022, we announced that we would discontinue services to customers located in russia and would provide transition support for customers in this market. in april 2022, we began the process of a phased exit of our operations in russia and on july 26, 2023, we completed the sale of our remaining holdings in russia to a third party. as a result of this sale, the company no longer has operations associated with this segment. see note 2 "impact of the invasion of ukraine" for more information regarding our decisions to no longer serve customers in russia and exit our operations in russia.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, revenues from our russia segment decreased $57.0 million, or 78.0%, as compared to the corresponding period of 2022 and accounted for 0.3% of total segment revenues. during the year ended december 31, 2023, segment operating loss from the russia segment was $5.9 million, representing an improvement of $7.6 million, as compared to a segment operating loss of $13.5 million in the corresponding period last year largely driven by higher costs incurred in the prior year related to russia's invasion of ukraine and the company's decision to exit russia. as a percentage of russia segment revenues, the russia segment's operating loss increased to 36.5% during the year ended december 31, 2023, from 18.4% in the corresponding period of 2022 as we continued to decrease our revenues in the russia segment.
discussion of segment results from 2022 as compared to 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
effects of inflation economies in many countries where we operate have periodically experienced high rates of inflation, including during 2023. periods of higher inflation may affect various economic sectors in those countries and increase our cost of doing business there. we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition to date. we continue to track the impact of inflation, particularly on wages, while attempting to minimize its effects through pricing and cost management strategies. a higher-than-normal rate of inflation in the future could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.
liquidity and capital resources capital resources our cash generated from operations has been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations, investments to support the growth of our business and share repurchases. as of december 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling $2.036 billion, short-term investments totaling $60.7 million as well as $675.0 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. see note 10 "debt" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding the terms of our revolving credit facility and information about debt.
41
table of contents cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
for the years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                     2022                                2021
(in thousands)
consolidated statements of cash flow data:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                $562,634                            $464,104                            $572,327
net cash used in investing activities                                                    (66,768)                           (182,927)                           (368,924)
net cash used in financing activities                                                   (165,773)                             (2,021)                            (59,557)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash              29,379                            (44,867)                            (18,032)
net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                               $359,472                            $234,289                            $125,814
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period                         1,683,636                           1,449,347                           1,323,533
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period                              $2,043,108                          $1,683,636                          $1,449,347
operating activities our largest source of cash provided by operating activities is cash generated from our professional services that we provide to our customers. our primary uses of cash from operating activities include compensation to our employees and related costs, payments for leased facilities, various general corporate expenditures and income tax payments. since the invasion of ukraine in 2022, our operating activities included using cash on humanitarian efforts for ukraine and geographic repositioning of our workforce.
cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was primarily driven by the company's cash collections from customer contracts, which was partially offset by variable compensation payments, severance payments related to the cost optimization program and other working capital outflows. cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was primarily driven by the company's cash collections from customer contracts, which were partially offset by variable compensation payments and epam's humanitarian efforts for ukraine and geographic repositioning.
investing activities our primary uses of cash from investing activities consist of purchases of computer hardware, software and office equipment, as well as investments into office buildings and new businesses. we also use cash for short-term investments and time deposits, and receive cash upon maturity of these deposits. most of our investments are typically short-term and cash equivalent in nature but we may invest in longer term deposits if the terms are favorable. the cash used in investing activities during 2023 was primarily attributable to $28.4 million used for capital expenditures and $24.8 million used for the acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired. the cash used in investing activities during 2022 was primarily attributable to $81.6 million used for capital expenditures, an investment of $60.0 million in time deposits and $10.6 million used for the acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired.
financing activities cash used in financing activities mainly consists of repurchasing shares of epam common stock under a share repurchase program announced in 2023, payments of withholding taxes related to net share settlements of restricted stock units, repayments of debt, and settlements of the acquisition-date fair value of contingent consideration related to acquisitions of businesses. cash provided by financing activities mainly consists of the proceeds from the purchases of shares under our espp and exercises of stock options issued under our long-term incentive plans as well as proceeds from debt. we typically do not rely on debt to supplement our cash flows. net cash used in financing activities increased from 2022 to 2023 primarily due to $164.9 million of payments to repurchase our common stock.
discussion of the comparison of the cash flows between 2022 and 2021 is included in "part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
42
table of contents future capital requirements we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. however, the invasion of ukraine, other various geopolitical events, and the related measures to contain their impact, have caused and may continue to cause material disruptions in financial markets and economies. these disruptions may increase our costs of capital, decrease returns on investment, and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
our ability to generate cash is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors including the impact of the invasion of ukraine, as described elsewhere in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. to the extent that existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and operating cash flows are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. if we issue equity securities in order to raise additional funds, substantial dilution to existing stockholders may occur. if we raise cash through the issuance of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to additional contractual restrictions on our business and there is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all. our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans and to meet our long-term capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate at which our cash flows increase or decrease and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing.
see note 9 "leases", note 10 "debt", note 17 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding our various contractual obligations and capital expenditure requirements.
off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements we do not have any material obligations under guarantee contracts or other contractual arrangements other than as disclosed in note 17 "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities where we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us.
