item 1a: risk factors for purposes of this section, the term "stockholders" means the holders of shares of essex property trust, inc.'s common stock. set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to essex property trust, inc.'s stockholders and essex portfolio, l.p.'s unitholders. you should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our company, our properties and our business.
our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual operating results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results.
risks related to our real estate investments and operations general real estate investment risks may adversely affect property income and values, and therefore our stock price may be adversely affected. if the communities and other real estate investments, including development and redevelopment properties, do not generate sufficient income to meet operating and financing expenses, cash flow and the ability to make distributions will be adversely affected. income and growth from the communities may be further adversely affected by, among other things, the following factors, in addition to the other risk factors listed in this item 1a:
•changes in the general or local economic climate that could affect demand for housing, including layoffs, due to an increase in the use of new technologies to replace workers, slowing job growth, and other events negatively impacting local employment rates, wages and the local economy;
•changes in demand for rental housing due to a variety of factors, including relocations of employees from local employers, increased worker locational flexibility and changing demographics, which could lead to a relative decrease in the renting population as the domestic population skews older due to the aging of baby boomers and older people may be more likely to purchase, rather than rent, homes,
•changes in supply and cost of housing;
•changes in economic conditions, such as high inflationary periods in which our operating and financing costs may increase at a rate greater than our ability to increase rents, or deflationary periods where rents may decline more quickly relative to operating and financing costs; and
•the appeal and desirability of our communities to tenants relative to other housing alternatives, including the size and amenity offerings, safety and location convenience, and our technology offerings.
short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents, and the company may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. if the company is unable to promptly renew or re-let existing leases, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then the company's results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected.
economic environments can negatively impact the company's liquidity and operating results. in the event of a recession or other negative economic effects, the company could incur reductions in rental and occupancy rates, property valuations and increases in costs. any such recession or economic downturn may also affect consumer confidence and spending and negatively impact the volume and pricing of real estate transactions, which could negatively affect the company's liquidity and its ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes to the economy. furthermore, if residents do not increase their income, they may be unable or unwilling to pay rent.
rent control, or other changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect the company's operations, property values or expose us to liability. the company must own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop its properties in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. these laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, rent control or stabilization laws, emergency orders, laws benefiting disabled persons, federal, state and local tax laws, landlord tenant laws, environmental laws, employment laws, immigration laws and other laws regulating housing or that are generally applicable to the company's business and operations. changes in, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations could expose the company to liability and could require the company to make significant unanticipated expenditures to address noncompliance.
existing and future rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations, along with similar laws and regulations that expand tenants' rights or impose additional costs on landlords, may reduce rental revenues or increase operating costs. such laws and regulations limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants or recover increases in our operating expenses and could reduce the value of our communities or make it more difficult for us to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. expenses associated with our investment in these communities, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from the community.
the future outbreak of contagious diseases could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. if there is a future outbreak of contagious diseases, such as covid-19, the company may be subject to eviction moratoria or limits on rent increases and collection efforts, or may be legally required to or otherwise agree to restructure tenants' rent obligations on less favorable terms than those currently in place. in the event of tenant nonpayment, default or bankruptcy, we may incur costs in protecting our investment, collecting delinquent rents, and re-leasing our property and we may have limited ability to renew existing leases or sign new leases at levels consistent with market rents. a new pandemic or disease outbreak may also cause increased costs, lower profitability and market fluctuations that may affect our ability to obtain necessary funds for our business or may otherwise negatively impact the ability of the company's third-party mezzanine loan borrowers and preferred equity investment sponsors to repay the company. additionally, the company may be subject to temporary or permanent legislative restrictions that may inhibit our ability to conduct normal business activities including timely repairs, maintenance and customer service acquisitions of communities involve various risks and uncertainties and may fail to meet expectations. the company's acquisition of apartment communities may fail to meet the company's expectations due to factors including inaccurate estimates of future income, expenses and the costs of improvements or redevelopment, which may be exacerbated by the lack of current market data due to limited deal flow. further, the value and operational performance of an apartment community may be diminished if neighborhood changes occur before we are able to redevelop or sell the community. also, in connection with such acquisitions, we may assume unknown or contingent liabilities, which could ultimately lead to material costs for us that we did not expect to incur. in addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with apartment communities may exceed our expectations, and we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the use of equity financing for future developments or acquisitions could dilute the interest of the company's existing stockholders. if the company finances new acquisitions under existing lines of credit, there is a risk that, unless the company obtains substitute financing, the company may not be able to undertake additional borrowing for further acquisitions or developments or such borrowing may not be available on advantageous terms.
development and redevelopment activities may be delayed, not completed, and/or not achieve expected results. the company pursues development and redevelopment projects, including densification projects and those activities generally entail certain risks, including:
•funds may be expended and management's time devoted to projects that may not be completed on time or at all;
•construction costs may exceed original estimates possibly making some projects economically unfeasible;
•projects may be delayed or abandoned due to, without limitation, weather conditions, labor or material shortages, municipal office closures and staff shortages, government recommended or mandated work stoppages, or environmental remediation;
•occupancy rates and rents at a completed project may be less than anticipated;
•expenses may be higher than anticipated, including, without limitation, due to inflationary pressures, supply chain issues, costs of litigation over construction contracts, environmental remediation or increased costs for labor, materials and leasing;
•we are reliant on third party contractors' and vendors' ability to deliver services and products as planned, and if the timeframe, quality or scope of such services and products are different than we expected, our projects may be subject to increased costs and our future income may be lower than expected;
•we may be unable to obtain, or experience a delay in obtaining, necessary governmental approvals or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or delay or abandonment of opportunities;
•we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development or redevelopment of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity; and
•we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process.
the geographic concentration of the company's communities and fluctuations in local markets may adversely impact the company's financial condition and operating results. the company's communities are concentrated in northern and southern california and the seattle metropolitan area, which exposes the company to greater economic risks. factors that may adversely affect local market and economic conditions include regional specific acts of nature (e.g., earthquakes, fires, floods, etc.), layoffs affecting specific or broad sectors of the economy (such as technology-based companies), and those other factors listed in the risk factor titled "general real estate investment risks may adversely affect property income and values" and elsewhere in this item 1a.
the company is susceptible to adverse developments in economic and regulatory environments, such as increases in real estate and other taxes, and increased costs of complying with governmental regulations. the state of california recently experienced increased relocation out of the state and is generally regarded as more litigious, highly regulated and taxed than many states, which may reduce demand for the company's communities.
any adverse developments in the economy or real estate markets in california or washington, or any decrease in demand for the company's communities resulting from the california or washington regulatory or business environments, could have an adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. additionally, the political climates in california and washington, in combination with the states' and certain local governments' relatively long suspension of rent payments and the corresponding restriction on evicting tenants due to non-payment of rent in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, may have shifted some residents' attitudes about the necessity of making rent payments. this shift could reduce some residents' willingness to pay rent and therefore the company may continue to experience higher than historical average delinquency rates, which could adversely impact the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the company may experience various increased costs, including increased property taxes, to own and maintain its properties. real property taxes on our properties may increase as our properties are reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. our real estate taxes in washington could increase as a result of property value reassessments or increased property tax rates. a california law commonly referred to as proposition 13 ("prop 13") generally limits annual real estate tax increases on california properties to 2% of assessed value. however, under prop 13, property tax reassessment generally occurs as a result of a "change in ownership" of a property. because the property taxing authorities may not determine whether there has been a "change in ownership" or the actual reassessed value of a property for a period of time after a transaction has occurred, we may not know the impact of a potential reassessment for a considerable amount of time following a particular transaction. therefore, the amount of property taxes we are required to pay could increase substantially from the property taxes we currently pay or have paid in the past, including on a retroactive basis. various initiatives to repeal or amend prop 13, to eliminate its application to commercial and residential property, to increase the permitted annual real estate tax increases, and/or to introduce split tax roll legislation could increase the assessed value and/or tax rates applicable to commercial property in california. further, changes in u.s. federal tax law could cause state and local governments to alter their taxation of real property.
the company may experience increased costs associated with capital improvements and property maintenance as its properties advance through their life cycles. in some cases, we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or maintenance, which could adversely impact the company's financial condition and results of operations.
competition in the apartment community market and other housing alternatives may adversely affect operations and the rental demand for the company's communities. there are numerous housing alternatives that compete with the company's communities in attracting tenants, including other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. competitive housing in a particular area and fluctuations in cost of owner-occupied single- and multifamily homes caused by a decrease in housing prices, mortgage interest rates and/or government programs to promote home ownership or create additional rental and/or other types of housing, or an increase in desire for more space due to work-from-home needs or increased time spent at home, could adversely affect the company's ability to retain its tenants, lease apartment homes and increase or maintain rents. if the demand for the company's communities is reduced, rental rates may drop, which may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. the company also faces competition from other businesses and other entities in the acquisition, development and operation of apartment communities. this competition may result in increased costs to acquire or develop apartment communities or impact the company's ability to identify suitable acquisition or development transactions.
investments in mortgages, mezzanine loans, subordinated debt, other real estate, and other marketable securities could adversely affect the company's cash flow from operations. the company may purchase or otherwise invest in securities issued by entities which own real estate and/or invest in mortgages or unsecured debt obligations. the company may make or acquire mezzanine loans, which are generally subordinated loans. in general, investing in mortgages involves risk, including that the value of mortgaged property may be less than the amounts owed, causing realized or unrealized losses; the borrower may not pay indebtedness under the mortgage when due and amounts recovered by the company in connection with related foreclosures may be less than the amount owed; interest rates payable on the mortgages may be lower than the company's cost of funds; in the case of junior mortgages, foreclosure of a senior mortgage could eliminate the junior mortgage; delays in the collection of principal and interest if a borrower claims bankruptcy; possible senior lender default or overconcentration of senior lenders in portfolio; and unanticipated early prepayments may limit the company's expected return on its investment. if any of the above were to occur, it could adversely affect the company's cash flows from operations.
the company's ownership of co-investments, including joint ventures and joint ownership of communities, its ownership of properties with shared facilities with a homeowners' association or other entity, its ownership of properties subject to a ground lease and its preferred equity investments and its other partial interests in entities that own communities, could limit the company's ability to control such communities and may restrict our ability to finance, refinance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in these properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. the company has entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, certain co-investments, including joint ventures or partnerships through which it owns an indirect economic interest in less than 100% of the community or land or other investments owned directly by the joint venture or partnership.
joint venture partners often have shared control over the development and operation of the joint venture assets, which may prevent the company from taking action without the partners' approval. a joint venture partner may have interests that are inconsistent with those of the company or may take action contrary to the company's interests or policies. consequently, a joint venture partner's actions might subject property owned by the joint venture to additional risk. in some instances, the company and the joint venture partner may each have the right to exercise a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause the company to sell its interest, or acquire a partner's interest, at a time when the company otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction, and may result in the valuation of our interest or our partner's interest at levels which may not be representative of the valuation that would result from an arm's length marketing process and could cause us to recognize unanticipated capital gains or losses or the loss of fee income. should a joint venture partner become bankrupt, the company could become liable for such partner's share of joint venture liabilities.
from time to time, the company, through the operating partnership, makes certain co-investments in the form of preferred equity investments in third-party entities that have been formed for the purpose of acquiring, developing, financing, or managing real property. the operating partnership's interest in these entities is typically less than a majority of the outstanding voting interests of that entity, which may limit the operating partnership's ability to control the daily operations of such co-investment. the operating partnership may not be able to dispose of its interests in such co-investment. in the event that such co-investment or the partners in such co-investment become insolvent or bankrupt or fail to develop or operate the property in the manner anticipated, or are unable to refinance or sell their interest as planned, the operating partnership may not receive the expected return in its expected timeframe or at all and may lose up to its entire investment. additionally, the preferred return negotiated on these co-investments may be lower than the company's cost of funds. the company may also incur losses if any guarantees or indemnifications were made by the company.
the company also owns properties indirectly under "downreit" structures. the company has entered into, and in the future may enter into, transactions that could require the company to pay the tax liabilities of partners that contribute assets into downreits, joint ventures or the operating partnership, in the event that certain taxable events, which are generally within the company's control, occur. although the company plans to hold the contributed assets or, if such assets consist of real property, defer recognition of gain on sale of such assets pursuant to the like-kind exchange rules under section 1031 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), the company may not be able to do so and if such tax liabilities were incurred they could have a material impact on its financial position.
also, from time to time, the company invests in properties (i) which may be subject to certain shared facilities agreements with homeowners' associations and other entities and/or (ii) subject to ground leases where a subtenant may have certain similar rights to that of a party under such a shared facilities agreements or where a master landlord may have certain rights to control the use, operation and/or repair of the property. in these arrangements, we cannot guarantee that the terms of the shared facilities agreements will be enforced or interpreted in favor of the company, and the company's inability to control expenditures, make necessary repairs and/or control certain decisions may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations, and/or the property's safety, compliance with applicable laws, marketability or market value.
we may pursue acquisitions of other reits and real estate companies, which may not yield anticipated results and could adversely affect our results of operations. we may make acquisitions of and/or investments in other reits and real estate companies or enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures, which involves risks and uncertainties and may not be successful. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, or joint venture opportunities, consummate any such transactions or relationships on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of any such acquisition. the integration of acquired businesses or other acquisitions may not be successful and could result in disruption to other parts of our business. pre-acquisition property due diligence may not identify all material issues that might arise with respect to such acquired business and its properties or as to any such other acquisitions. any future acquisitions we make may also require significant additional debt or equity financing, which, in the case of debt financing, would increase our leverage and potentially affect our credit ratings and, in the case of equity or equity-linked financing, could be dilutive to essex's stockholders and the operating partnership's unitholders. additionally, the value of these investments could decline for a variety of reasons. these and other factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
real estate investments are relatively illiquid and, therefore, the company's ability to vary its portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions may be limited. real estate investments are illiquid and, in our markets, can at times be difficult to sell at prices we find acceptable, which may limit our ability to promptly reduce our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions and otherwise may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
the company may not be able to lease its commercial space consistent with its projections or at market rates and the longer-term leases for existing space could result in below market rents over time. when leases for our existing commercial space expire, the space may not be relet on a timely basis, or at all, or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms.
the company's portfolio may have environmental liabilities. under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances, we have been required, and may be required in the future, regardless of our knowledge or responsibility, to provide warnings about certain chemicals, investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases naturally occurring substances such as methane and radon gas) or properties that we acquire, develop, manage or directly or indirectly invest in. we may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for compliance and response costs, property damage, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the impacts resulting from such releases. while the company is unaware of any such response action required or damage claims associated with its existing properties which would have a material adverse effect on our business, or results of operations, potential future costs and damage claims may be substantial. further, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate any such impacts, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property, including due to any liens imposed on the impacted property by any government agencies for penalties or damages.
the company carries certain limited insurance coverage for this type of environmental risk as to its properties; however, such coverage is not fully available for all properties and, as to those properties for which limited coverage is fully available, it may be insufficient or may not apply to certain claims arising from known conditions present on those properties. while we conduct pre-acquisition and development phase i environmental site assessments, such assessments may not discover, ascertain or quantify the full extent of the environmental conditions at or near a given property.
mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. the company has adopted policies to address and resolve reports of mold when it is detected, and to minimize any impact mold might have on tenants of the affected property, however, the company may not identify and respond to all mold occurrences.
the company may incur general uninsured losses or may experience market conditions that impact the procurement of certain insurance policies. the company purchases general liability and property, including loss of rent, insurance coverage for each of its communities and cyber risk insurance. the company may also purchase limited earthquake, terrorism, environmental and flood insurance for some of its communities. however, there are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, pollution, environmental matters or extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, fires and floods that are uninsurable or not economically insurable. the company utilizes a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, pacific western insurance llc ("pwi"), to self-insure certain earthquake and property losses for some of the communities in its portfolio. a decline in the value of the securities held by pwi may adversely affect pwi's ability to cover all or any portion of the amount of any insured losses. despite our insurance coverage, the company may incur material losses due to uninsured risks, deductibles and self-insured retentions, and/or losses in excess of coverage limits.
our communities are located in areas that are subject to earthquake activity. the company manages and evaluates its financial loss exposure to seismic events by using actuarial loss models and property vulnerability analyses based on structural evaluations by seismic consultants, and by making upgrades to certain properties to better resist seismic events and/or by purchasing seismic insurance in some cases. while the properties were built to the seismic codes in place at the time of construction, not all properties have been, or are required to be, retrofitted to the current seismic codes. thus, some properties may be subject to physical risk associated with earthquakes, and may suffer significant damage, including, but not limited to, collapse for any number of reasons, including structural deficiencies. seismic coverage is limited and may not cover the company's seismic related losses.
our properties or markets may in the future be the target of actual or threatened terrorist attacks, shootings, or other acts of violence, which could directly or indirectly damage our communities both physically and financially, cause uninsured losses, adversely affect the value of and our ability to operate our communities, subject us to significant liability claims, or otherwise impair our ability to achieve our expected results.
although the company may carry insurance for potential losses associated with its communities, employees, tenants, and compliance with applicable laws, it may still incur material losses due to uninsured risks, deductibles, copayments or losses in excess of applicable insurance coverage. in the event of a substantial loss, insurance coverage may not be able to cover the full replacement cost of the company's lost investment, or the insurance carrier may become insolvent and not be able to cover the full amount of the insured losses.
changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also affect the company's ability to replace or renovate an apartment community after it has been damaged or destroyed. in addition, certain causalities and/or losses incurred may expose the company in the future to higher insurance premiums.
climate change may adversely affect our business. as a result of climate change, we may experience extreme weather, an increased number of natural disasters and changes in precipitation, temperature and wild fire and drought exposure, all of which may result in physical damage, a decrease in demand for our communities located in these areas or affected by these conditions, damage to our properties, disruption of services at our properties or increased costs associated with water or energy use and maintaining or insuring our communities. transition risks associated with climate change may result in interruptions in energy access, increased energy costs, or increased regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations regarding reporting and energy efficiency. should the impact of climate change be material in nature or occur for lengthy periods of time, even if not directly impacting the company's current markets, the types and pricing of insurance the company is able to procure may be negatively impacted and our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. we could experience increased costs related to further developing our communities to mitigate the effects of climate change or repairing damage related to the effects of climate change that may or may not be fully covered by insurance. in addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased operating costs (for example, increased utility costs) and/or increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing communities (for example, increased costs associated with meeting electric vehicle charging mandates) and could also require us to spend more on our new development communities without a corresponding increase in revenue.
accidental death or severe injuries at our communities due to fires, floods, other natural disasters or hazards could adversely affect our business and results of operations. our insurance coverage may not cover all losses associated with such events, and we may experience difficulty marketing communities where any such events have occurred, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. further, we may not have the ability to respond immediately to a major event, which may cause increased losses.
adverse changes in laws may adversely affect the company's liabilities and/or operating costs relating to its properties and its operations. increases in real estate taxes and income, service and transfer taxes cannot always be passed through to tenants in the form of higher rents, and may adversely affect the company's cash available for distribution and its ability to make distributions and pay amounts due on its debts. additionally, ongoing political volatility may increase the likelihood of significant changes in laws that could affect the company's overall strategy. changes in laws increasing the potential liability of the company and/or its operating costs on a range of issues, including those regarding potential liability for other environmental conditions existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, as well as changes in laws affecting development, construction and safety requirements, may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, including without limitation, those related to structural or seismic retrofit or more costly operational safety systems and programs, which could have a material adverse effect on the company.
failure to succeed in new markets or with new community operations formats may limit the company's growth. the company may make acquisitions or commence development activity outside of its existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise, which may expose the company to new risks, including, but not limited to an inability to evaluate accurately local apartment market conditions and local economies; an inability to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities or to obtain land for development; an inability to hire and retain key personnel; and a lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. additionally, we have recently adjusted our operating model to reduce the number of staff on-site at individual properties and moved towards a hub model where specialized staff can service multiple properties from a central location and rely on certain technologies, such as virtual apartment tours, to further reduce the need for on-site staffing. there may be resistance to such change from our employees and residents, and if we experience difficulty in retaining and/or hiring employees or residents, as applicable, this could adversely affect the company's results of operations. further, there are unknown risks with relying on new technologies and operating models, such as whether there is consumer preference for in-person tours or if we are not able to as rapidly respond to resident demands, and we cannot guarantee that this model will be successful, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
our business and reputation depend on our ability to continue providing high quality housing and consistent operation of our communities, the failure of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we provide tenants with reliable services, including water and electric power, along with the consistent operation of our communities, including a wide variety of amenities. public utilities, especially those that provide water and electric power, are fundamental for the consistent operation of our communities. the delayed delivery or any prolonged interruption of these services may cause tenants to terminate their leases or may result in a reduction of rents and/or increase in our costs or other issues. in addition, we may fail to provide quality housing and continuous access to amenities as a result of other factors, including government mandated closures, mechanical failure, power outage, human error, vandalism, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism or similar events.
such events may also expose us to additional liability claims and damage our reputation and brand and could cause tenants to terminate or not renew their leases, or prospective tenants to seek housing elsewhere. any such failures could impair our ability to continue providing quality housing and consistent operation of our communities, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
the company's real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. the company continually evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of its real estate assets, including those assets it invests in indirectly or places subordinated loans on through its preferred equity and mezzanine lending program, under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"). factors considered in evaluating impairment of the company's existing multifamily real estate assets held for investment include significant declines in property operating profits, recurring property operating losses and other significant adverse changes in general market conditions that are considered permanent in nature. generally, a multifamily real estate asset held for investment is not considered impaired if the undiscounted, estimated future cash flows of the asset over its estimated holding period are in excess of the asset's net book value at the balance sheet date. assumptions used to estimate annual and residual cash flow and the estimated holding period of such assets require the judgment of management. there can be no assurance that the company will not take charges in the future related to the impairment of the company's assets, including those assets it invests in indirectly or places subordinated loans on through its preferred equity and mezzanine lending program. any future impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
we face risks associated with land holdings for future developments and related activities. real estate markets are highly uncertain and the value of undeveloped land may fluctuate significantly. in addition, carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses or reduced profitability. if there are changes in the fair value of our land holdings which we determine is less that the carrying basis of our land holdings reflected in our financial statements plus estimated costs to sell, we may be required to take impairment charges which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the handling of personal information and we rely on information technology to sustain our operations. any failure by us to comply with applicable requirements or material failure, inadequacy, interruption or breach of the company's privacy or information systems, or those of our vendors or other third parties, could materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. we rely on information technology hardware, software, networks and systems (collectively, "it systems"), some of which are provided by vendors, to process, transmit and store personal information, tenant and lease data, and other electronic information (collectively, "confidential information"), and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records. our business requires us and some of our vendors to use and store personal and other sensitive information of our tenants and employees. the collection, use and other processing of personal information is governed by federal and state laws and regulations. privacy and cybersecurity laws continue to evolve, with several states passing new data privacy laws that govern the processing of information about state residents, and laws may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. the company endeavors to comply with privacy laws and regulations applicable to it, including the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") which governs the collection, use, disclosure and security of information about california residents. the ccpa requires the company to, among other things, provide certain disclosures to california residents, promptly respond to certain consumer requests related to their data, and contractually impose certain obligations on vendors. compliance with existing and future laws and regulations related to data privacy and protection may increase the company's operating costs and adversely impact the company's ability to market the company's properties and services, and any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could harm our business, reputation and financial results.
although we have taken steps to abide by applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws, and strive to protect the security of our it systems and confidential information, the compliance and security measures put in place by the company and its vendors cannot guarantee perfect compliance or provide absolute security, and the company and its vendors' it systems may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks or cybersecurity incidents that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our it systems and confidential information, including through ransomware distributed denial-of-service attempts, data theft, account takeovers, social engineering/phishing, technological error, employee error, malfeasance, misconfigurations, "bugs", or other vulnerabilities in company, or vendor, it systems. these threats can also come from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists. any incident could compromise the company's or our vendors' it systems (or the it systems of third parties that facilitate the company's or such vendors' business activities), and the confidential information stored by or on behalf of the company or such vendors could be accessed, misused, publicly disclosed, corrupted, lost, or stolen, resulting in fraud, including wire fraud related to company assets or tenant payments, or other harm. moreover, if there is a compliance failure, or if a cybersecurity incident affects the company's or vendors' systems, whether through a breach of the company's it systems or a breach of the it systems of third parties, or results in the unauthorized release of confidential information, the company's reputation and brand could be materially damaged, which could increase our costs in attracting and retaining tenants, and other serious consequences may result.
potential other consequences include potential exposure to litigation, including government enforcement actions, private litigation (including class actions), fines or criminal penalties; and potential exposure to a risk of loss including loss related to the fact that agreements with such vendors, or such vendors' financial condition, may not allow the company to recover all costs related to a cybersecurity incident for which they alone or they and the company should be jointly responsible for, which could result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
privacy and cybersecurity risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as ransomware and generative ai, and the increased sophistication, techniques and activities of threat actors; accordingly, the company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures . we maintain cyber risk insurance which may be insufficient type or amount to cover us against claims related to a cybersecurity incident, and we cannot be certain that such insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claims.
in the future, the company may expend additional resources to continue to enhance the company's cybersecurity measures to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities and/or to further ensure compliance with privacy and cybersecurity laws. despite these steps, the company may suffer a significant cybersecurity incident in the future, unauthorized parties may gain access to confidential information stored on the company's or its vendors' it systems, and any such incident may not be discovered in a timely manner. any cybersecurity incident or failure in the implementation, compliance with or effectiveness of the company's  it systems or cybersecurity program or those of third party service providers, or a breach of other third party systems that ultimately impacts the operational or it systems of the could result in a wide range of potentially serious harm to our business and results of operations.
reliance on third party software providers to host systems is critical to our operations and to provide the company with data. we rely on certain key software vendors to support business practices critical to our operations, including the collection of rent and ancillary income and communication with our tenants, and to provide us with data, such as environmental, social and governance ("esg") data. the market is currently experiencing a consolidation of these software vendors, particularly in the multi-family space, which may negatively impact the company's choice of vendor and pricing options. moreover, if any of these key vendors were to terminate our relationship or access to data, or fail, we could suffer losses while we seek to replace the services and information provided by the vendors. further, our failure, or our software vendors' failure, to adopt, anticipate or keep pace with the new technologies, such as generative ai solutions, may harm our ability to compete with our peers, decrease the value of our assets and/or impact our future growth.
we may from time to time be subject to litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. some of these claims may result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, covered by insurance, the payment of which could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. in addition, certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage and expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured. litigation, even if resolved in our favor, could adversely impact our reputation and divert the attention of our management, which could negatively impact our operations and cash flow. in late 2022 and early 2023, a number of purported anti-trust class actions were filed against realpage, inc., a seller of revenue management software, and various lessors of multifamily housing which utilize this software, including the company. the complaints allege collusion among defendants to artificially increase rents of multifamily residential real estate above competitive levels. the company intends to vigorously defend against these lawsuits. given their early stage, the company is unable to predict the outcome or estimate the amount of loss, if any, that may result from such matters. the company is also subject to various other legal and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of its business operations, including california private attorney general actions ("paga claims"). the current political climate in california may continue to encourage plaintiffs' attorneys to bring paga claims and other class actions.
risks related to our indebtedness and financings capital and credit market conditions and volatility, including significant fluctuations in the price of the company's stock, may affect the company's access to sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could negatively affect the company's business, stock price, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. our current balance sheet, the debt capacity available on the unsecured line of credit with a diversified bank group, access to the public and private placement debt markets and secured debt financing providers provide some insulation from volatile capital markets. we primarily use external financing, including sales of debt and equity securities, to fund acquisitions, developments, and redevelopments and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. if sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or distributing less than 100% of our reit taxable income.
in general, to the extent that the company's access to capital and credit is at a higher cost than the company has experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing without a corresponding change to investment cap rates) the company's ability to make acquisitions, develop or redevelop communities, obtain new financing, and refinance existing borrowing at competitive rates could be adversely affected, which would impact the company's financial standing and related credit rating.
in addition, if our ability to obtain financing is adversely affected, the company's stock price may be adversely affected, and we may be unable to satisfy scheduled maturities on existing financing through other sources of our liquidity, which, in the case of secured financings, could result in foreclosure.
debt financing has inherent risks. the company is subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including that cash flow may not be sufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest and the reit distribution requirements of the code; inability to renew, repay, or refinance maturing indebtedness on encumbered apartment communities on favorable terms or at all, possibly requiring the company to sell a property or properties on disadvantageous terms; inability to comply with debt covenants could trigger cash management provisions limiting our ability to control cash flows, cause defaults, or an acceleration of maturity dates; paying debt before the scheduled maturity date could result in prepayment penalties; and defaulting on secured indebtedness may result in lenders seeking a foreclosure or pursuing other remedies which would reduce the company's income and net asset value, its ability to service other debt, or create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, thereby hindering our ability to meet reit distribution requirements. any of these risks might result in losses that could have an adverse effect on the company and its ability to make distributions and pay amounts due on its debt. our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our operations, working capital and capital expenditures, depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. there is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing indebtedness or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms, which in either case could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
compliance requirements of tax-exempt financing and below market rent requirements may limit income from certain communities. the company has, and expects to continue using, variable rate tax-exempt financing, which provides for certain deed restrictions and restrictive covenants. if the compliance requirements of the tax-exempt financing restrict our ability to increase our rental rates with respect to certain tenants, then our income from these properties may be limited. while we generally believe that the interest rate benefit attendant to properties with tax-exempt bonds outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case. some of these requirements are complex and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities. certain state and local authorities may impose additional rental restrictions, which may limit income from the tax-exempt financed communities if the company is required to decrease its rental rates. if the company does not reserve the required number of apartment homes for tenants satisfying these income requirements, the tax-exempt status of the bonds may be terminated, the obligations under the bond documents may be accelerated and the company may be subject to additional contractual liability. notwithstanding the limitations due to tax-exempt financing requirements, the income from certain communities may be limited due to below-market rent requirements imposed by local authorities in connection with the original development of the community.
the indentures governing our notes and other financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility and restrict our ability to take specific actions, even if we believe such actions to be in our best interests, including restrictions on our ability to consummate a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets; and incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness. the instruments governing our other unsecured indebtedness require us to meet specified financial and other covenants, which may restrict our ability to expand or fully pursue our business strategies. a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our indebtedness, which could cause those and other obligations to become due and payable. if any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay it.
interest rate hedging arrangements may result in losses. the company from time to time uses interest rate swaps and interest rate caps to manage certain interest rate risks. although these agreements may partially protect against rising interest rates, they also may reduce the benefits to the company if interest rates decline. if a hedging arrangement is not indexed to the same rate as the indebtedness that is hedged, the company may be exposed to losses to the extent that the rate governing the indebtedness and the rate governing the hedging arrangement change independently of each other. finally, nonperformance by the other party to the hedging arrangement may subject the company to increased credit risks.
a downgrade in the company's investment grade credit rating could materially and adversely affect its business and financial condition. the company plans to manage its operations to maintain its investment grade credit rating with a capital structure consistent with its current profile but there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain its current credit ratings. any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on the company's cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, as well as the company's stock price.
changes in the company's financing policy may lead to higher levels of indebtedness. the company manages its debt to be in compliance with debt covenants under its unsecured bank facilities and senior unsecured bonds. however, the company may increase the amount of outstanding debt at any time without a concurrent improvement in the company's ability to service the additional debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on its debt covenants or on its debt obligations and in an increase in debt service requirements. any covenant breach or significant increase in the company's leverage could materially adversely affect the company's financial condition and ability to access debt and equity capital markets in the future.
if the company or any of its subsidiaries defaults on an obligation to repay outstanding indebtedness when due, the default could trigger a cross-default or cross-acceleration under other indebtedness. a default, including a default under mortgage indebtedness, lines of credit, bank term loan, the indenture for the company's outstanding senior notes, or the company's interest rate hedging arrangements that is not waived by the applicable required lenders, holders of outstanding notes or counterparties could trigger cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions under one or more agreements governing the company's indebtedness, which could cause an immediate default or allow the lenders to declare all funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable.
the company could be negatively impacted by the condition of fannie mae or freddie mac and by changes in government support for multifamily housing. while we believe fannie mae and freddie mac will continue to provide liquidity to our sector, should they discontinue doing so, have their mandates changed or reduced, become more resistant to allowing preferred equity or mezzanine financing on assets where they have purchased the senior loan, or be disbanded or reorganized by the government or if there is reduced government support for multifamily housing more generally, it may adversely affect interest rates, capital availability, development of multifamily communities and the value of multifamily residential real estate and, as a result, may adversely affect the company and its growth and operations.
risks related to personnel the company depends on its personnel, whose continued service is not guaranteed. the company's success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain executive officers, senior officers and company managers. there is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry and the departure of any of the company's key personnel could have an adverse effect on the company. while the company engages in regular succession planning for key positions, the company's plans may be impacted and therefore adjusted due to the departure of any key personnel. additionally, executive leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage and, as a result, we may experience some disruption to our business. the company must continue to recruit, train and retain qualified operational staff at its properties, which may be difficult in a highly competitive job market. changes to our company's operational structure could result in an increase in issues or departures among our operational staff. our ability to timely deliver quality customer service or to respond to building repair and maintenance requests may be negatively impacted without adequate operational staff, which may adversely impact the results of operations. additionally, we could be subject to labor union efforts to organize our employees from time to time and, if successful, those organizational efforts may decrease our operational flexibility and increase operational costs.
the company's chairman is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest. the company's chairman, george m. marcus, is not an employee of the company, and is involved in other real estate activities and investments, which may lead to conflicts of interest. mr. marcus owns interests in various other real estate-related businesses and investments. he is the chairman of the marcus & millichap company ("mmc"), which is a parent company of a diversified group of real estate service, investment and development firms. while conflict of interest protocols and agreements are in place, mr. marcus and his affiliated entities may potentially compete with the company in acquiring and/or developing apartment communities. due to potential competition for real estate investments, mr. marcus and his affiliated entities may have a conflict of interest with the company, which may be detrimental to the interests of essex's stockholders and the operating partnership's unitholders.
the influence of executive officers, directors, and significant stockholders may be detrimental to holders of common stock. mr. marcus currently does not have majority control over the company. however, he has, and likely will continue to have, significant influence with respect to the election of directors and approval or disapproval of significant corporate actions. consequently, his influence could result in decisions that do not reflect the interests of all the company's stockholders.
under the partnership agreement of the operating partnership, the consent of the holders of limited partnership interests is generally required for certain amendments of the agreement and for certain extraordinary actions. through their ownership of limited partnership interests and their positions with the company, the company's directors and executive officers, including mr. marcus, have substantial influence on the company. consequently, their influence could result in decisions that do not reflect the interests of all stockholders.
our related party guidelines may not adequately address all of the issues that may arise with respect to related party transactions. the company has adopted "related party transaction approval process guidelines" that are intended to determine whether a particular related party transaction is fair, reasonable and serves the interests of the company's stockholders. pursuant to these guidelines, related party transactions have been approved by the audit committee of the company's board of directors ("board") from time to time. there is no assurance that this policy will be adequate for determining whether a particular related party transaction is suitable and fair for the company. also, the policy's procedures may not identify and address all the potential issues and conflicts of interests with a related party transaction.
employee theft or fraud could result in loss. should any employee compromise our information technology systems, commit fraud or theft of the company's assets, or misappropriate tenant or other information, we could incur losses, including significant financial or reputational harm, from which full recovery cannot be assured. we also may not have insurance that covers any losses in full or that covers losses from particular criminal acts.
risks related to taxes, our status as a reit and our organizational structure failure to generate sufficient rental revenue or other liquidity needs and impacts of economic conditions could limit cash flow available for dividend distributions, as well as the form and timing of such distributions, to essex's stockholders or the operating partnership's unitholders. significant expenditures associated with each community such as debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from a community. the form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the board and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the reit provisions of the code and other factors as the board may consider relevant. the board may modify our dividend policy from time to time.
essex may choose to pay dividends in its own stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. if a u.s. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay applicable taxes, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. furthermore, with respect to non-u.s. stockholders, we may be required to withhold u.s. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. in addition, the trading price of essex's stock could experience downward pressure if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of essex's stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends.
the company's future issuances of common stock, preferred stock or convertible debt securities could be dilutive to current stockholders and adversely affect the market price of the company's common stock. in order to finance the company's acquisition and development activities, the company could issue and sell common stock, preferred stock and convertible debt securities, including pursuant to its equity distribution program, issue partnership units in the operating partnership, or enter into joint ventures which may dilute stockholder ownership in the company and could adversely affect the market price of the common stock.
the maryland business combination act may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or change in control of the company that might involve a premium price for the company's stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. under the maryland business combination act (the "mbca"), certain "business combinations", including a merger, between a maryland corporation and certain "interested stockholders" or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and must be approved pursuant to certain supermajority voting requirements, subject to certain exemptions which include business combinations that are exempted by the board prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. pursuant to this exemption, the board irrevocably has elected to exempt any business combination among the company, mr. marcus and mmc or any entity owned or controlled by mr. marcus and mmc. however, other transactions with interested stockholders subject to the mbca may be delayed or may not meet the related supermajority voting or other requirements of the mbca, which may delay or prevent the consummation of such transactions.
certain provisions contained in the operating partnership agreement, charter and bylaws, and certain provisions of the maryland general corporation law could delay, defer or prevent a change in control. while the company is the sole general partner of the operating partnership, and generally has full and exclusive responsibility and discretion in the management and control of the operating partnership, certain provisions of the operating partnership agreement may limit the company's power to act with respect to the operating partnership, which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that may otherwise be in the best interests of its stockholders or that could otherwise adversely affect their interests.
the company's charter authorizes the issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock and the setting of the preferences, rights and other terms of such stock without the approval of the holders of the common stock.
the company may establish one or more classes or series of stock that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control, or otherwise create rights that could adversely affect the interests of holders of common stock. additionally, the company's charter contains provisions limiting the transferability and ownership of shares of capital stock, which may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control, or discourage tender offers.
the maryland general corporation law (the "mgcl") restricts the voting rights of holders of shares deemed to be "control shares." although the bylaws exempt the company from the control share provisions of the mgcl, the board may amend or eliminate the provisions of the bylaws at any time in the future. moreover, any such amendment or elimination of such provision of the bylaws may result in the application of the control share provisions of the mgcl. if the provisions of the bylaws are amended or eliminated, the control share provisions of the mgcl could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or change in control.
the company's charter and bylaws as well as the mgcl also contain other provisions that may impede various actions by stockholders without approval by the board, and that in turn may delay, defer or prevent a transaction. those provisions include, among others, directors may be removed by stockholders, without cause, only upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of the directors, and with cause, only upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of the directors; the board can fix the number of directors and fill vacant directorships upon the vote of a majority of the directors and the board can classify the board such that the entire board is not up for re-election annually; stockholders must give advance notice to nominate directors or propose business for consideration at a stockholders' meeting; and for stockholders to call a special meeting, the meeting must be requested by not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.
stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations. the board determines our major policies, including our policies regarding investments, financing, growth, debt capitalization, reit qualification and distributions. the board may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. in addition, pursuant to the mgcl, all matters other than the election or removal of a director must be declared advisable by the board prior to a stockholder vote.
loss of the company's reit status would have significant adverse consequences to the company and the value of the company's common stock. the company has elected to be taxed as a reit, which requires it to satisfy various annual and quarterly requirements, including income, asset and distribution tests. although the company believes that its current organization and method of operation enable it to qualify as a reit, it cannot assure you that it so qualifies or that it will be able to remain so qualified in the future. if the company fails to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, the company would be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on the company's taxable income, and the company would not be allowed to deduct dividends paid to its stockholders in computing its taxable income. the company would also be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year in which the company failed to qualify, unless it is entitled to relief under statutory provisions. the additional tax liability would reduce its net earnings available for investment or distributions, and the company would no longer be required to make distributions to its stockholders for the purpose of maintaining reit status. as a result of all these factors, the company's failure to qualify as a reit also could impair its ability to expand its business and raise capital, and could adversely affect the value and market price of the company's common stock.
complying with reit requirements may affect our profitability and may force us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments.  to qualify as a reit, we must continually satisfy certain asset, income and distribution tests and other requirements, which could materially and adversely affect us. we may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the asset and income tests or to qualify under certain statutory relief provisions. if we do not acquire new assets, we may not have sufficient depreciation expense to offset income and may have to make special distributions to stockholders. we also may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. as a result, having to comply with the distribution requirement could cause us to: (1) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (2) borrow on unfavorable terms; or (3) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. moreover, if we are compelled to liquidate our investments to meet any of these asset, income or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with one or more of the requirements applicable to reits or may be subject to a 100% tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions.
legislative or other actions affecting reits could have a negative effect on the company or its stockholders. changes to federal income tax laws, with or without retroactive legislation, could adversely affect the company or its stockholders. new legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect the company's ability to qualify as a reit, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in the company. also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a reit.
failure of one or more of the company's subsidiaries to qualify as a reit could adversely affect the company's ability to qualify as a reit. the company owns interests in multiple subsidiary reits that have elected to be taxed as reits under the code. these subsidiary reits are subject to the various reit qualification requirements and other limitations that are applicable to the company. if any of the company's subsidiary reits were to fail to qualify as a reit, then the subsidiary reit would become subject to federal income tax. the company's ownership of shares in such subsidiary reit would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to reits and it is possible that the company could also fail to qualify as a reit.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit the company's ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. under the code, unless certain exceptions apply, any gain resulting from transfers or dispositions of properties that the company holds as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business could be treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax, which could potentially adversely impact our status as a reit. since the company acquires properties for investment purposes, it does not believe that its occasional transfers or disposals of property should be treated as prohibited transactions. however, if the internal revenue service successfully contends that certain transfers or disposals of properties by the company are prohibited transactions, then the company would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to it from the prohibited transaction, and the company's ability to retain proceeds from real property sales may be jeopardized.
dividends payable by reits may be taxed at higher rates than dividends of non-reit corporations, which could reduce the net cash received by stockholders and may be detrimental to the company's ability to raise additional funds through any future sale of its stock. dividends paid by reits to u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates are generally not eligible for the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividends received from non-reit corporations. u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct 20% of ordinary dividends from a reit for taxable years beginning before january 1, 2026. although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by reits, such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. this may cause investors to view reit investments as less attractive than investments in non-reit corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of stock in reits.
we may face risks in connection with section 1031 exchanges. we occasionally dispose of real properties in transactions intended to qualify as "like-kind exchanges" under section 1031 of the code. if a transaction intended to qualify as a section 1031 exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of real properties on a tax deferred basis.
partnership tax audit rules could have a material adverse effect on us. it is possible that partnerships in which we directly or indirectly invest would be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties as a result of a partnership tax audit adjustment. we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though essex, as a reit, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes had we owned the assets of the partnership directly. the partnership tax audit rules apply to essex portfolio, l.p. and its subsidiaries that are classified as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes. there can be no assurance that these rules will not have a material adverse effect on us.
general risks rising interest rates may affect the company's costs of capital and financing activities and results of operation and otherwise adversely affect the market price of our common stock. interest rates could increase, which could result in higher interest expense on the company's variable rate indebtedness or increase interest rates when refinancing maturing fixed rate debt. prolonged interest rate increases could negatively impact the company's ability to make acquisitions and develop projects with positive economic returns on investment and to refinance existing borrowings.
the soundness of financial institutions could adversely affect us. we maintain cash and cash equivalent balances generally in excess of federally insured limits at a limited number of financial institutions. the failure of one or more of these financial institutions may materially adversely affect our ability to recover our cash balances or our 401(k) assets. certain financial institutions are lenders under our credit facilities, and, from time to time, we execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. in the event that the volatility of the financial markets adversely affects these financial institutions or counterparties, we, or other parties to the transactions with us, may be unable to complete transactions as intended, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. additionally, certain of our tax-exempt bond financing documents require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal and interest on the bonds.
if the financial institution defaults in its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur under the applicable tax-exempt bonds and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the bonds.
the price per share of the company's stock may fluctuate significantly. the market price per share of the company's common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, including the factors discussed in this item 1a, and actual or anticipated variations in the company's quarterly operating results, earnings estimates, or dividends, the resale of substantial amounts of the company's stock, or the anticipation of such resale, general stock and bond market conditions, actual or anticipated actions taken by the federal reserve bank, the general reputation of reits and the company, shifts in our investor base, the inability of the united states congress to pass bills that continue to timely fund the federal government and its obligations, including due to the current political climate or partisanship, natural disasters, armed conflict or geopolitical impacts, or an active shooter incident. many of these factors are beyond the company's control and may cause the market price of the company's common stock to decline, regardless of the company's financial condition, results of operations, or business prospects.
our score by proxy advisory firms or other corporate governance consultants advising institutional investors, as well as the increased attention to certain esg matters, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, the perception of our corporate governance, and thereby negatively impact the market price of our common stock. various proxy advisory firms and other corporate governance consultants advising institutional investors provide scores of our governance measures, nominees for election as directors, executive compensation practices, esg matters, and other matters that may be submitted to stockholders for consideration at our annual meetings. from time to time certain matters that we propose for approval may not receive a favorable score, or may result in a recommendation against the nominee or matter proposed. some investors and financial institutions use esg or sustainability scores, ratings or benchmarks to make financing, investment and voting decisions. these unfavorable scores may lead to rejected proposals or a loss of stockholder confidence in our corporate governance measures, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
corporate responsibility, specifically related to esg factors, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. some investors and potential investors are focused on positive esg business practices and sustainability scores to guide their investment strategies, including the decisions whether to invest in our common stock. additionally, the sec continues to issue evolving rules relating to climate risk disclosures, human capital management and other esg matters and other regulatory bodies, such as the state of california, have issued new laws or regulations relating to climate disclosures and board structure. although the company makes esg disclosures and undertakes sustainability and diversity initiatives, the company may not score highly on esg matters in the future and may face increased costs, such as increased capital expenditures or new expenses, in order to undertake such initiatives or to make such disclosures. if the criteria by which companies are rated changes, the company may perform differently or worse than it has in the past, or it may become more expensive for the company to access capital. the company may face reputational damage in the event its corporate responsibility procedures, or its board structure, do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. further, if we fail to comply with new esg-related laws, regulations, expectations or reporting requirements, or if we are perceived as failing, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted. simultaneously, there are efforts by some stakeholders to reduce companies' efforts on certain esg-related matters, and certain states are adopting or are considering adopting laws that seek to limit the use of esg in certain contexts. in addition, both advocates and opponents to certain esg matters are increasingly resorting to a range of activism forms, including media campaigns and litigation, to advance their perspectives. to the extent we are subject to such activism or fragmented regulation with respect to esg considerations, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. the occurrence of any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the price of the company's stock and the company's financial condition and results of operations. in addition, investments to attain an esg outcome may not perform as expected, resulting in losses.
we could face adverse consequences as a result of actions of activist investors. responding to stockholder activism or engaging in a proxy contest may be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of our management team and our employees from executing our business plan, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
expanding social media vehicles present additional risks. the use of social media, such as unauthorized live-streaming at our properties, could cause us to suffer brand damage or information leakage. negative posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation. in addition, employees or others might disclose non-public sensitive information relating to our business through external media channels. the continuing evolution of social media will present us with new challenges and risks.
any material weaknesses identified in the company's internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on the company's stock price. section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 requires the company to evaluate and report on its internal control over financial reporting.
if the company identifies one or more material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, the company could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of its financial reports, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the company's stock price.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. these consolidated financial statements include all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to reflect a fair statement of the results and all such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.
overview essex is a self-administered and self-managed reit that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages apartment communities in selected residential areas located on the west coast of the united states. essex owns all of its interests in its real estate investments, directly or indirectly, through the operating partnership. essex is the sole general partner of the operating partnership and, as of december 31, 2023, had an approximately 96.6% general partner interest in the operating partnership.
the company's investment strategy has two components: constant monitoring of existing markets, and evaluation of new markets to identify areas with the characteristics that underlie rental growth. the company's strong financial condition supports its investment strategy by enhancing its ability to quickly shift acquisition, development, redevelopment, and disposition activities to markets that will optimize the performance of the company's portfolio.
as of december 31, 2023, the company owned or had ownership interests in 252 operating apartment communities, comprising 61,997 apartment homes, excluding the company's ownership in preferred equity co-investments, loan investments, three operating commercial buildings, and a development pipeline comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project.
the company's apartment communities are predominately located in the following major regions:
southern california (primarily los angeles, orange, san diego, and ventura counties)
northern california (the san francisco bay area)
seattle metro (seattle metropolitan area)
as of december 31, 2023, the company's development pipeline was comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project under development aggregating 264 apartment homes and various predevelopment projects, with total incurred costs of $114.0 million. the estimated remaining project costs are approximately $12.0 million, $6.5 million of which represents the company's share of the estimated remaining costs, for total estimated project costs of $126.0 million.
as of december 31, 2023, the company also had an ownership interest in three operating commercial buildings (totaling approximately 283,000 square feet).
by region, the company's operating results for 2023 and 2022 and projection for 2024 new housing supply (defined as new multifamily apartment homes and single family homes, excluding developments with fewer than 50 apartment homes as well as student, senior and 100% affordable housing) and 2024 estimated same-property revenue growth are as follows:
southern california region: as of december 31, 2023, this region represented 43% of the company's consolidated operating apartment homes. revenues for "2023 same-properties" (as defined below), or "same-property revenues," increased 4.9% in 2023 as compared to 2022. in 2024, the company projects new residential supply of 27,400 apartment homes and single family homes, which represents 0.4% of the total housing stock.
northern california region: as of december 31, 2023, this region represented 37% of the company's consolidated operating apartment homes. same-property revenues increased 4.0% in 2023 as compared to 2022. in 2024, the company projects new residential supply of 10,500 apartment homes and single family homes, which represents 0.4% of the total housing stock.
seattle metro region: as of december 31, 2023, this region represented 20% of the company's consolidated operating apartment homes. same-property revenues increased 4.0% in 2023 as compared to 2022. in 2024, the company projects new residential supply of 11,700 apartment homes and single family homes, which represents 0.9% of the total housing stock.
in total, the company projects an increase in 2024 same-property revenues of between 0.7% to 2.7%. same-property operating expenses are projected to increase in 2024 by 3.5% to 5.0%.
the company's consolidated operating communities are as follows:
as of                                           as of december 31, 2023                               december 31, 2022
apartment homes                       %         apartment homes                       %
southern california               21,986                          43   %          22,151                          43   %
northern california               19,245                          37   %          19,230                          37   %
seattle metro                     10,341                          20   %          10,341                          20   %
total                             51,572                         100   %          51,722                         100   %
co-investments, developments under construction, and preferred equity interest co-investment communities are not included in the table presented above for both periods.
market considerations the company is emerging from restrictions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and continues to comply with the stated intent of local, county, state and federal laws, some of which limit rent increases during times of emergency and impair the ability to collect unpaid rent during certain timeframes and in various regions in which our communities are located, impacting the company and its properties. concurrently, geopolitical tensions and regional conflicts have increased uncertainty during 2022 and 2023. inflation has caused an increase in consumer prices, thereby reducing purchasing power and elevating the risks of a recession. due to increased inflation, the u.s. federal reserve raised the federal funds rate a total of seven times during 2022 and four times in 2023. in response, market interest rates have increased significantly during this time.
the long-term impact of these developments will largely depend on future laws that may be enacted, the impact on job growth and the broader economy, and reactions by consumers, companies, governmental entities and capital markets.
primarily as a result of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, the company's cash delinquencies as a percentage of scheduled rental income for the company's stabilized apartment communities or "same-property" (stabilized properties consolidated by the company for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022) have generally remained higher than the pre-pandemic historical average of 0.35% since the second quarter of 2020. cash delinquencies were elevated at 1.3% for 2022 and further increased to 1.9% in 2023. the lower cash delinquencies in 2022 was due to $34.5 million of emergency rental assistance payments compared to $2.6 million received during 2023, however current tenant delinquencies remained well above pre-pandemic levels. the company continues to work with residents to collect such cash delinquencies. as of december 31, 2023, the delinquencies have not had a material adverse impact to the company's liquidity position. the company's average financial occupancy for the company's same-property portfolio increased slightly from 96.1% for the year ended december 31, 2022 to 96.4% for the year ended december 31, 2023.
the foregoing macroeconomic conditions have not negatively impacted the company's ability to access traditional funding sources on the same or reasonably similar terms as were available in recent periods prior to the pandemic, as demonstrated by the company's financing activity during the year ended december 31, 2023 discussed in the "liquidity and capital resources" section below. the company is not at material risk of not meeting the covenants in its credit agreements and is able to timely service its debt and other obligations.
results of operations comparison of year ended december 31, 2023 to the year ended december 31, 2022
the company's average financial occupancy for the company's stabilized apartment communities or "2023 same-property" (stabilized properties consolidated by the company for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022) increased 30 basis points to 96.4% in 2023 from 96.1% in 2022. financial occupancy is defined as the percentage resulting from dividing actual rental income by total scheduled rental income. actual rental income represents contractual rental income pursuant to leases without considering delinquency and concessions. total scheduled rental income represents the value of all apartment homes, with occupied apartment homes valued at contractual rental rates pursuant to leases and vacant apartment homes valued at estimated market rents. the company believes that financial occupancy is a meaningful measure of occupancy because it considers the value of each vacant apartment home at its estimated market rate.
market rates are determined using the recently signed effective rates on new leases at the property and are used as the starting point in the determination of the market rates of vacant apartment homes. the company may increase or decrease these rates based on a variety of factors, including overall supply and demand for housing, concentration of new apartment deliveries within the same submarket which can cause periodic disruption due to greater rental concessions to increase leasing velocity, and rental affordability. financial occupancy may not completely reflect short-term trends in physical occupancy and financial occupancy rates, and the company's calculation of financial occupancy may not be comparable to financial occupancy disclosed by other reits.
the company does not take into account delinquency and concessions to calculate actual rent for occupied apartment homes and market rents for vacant apartment homes. the calculation of financial occupancy compares contractual rates for occupied apartment homes to estimated market rents for unoccupied apartment homes, and thus the calculation compares the gross value of all apartment homes excluding delinquency and concessions. for apartment communities that are development properties in lease-up without stabilized occupancy figures, the company believes the physical occupancy rate is the appropriate performance metric. while an apartment community is in the lease-up phase, the company's primary motivation is to stabilize the property, which may entail the use of rent concessions and other incentives, and thus financial occupancy, which is based on contractual income is not considered the best metric to quantify occupancy.
the regional breakdown of the company's 2023 same-property portfolio for financial occupancy for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
years ended december 31,
2023                                                      2022
southern california           96.3   %                96.2   %
northern california           96.5   %                96.1   %
seattle metro                 96.6   %                95.8   %
the following table provides a breakdown of revenue amounts, including the revenues attributable to 2023 same-properties.
number of apartment                                                  years ended           dollar                 percentage december 31, property revenues ($ in thousands)                           homes                         2023   2022                                    change                     change
2023 same-properties:
southern california                                21,352                          $666,062                        $634,996         $31,066                       4.9     %
northern california                                18,371                           633,736                         609,261          24,475                       4.0     %
seattle metro                                      10,341                           282,092                         271,248          10,844                       4.0     %
total 2023 same-property revenues                  50,064                         1,581,890                       1,515,505          66,385                       4.4     %
2023 non-same property revenues                                                      76,374                          80,170         (3,796)                     (4.7)     %
total property revenues                                                          $1,658,264                      $1,595,675         $62,589                       3.9     %
2023 same-property revenues increased by $66.4 million or 4.4% to $1.6 billion for 2023 compared to $1.5 billion in 2022. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 4.5% in average rental rates from $2,493 for 2022 to $2,604 for 2023.
2023 non-same property revenues decreased by $3.8 million or 4.7% to $76.4 million in 2023 compared to $80.2 million in 2022. the decrease was primarily due to the sales of anavia in 2022 and of cbc and the sweeps in 2023, partially offset by the acquisitions of regency palm court and windsor court in 2022, the acquisition of hacienda at camarillo oaks in 2023, and an increase in average rental rates.
management and other fees from affiliates stayed consistent at $11.1 million in 2023 and 2022.
property operating expenses, excluding real estate taxes increased by $16.3 million or 5.8% to $299.7 million in 2023 compared to $283.4 million in 2022, primarily due to increases of $5.1 million in utilities expenses, $4.7 million in maintenance and repairs expenses, $4.1 million in administrative expenses, and $2.4 million in personnel costs. 2023 same-property operating expenses, excluding real estate taxes, increased by $18.0 million or 6.6% to $292.0 million in 2023 compared to $274.0 million in 2022, primarily due to increases of $5.7 million in utilities expenses, $5.1 million in maintenance and repairs expenses, $4.1 million in insurance and other expenses, $2.7 million in personnel costs, and $0.5 million in administrative expenses.
real estate taxes increased by $1.9 million or 1.0% to $185.8 million in 2023 compared to $183.9 million in 2022, primarily due to an increase of approximately 2% in california real estate taxes, partially offset by a decrease from 2022 in real estate taxes in the seattle metro region. 2023 same-property real estate taxes increased by $2.1 million or 1.3% to $171.3 million in 2023 compared to $169.2 million in 2022 primarily due to an increase of approximately 2% in california real estate taxes, partially offset by a decrease from 2022 in real estate taxes in the seattle metro region.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $9.1 million or 1.7% to $548.4 million in 2023 compared to $539.3 million in 2022, primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense from the completion of station park green (phase iv) development property in 2022, the acquisition of the company's joint venture partner's 49.8% interest in essex jv llc co-investment that owned regency palm court and windsor court, in 2022, and the acquisition of hacienda at camarillo oaks in 2023. the increase was partially offset by the sale of anavia in 2022 and cbc and the sweeps in 2023.
gain on sale of real estate and land of $59.2 million in 2023 was attributable to the sale of cbc and the sweeps apartment home community and the sale of a land parcel.
interest expense increased by $8.1 million or 4.0% to $212.9 million in 2023 compared to $204.8 million in 2022, primarily due to borrowing on the $300.0 million unsecured term loan in april 2023, the $298.0 million of 10-year secured loans closed in july 2023, and higher average interest rates resulting in an increase in interest expense of $16.3 million. additionally, there was a $1.4 million decrease in capitalized interest in 2023, due to a decrease in development activity as compared to the same period in 2022. these increases in interest expense were partially offset by regular principal payments and various debts that matured or were paid off, primarily due to the pay down of the $300.0 million of senior unsecured notes due may 1, 2023 and decreased borrowing on the company's unsecured lines of credit during and after 2022, which resulted in a decrease in interest expense of $9.6 million for 2023.
interest and other (loss) income increased by $65.3 million or 343.7% to income of $46.3 million in 2023 compared to a loss of $19.0 million in 2022, primarily due to increases of $55.6 million in realized and unrealized gains on marketable securities, $7.3 million in marketable securities and other income, and $3.7 million in insurance reimbursements, legal settlements, and other, driven by a legal settlement claim.
equity income from co-investments decreased by $15.4 million or 59.2% to $10.6 million in 2023 compared to $26.0 million in 2022, primarily due to a decrease of $17.1 million in co-investment promote income, an increase of $31.6 million in impairment losses from unconsolidated co-investments offset by an increase of $39.7 million in equity income from non-core co-investments.
comparison of year ended december 31, 2022 to the year ended december 31, 2021
for the comparison of the years ended december 31, 2022 and december 31, 2021, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 23, 2023 under the subheading "comparison of year ended december 31, 2022 to the year ended december 31, 2021."
liquidity and capital resources the following table sets forth the company's cash flows for 2023, 2022 and 2021 ($ in thousands):
for the year ended december 31,
2023                          2022                                  2021
cash flow provided by (used in):
operating activities                            $980,064                                   $975,649                       $905,259
investing activities                            $(145,140)                                 $145,958                       $(397,397)
financing activities                            $(477,271)                             $(1,137,564)                       $(533,265)
essex's business is operated primarily through the operating partnership. essex issues public equity from time to time, but does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses from operating as a public company which are fully reimbursed by the operating partnership.
essex itself does not hold any indebtedness, and its only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the operating partnership. essex's principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common stock. essex's sole source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from the operating partnership.
as of december 31, 2023, essex owned a 96.6% general partner interest and the limited partners owned the remaining 3.4% interest in the operating partnership.
the liquidity of essex is dependent on the operating partnership's ability to make sufficient distributions to essex. the primary cash requirement of essex is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. essex also guarantees some of the operating partnership's debt, as discussed further in notes 7 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k. if the operating partnership fails to fulfill certain of its debt requirements, which trigger essex's guarantee obligations, then essex will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. however, essex's only significant asset is its investment in the operating partnership.
for essex to maintain its qualification as a reit, it must pay dividends to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its reit taxable income, excluding net capital gains. while historically essex has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of other property, including, in limited circumstances, essex's own stock. as a result of this distribution requirement, the operating partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its ongoing operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not reits can. essex may need to continue to raise capital in the equity markets to fund the operating partnership's working capital needs, acquisitions and developments.
at december 31, 2023, the company had $391.7 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $87.8 million in marketable securities. the company believes that cash flows generated by its operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities balances and availability under existing lines of credit are sufficient to meet all of its anticipated cash needs during 2024. additionally, the capital markets continue to be available and the company is able to generate cash from the disposition of real estate assets to finance additional cash flow needs, including continued development and select acquisitions. in the event that economic disruptions occur, the company may further utilize other resources such as its cash reserves, lines of credit, or decreased investment in redevelopment activities to supplement operating cash flows. the company is carefully monitoring and managing its cash position in light of ongoing conditions and levels of operations. the timing, source and amounts of cash flows provided by financing activities and used in investing activities are sensitive to changes in interest rates and other fluctuations in the capital markets environment, which can affect the company's plans for acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment activities.
as of december 31, 2023, the company had $5.1 billion of fixed rate public bonds outstanding at an average interest rate of 3.3% with maturity dates ranging from 2024 to 2050.
as of december 31, 2023, the company's mortgage notes payable totaled $887.2 million, net of unamortized premiums and debt issuance costs, which consisted of $665.7 million in fixed rate debt at an average interest rate of 4.3% and maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2033 and $221.5 million of tax-exempt variable rate demand notes with a weighted average interest rate of 4.6%. the tax-exempt variable rate demand notes have maturity dates ranging from 2027 to 2046. $222.7 million is subject to total return swaps.
as of december 31, 2023, the company had two unsecured lines of credit aggregating $1.24 billion, including a $1.2 billion unsecured line of credit and a $35.0 million working capital unsecured line of credit. as of december 31, 2023, there was no amount outstanding on the $1.2 billion unsecured line of credit. the underlying interest rate is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the company's credit ratings, adjusted for the company's sustainability metric grid, and was at adjusted sofr plus 0.75% as of december 31, 2023. this facility is scheduled to mature in january 2027, with two six-month extensions, exercisable at the company's option. as of december 31, 2023, there was no amount outstanding on the company's $35.0 million working capital unsecured line of credit. the underlying interest rate is based on a tiered rate structure tied to the company's credit ratings, adjusted for the company's sustainability metric grid, and was at adjusted sofr plus 0.75% as of december 31, 2023. this facility is scheduled to mature in july 2024.
the company's unsecured lines of credit and unsecured debt agreements contain debt covenants related to limitations on indebtedness and liabilities and maintenance of minimum levels of consolidated earnings before depreciation, interest and amortization. the company was in compliance with the debt covenants as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
the company pays quarterly dividends from cash available for distribution. until it is distributed, cash available for distribution is invested by the company primarily in investment grade securities held available for sale or is used by the company to reduce balances outstanding under its lines of credit.
derivative activity the company uses interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, and total return swap contracts to manage certain interest rate risks. the valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. this analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. the fair values of interest rate swaps and total return swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). the variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. the company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements.
the company has four total return swap contracts, with an aggregate notional amount of $222.7 million, that effectively converts $222.7 million of fixed mortgage notes payable to a floating interest rate based on the securities industry and financial markets association municipal swap index ("sifma") plus a spread. the total return swaps provide fair market value protection on the mortgage notes payable to our counterparties during the initial period of the total return swap until the company's option to call the mortgage notes at par can be exercised. the company can currently call all four of the total return swaps, with $222.7 million of the outstanding debt at par. these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting.
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate carrying value of the interest rate swap contracts were an asset of $4.3 million and $5.6 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the swap contracts were presented in the consolidated balance sheets as an asset of $4.3 million and $5.6 million, respectively, and were included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. the aggregate carrying and fair value of the total return swaps was zero at both december 31, 2023 and 2022.
hedge ineffectiveness related to cash flow hedges, which is reported in current year income as interest expense, net was zero for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021.
issuance of common stock in september 2021, the company entered into the 2021 atm program, a new equity distribution agreement pursuant to which the company may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $900.0 million. in connection with the 2021 atm program, the company may also enter into related forward sale agreements, and may sell shares of its common stock pursuant to these agreements. the use of a forward sale agreement would allow the company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of its common stock at the time the agreement is executed, but defer receipt of the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date should the company elect to settle such forward sale agreement, in whole or in part, in shares of common stock. the 2021 atm program replaced the prior equity distribution agreement entered into in september 2018 (the "2018 atm program"), which was terminated upon the establishment of the 2021 atm program. for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, the company did not sell any shares of its common stock through the 2021 atm program. as of december 31, 2023, there were no outstanding forward purchase agreements, and $900.0 million of shares of common stock remain available to be sold under the 2021 atm program. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company did not issue any shares of its common stock through the 2021 atm program or through the 2018 atm program.
capital expenditures non-revenue generating capital expenditures are improvements and upgrades that extend the useful life of the property. for the year ended december 31, 2023, non-revenue generating capital expenditures totaled approximately $2,531 per apartment home. these expenditures do not include expenditures for deferred maintenance on acquisition properties, expenditures for property renovations and improvements which are expected to generate additional revenue or cost savings, and do not include expenditures incurred due to changes in government regulations that the company would not have incurred otherwise, retail, furniture and fixtures, or expenditures for which the company has been reimbursed or expects to be reimbursed. the company expects that cash from operations and/or its lines of credit will fund such expenditures.
development and predevelopment pipeline the company defines development projects as new communities that are being constructed, or are newly constructed and are in a phase of lease-up and have not yet reached stabilized operations. as of december 31, 2023, the company's development pipeline was comprised of one unconsolidated joint venture project under development aggregating 264 apartment homes and various predevelopment projects, with total incurred costs of $114.0 million. estimated remaining project costs are approximately $12.0 million, $6.5 million of which represents the company's share of the estimated remaining costs, for total estimated project costs of $126.0 million.
the company defines predevelopment projects as proposed communities in negotiation or in the entitlement process with an expected high likelihood of becoming entitled development projects. the company may also acquire land for future development purposes or sale.
the company expects to fund the development and predevelopment communities by using a combination of some or all of the following sources: its working capital, amounts available on its lines of credit, construction loans, net proceeds from public and private equity and debt issuances, and proceeds from the disposition of assets, if any.
alternative capital sources the company utilizes co-investments as an alternative source of capital for acquisitions of both operating and development communities. as of december 31, 2023, the company had an interest in 264 apartment homes in communities actively under development with joint ventures for total estimated costs of $102.0 million. total estimated remaining costs total approximately $12.0 million, of which the company estimates that its remaining investment in these development joint ventures will be approximately $6.5 million. in addition, the company had an interest in 10,425 apartment homes in operating communities with joint ventures and other investments for a total book value of $437.4 million.
real estate and other commitments the following table summarizes the company's unfunded real estate and other future commitments at december 31, 2023 ($ in thousands):
number of properties          investment       remaining commitment joint ventures (1):
preferred equity investments                               2                $98,000                 $38,000
non-core co-investments                                    -                 86,000                  37,715
consolidated:
mezzanine loans                                            1                 50,000                   4,305
$234,000                 $80,020
(1) excludes approximately $6.5 million of the company's share of estimated project costs for livia at scripps ranch which have been fully funded.
at december 31, 2023, the company had operating lease commitments of $155.1 million for ground, building and garage leases with maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2083. $7.3 million of this commitment is due within the next twelve months.
variable interest entities in accordance with accounting standards for consolidation of variable interest entities ("vies"), the company consolidated the operating partnership, 18 downreit entities (comprising nine communities) and six co-investments as of december 31, 2023 and 2022. the company consolidates these entities because it is deemed the primary beneficiary. essex has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in the operating partnership. the consolidated total assets and liabilities related to the above consolidated co-investments and downreit entities, net of intercompany eliminations, were approximately $956.7 million and $324.5 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2023, and $939.4 million and $324.3 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2022. noncontrolling interests in these entities were $121.1 million and $121.5 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the company's financial risk in each vie is limited to its equity investment in the vie. as of december 31, 2023, the company did not have any other vies of which it was deemed to be the primary beneficiary.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements, in accordance with u.s. gaap, requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the company defines critical accounting estimates as those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the company. the company's critical accounting estimates relate principally to the following key areas: (i) accounting for the acquisition of investments in real estate; and (ii) evaluation of events and changes in circumstances indicating whether the company's rental properties may be impaired. the company bases its estimates on historical experience, current market conditions, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from those estimates made by management.
the company accounts for its acquisitions of investments in real estate by assessing each acquisition to determine if it meets the definition of a business or if it qualifies as an asset acquisition. we expect that acquisitions of individual operating communities will generally be viewed as asset acquisitions, and result in the capitalization of acquisition costs, and the allocation of purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the relative fair value of the respective assets and liabilities.
in making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, the company utilizes a number of sources, including independent land appraisals which consider comparable market transactions, its own analysis of recently acquired or developed comparable properties in our portfolio for land comparables and building replacement costs, and other publicly available market data. in calculating the fair value of identified intangible assets of an acquired property, the in-place leases are valued based on in-place rent rates and amortized over the average remaining term of all acquired leases. the allocation of the total consideration exchanged for a real estate acquisition between the identifiable assets and liabilities and the depreciation we recognize over the estimated useful life of the asset could be impacted by different assumptions and estimates used in the calculation. the reasonable likelihood that the estimate could have a material impact on the financial condition of the company is based on the total consideration exchanged for real estate during any given year.
the company periodically assesses the carrying value of its real estate investments for indicators of impairment. the judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on monitoring investment market conditions and performance for operating properties including the net operating income for the most recent 12 month period, monitoring estimated costs for properties under development, the company's ability to hold and its intent with regard to each asset, and each property's remaining useful life. although each of these may result in an impairment indicator, the shortening of an expected holding period due to the potential sale of a property is the most likely impairment indicator. whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property held for investment may not be fully recoverable, the carrying amount is evaluated. if the sum of the property's expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the property, then the company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the property. changes in operating and market conditions may result in a change of our intent to hold the property through the end of its useful life and may impact the assumptions utilized to determine the future cash flows of the real estate investment.
the company bases its accounting estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may vary from those estimates and those estimates could be different under different assumptions or conditions.
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders ("ffo") is a financial measure that is commonly used in the reit industry. the company presents ffo and ffo excluding non-core items (referred to as "core ffo") as supplemental operating performance measures. ffo and core ffo are not used by the company as, nor should they be considered to be, alternatives to net income computed under u.s. gaap as an indicator of the company's operating performance or as alternatives to cash from operating activities computed under u.s. gaap as an indicator of the company's ability to fund its cash needs.
ffo and core ffo are not meant to represent a comprehensive system of financial reporting and do not present, nor do they intend to present, a complete picture of the company's financial condition and operating performance. the company believes that net income computed under u.s. gaap is the primary measure of performance and that ffo and core ffo are only meaningful when they are used in conjunction with net income.
the company considers ffo and core ffo to be useful financial performance measurements of an equity reit because, together with net income and cash flows, ffo and core ffo provide investors with additional bases to evaluate operating performance and ability of a reit to incur and service debt and to fund acquisitions and other capital expenditures and to pay dividends. by excluding gains or losses related to sales of depreciated operating properties and land, excluding real estate depreciation (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates) and excluding impairment write-downs from operating real estate and unconsolidated co-investments driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of real estate held by the co-investment, ffo can help investors compare the operating performance of a real estate company between periods or as compared to different companies. by further adjusting for items that are not considered part of the company's core business operations, core ffo allows investors to compare the core operating performance of the company to its performance in prior reporting periods and to the operating performance of other real estate companies without the effect of items that by their nature are not comparable from period to period and tend to obscure the company's actual operating results. the company believes that its consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, provide the most meaningful picture of its financial condition and its operating performance.
in calculating ffo, the company follows the definition for this measure published by nareit, which is the leading reit industry association. the company believes that, under the nareit ffo definition, the two most significant adjustments made to net income are (i) the exclusion of historical cost depreciation and (ii) the exclusion of gains and losses from the sale of previously depreciated properties. the company agrees that these two nareit adjustments are useful to investors for the following reasons:
(a)historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with u.s. gaap assumes, through depreciation charges, that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. nareit stated in its white paper on funds from operations "since real estate asset values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves." consequently, nareit's definition of ffo reflects the fact that real estate, as an asset class, generally appreciates over time and depreciation charges required by u.s. gaap do not reflect the underlying economic realities.
(b)reits were created as a legal form of organization in order to encourage public ownership of real estate as an asset class through investment in firms that were in the business of long-term ownership and management of real estate.  the exclusion, in nareit's definition of ffo, of gains and losses from the sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets allows investors and analysts to readily identify the operating results of the long-term assets that form the core of a reit's activity and assists in comparing those operating results between periods.
management believes that it has consistently applied the nareit definition of ffo to all periods presented. however, there is judgment involved and other reits' calculation of ffo may vary from the nareit definition for this measure, and thus their disclosure of ffo may not be comparable to the company's calculation.
the table below is a reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to ffo and core ffo for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021.
as of and for the years ended december 31,
2023                              2022                              2021
($ in thousands, except per share amounts)
other data:
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders:
net income available to common stockholders                                                                            $405,825                          $408,315                          $488,554
adjustments:
depreciation and amortization                                                                                           548,438                           539,319                           520,066
gains not included in ffo                                                                                              (59,238)                         (111,839)                         (145,253)
casualty loss                                                                                                               433                                 -                                 -
impairment loss from unconsolidated co-investments                                                                       33,700                             2,105                                 -
depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated co-investments                                                         71,745                            72,585                            61,059
noncontrolling interest related to operating partnership units                                                           14,284                            14,297                            17,191
depreciation attributable to third party ownership and other (1)                                                        (1,474)                           (1,421)                             (571)
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders                                            $1,013,713                          $923,361                          $941,046
non-core items:
expensed acquisition and investment related costs                                                                           595                             2,132                               203
tax expense (benefit) on unconsolidated co-investments (2)                                                                  697                          (10,236)                            15,668
realized and unrealized (gains) losses on marketable securities, net                                                   (10,006)                            45,547                          (36,504)
provision for credit losses                                                                                                  70                             (381)                               141
equity (income) loss from non-core co-investments (3)                                                                   (1,685)                            38,045                          (55,602)
loss on early retirement of debt, net                                                                                         -                                 2                            19,010
loss on early retirement of debt from unconsolidated co-investment                                                            -                               988                                25
co-investment promote income                                                                                                  -                          (17,076)                                 -
income from early redemption of preferred equity investments and notes receivable                                         (285)                           (1,669)                           (8,469)
general and administrative and other, net                                                                                 6,629                             2,536                             1,026
insurance reimbursements, legal settlements, and other, net                                                             (9,821)                           (5,392)                          (35,234)
core funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders                                         $999,907                          $977,857                          $841,310
weighted average number of shares outstanding, diluted (ffo) (4)                                                         66,514                            67,375                            67,335
funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders per share - diluted                            $15.24                            $13.70                            $13.98
core funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unitholders per share - diluted                       $15.03                            $14.51                            $12.49
(1)the company consolidates certain co-investments. the noncontrolling interest's share of net operating income in these investments for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023 was $3.3 million.
(2)represents tax related to net unrealized gains or losses on technology co-investments.
(3)represents the company's share of co-investment or loss from technology co-investments.
(4)assumes conversion of all outstanding op units into shares of the company's common stock and excludes downreit limited partnership units.
net operating income net operating income ("noi") and same-property noi are considered by management to be important supplemental performance measures to earnings from operations included in the company's consolidated statements of income. the presentation of same-property noi assists with the presentation of the company's operations prior to the allocation of depreciation and any corporate-level or financing-related costs. noi reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easy comparison of the operating performance of individual communities or groups of communities. in addition, because prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impacts to overhead by acquiring real estate, noi is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. the company defines same-property noi as same-property revenues less same-property operating expenses, including property taxes. please see the reconciliation of earnings from operations to noi and same-property noi, which in the table below is the noi for stabilized properties consolidated by the company for the periods presented ($ in thousands):
2023                                                                        2022                                           2021
earnings from operations                                      $584,342                    $595,229                  $529,995
adjustments:
corporate-level property management expenses                    45,872                      40,704                    36,211
depreciation and amortization                                  548,438                     539,319                   520,066
management and other fees from affiliates                     (11,131)                    (11,139)                   (9,138)
general and administrative                                      63,474                      56,577                    51,838
expensed acquisition and investment related costs                  595                       2,132                       203
casualty loss                                                      433                           -                         -
gain on sale of real estate and land                          (59,238)                    (94,416)                 (142,993)
noi                                                          1,172,785                   1,128,406                   986,182
less: non same-property noi                                   (54,179)                    (56,058)                  (45,149)
same-property noi                                           $1,118,606                  $1,072,348                  $941,033
forward-looking statements certain statements in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k which are not historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding the company's expectations, estimates, assumptions, hopes, intentions, beliefs and strategies regarding the future. words such as "expects," "assumes," "anticipates," "may," "will," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "seeks," "future," "estimates," and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding the company's expectations related to the continued evolution of the work-from-home trend, the company's intent, beliefs or expectations with respect to the timing of completion of current development and redevelopment projects and the stabilization of such projects, the timing of lease-up and occupancy of its apartment communities, the anticipated operating performance of its apartment communities, the total projected costs of development and redevelopment projects, co-investment activities, qualification as a reit under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, the company's first quarter and full-year 2024 guidance (including net income, total ffo and core ffo and related assumptions, including with respect to gdp growth, job growth and market rent growth), 2024 same-property revenue, new housing growth, operating expenses and net operating income generally and in specific regions, the real estate markets in the geographies in which the company's properties are located and in the united states in general, the adequacy of future cash flows to meet anticipated cash needs, its financing activities and the use of proceeds from such activities, the availability of debt and equity financing, general economic conditions including the potential impacts from such economic conditions, inflation, the labor market, supply chain impacts, geopolitical tensions and regional conflicts, trends affecting the company's financial condition or results of operations, changes to u.s. tax laws and regulations in general or specifically related to reits or real estate, changes to laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which communities the company owns are located, and other information that is not historical information.
while the company's management believes the assumptions underlying its forward-looking statements are reasonable, such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company's control, which could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. the company cannot assure the future results or outcome of the matters described in these statements; rather, these statements merely reflect the company's current expectations of the approximate outcomes of the matters discussed.
factors that might cause the company's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: potential future outbreaks of infectious diseases or other health concerns, which could adversely affect the company's business and its tenants, and cause a significant downturn in general economic conditions, the real estate industry, and the markets in which the company's communities are located; the company may fail to achieve its business objectives; the actual completion of development and redevelopment projects may be subject to delays; the stabilization dates of such projects may be delayed; the company may abandon or defer development or redevelopment projects for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions which make development less desirable, increases in costs of development, increases in the cost of capital or lack of capital availability, resulting in losses; the total projected costs of current development and redevelopment projects may exceed expectations; such development and redevelopment projects may not be completed; development and redevelopment projects and acquisitions may fail to meet expectations; estimates of future income from an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate; occupancy rates and rental demand may be adversely affected by competition and local economic and market conditions; there may be increased interest rates, inflation, escalated operating costs and possible recessionary impacts; geopolitical tensions and regional conflicts, and the related impacts on macroeconomic conditions, including, among other things, interest rates and inflation; the company may be unsuccessful in the management of its relationships with its co-investment partners; future cash flows may be inadequate to meet operating requirements and/or may be insufficient to provide for dividend payments in accordance with reit requirements; changes in laws or regulations; the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness; unexpected difficulties in leasing of development projects; volatility in financial and securities markets; the company's failure to successfully operate acquired properties; unforeseen consequences from cyber-intrusion; the company's inability to maintain our investment grade credit rating with the rating agencies; government approvals, actions and initiatives, including the need for compliance with environmental requirements; and those further risks, special considerations, and other factors discussed in item 1a, risk factors, of this form 10-k, and those risk factors and special considerations set forth in the company's other filings with the sec which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. all forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, the company assumes no obligation to update or supplement this information for any reason, and therefore, they may not represent the company's estimates and assumptions after the date of this report.
