item 1a. risk factors.
we have listed below the material risk factors applicable to us grouped into the following categories: operational risks; macroeconomic, market, and strategic risks; financial risks; and legal and regulatory risks.
operational risks ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with ford's production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to acquire key components or raw materials, such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite, and manganese, can disrupt ford's production of vehicles. our products contain components that we source globally from suppliers who, in turn, source components from their suppliers. if there is a shortage of a key component in our supply chain or a supplier is unable to deliver a component to us in accordance with our specifications, because of a production issue, limited availability of materials, shipping problems, restrictions on transactions with certain countries or companies, or other reason, and the component cannot be easily sourced from a different supplier, or we are unable to obtain a component on a timely basis, the shortage may disrupt our operations or increase our costs of production.
for the production of our electric vehicles, we are dependent on the supply of batteries and the raw materials (e.g., lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite, and manganese) used by our suppliers to produce those batteries. as we increase our production of electric vehicles, we expect our need for such materials to increase significantly. at the same time, other companies are increasing their production of electric vehicles, which will further increase the demand for such raw materials. as a result, we may be unable to acquire raw materials needed for electric vehicle production in sufficient amounts that are responsibly sourced or at reasonable prices. as described below under "to facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the production of electric vehicles, ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast" as well as in the liquidity and capital resources section in item 7 below, we have entered into and we may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts that obligate us, subject to certain conditions such as quality or minimum output, to purchase a certain percentage or minimum amount of output from certain raw materials suppliers. in the event the supplier under those agreements or any of our or our suppliers' raw material supply contracts is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of raw materials needed for our or our suppliers' production operations, e.g., if a mine does not produce at expected levels, or the raw materials do not otherwise satisfy our requirements, and we or our suppliers are unable to find an alternative resource with sufficient quantities, at reasonable prices, responsibly sourced (e.g., in compliance with the uyghur forced labor prevention act and similar regulations and standards), and in a timely manner, it could impact our ability to produce electric vehicles.
a shortage of, or our inability to acquire or find adequate suppliers of, key components or raw materials as a result of disruptions in the supply chain, capacity constraints, limited availability, competition for those items within the automotive industry and other sectors, or otherwise can cause a significant disruption to our production schedule and have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. further, as a result of lower-than-anticipated industrywide electric vehicle adoption rates or otherwise, suppliers of such raw materials or components may become distressed.
to facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the production of electric vehicles, ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast. we have announced plans to significantly increase our electric vehicle production volumes; however, our ability to produce higher volumes of electric vehicles is dependent upon the availability of raw materials and other components necessary for the production of batteries, e.g., lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite, and manganese, among others. as described above under "ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with ford's production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to acquire key components or raw materials, such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite, and manganese, can disrupt ford's production of vehicles," to facilitate our access to such raw materials, we have entered into and we may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts. such agreements obligate us, subject to certain conditions such as quality or minimum output, to purchase a certain percentage or minimum amount of output from raw material suppliers over an agreed upon period of time pursuant to an agreed upon purchase price mechanism that is typically based upon the market price of the material at the time of delivery.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
unlike our historical arrangements with suppliers, under multi-year offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts, the risks associated with lower-than-expected electric vehicle production volumes or changes in battery technology that reduce the need for certain raw materials, batteries, or their components are borne by ford rather than our suppliers. in the event we do not purchase the materials or components pursuant to the terms of these agreements, we may be obligated to reimburse the supplier for costs it incurs. we have incurred and we may continue to incur such charges. this may be the case even if the supplier finds another purchaser, as we may be responsible for the costs of finding the new purchaser as well as any lost revenue attributable to the replacement purchaser paying a lower price than required under the pricing mechanism in our agreement.
as a result of the competition for and limited availability of the raw materials needed for our electric vehicle business, the costs of such materials are difficult to accurately forecast as they may fluctuate during the term of the offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts based on market conditions. accordingly, we may be subject to increases in the prices we pay for those raw materials, and our ability to recoup such costs through increased pricing to our customers may be limited. as a result, our margins, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation may be adversely impacted by commitments we make pursuant to offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts.
ford's long-term competitiveness depends on the successful execution of ford+. we previously announced our plan for growth and value creation - ford+. ford+ is focused on delivering distinctive and increasingly electric products plus "always-on" customer relationships and user experiences. our ford+ plan is designed to leverage our foundational strengths to build new capabilities - enriching customer experiences and deepening loyalty. as we undertake this transformation of our business, we must integrate our strategic initiatives into a cohesive business model, and balance competing priorities, or we will not be successful. to facilitate this transformation, we are making substantial investments, recruiting new talent, and optimizing our business model, management system, and organization. accordingly, maintaining discipline in our capital allocation continues to be important, as a strong core business and a balance sheet that provides the flexibility to invest in these new growth opportunities is critical to the success of our ford+ plan. if we are unable to optimize our capital allocation among vehicles, services, technology, and other calls on capital, make sufficient progress to become competitive on cost and quality, or we are otherwise not successful in executing ford+ (or are delayed for reasons outside of our control), we may not be able to realize the full benefits of our plan, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. furthermore, if we fail to make progress on our plan at the pace that shareholders expect, it may lead to an increase in shareholder activism, which may disrupt the conduct of our business and divert management's attention and resources.
ford's vehicles could be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our vehicles and services could continue to have an adverse effect on our business.  government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. we may also be obligated to remedy defects or potentially recall our vehicles due to defective components provided to us by our suppliers, arising from their quality issues or otherwise. nhtsa's enforcement strategy has resulted in significant civil penalties being levied and the use of consent orders requiring direct oversight by nhtsa of certain manufacturers' safety processes, a trend that could continue. should we or government safety regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists with respect to certain of our vehicles prior to the start of production, the launch of such vehicle could be delayed until such defect is remedied. the cost of recall and customer satisfaction actions to remedy defects in vehicles that have been sold could be substantial, particularly if the actions relate to global platforms or involve defects that are identified years after production. for example, nhtsa and the automotive industry are currently engaged in a study of the safety of approximately 56 million takata desiccated airbag inflators in the united states. of these, approximately three and a half million of the inflators are in our vehicles. in addition, nhtsa is considering action related to 52 million vehicles containing inflators from arc automotive and delphi automotive in the united states. ford has 2.5 million vehicles within this population. should nhtsa determine that these inflators contain a safety defect, ford and other manufacturers could potentially face significant incremental recall costs. further, to the extent recall and customer satisfaction actions relate to defective components we receive from suppliers, our ability to recover from the suppliers may be limited by the suppliers' financial condition. we accrue the estimated cost of both base warranty coverages and field service actions at the time a vehicle is sold, and we reevaluate the adequacy of our accruals on a regular basis. in addition, from time to time, we issue extended warranties at our expense, the estimated cost of which is accrued at the time of issuance. for additional information regarding warranty and field service action costs, including our process for establishing our reserves, see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 and note 25 of the notes to the financial statements. if warranty costs are greater than anticipated as a result of increased vehicle and component complexity, the adoption of new technologies, the time it takes to improve the quality of our products and services (or if such efforts are unsuccessful), or otherwise (including as a result of higher repair costs driven by inflation or other economic factors), such costs could continue to have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. furthermore, launch delays, recall actions, and item 1a. risk factors (continued)
increased warranty costs have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our reputation or the public perception and market acceptance of our products and services as discussed below under "ford's new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and its reputation may be harmed if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced." in an effort to improve quality, we have slowed down and may continue to slow down launches, which may result in lost sales, revenue, and profits and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, as a result of vehicles on hold for quality control, our inventory levels may be higher.
ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, or business strategies. we have invested in, formed strategic alliances with, and announced or formed joint ventures with a number of companies, and we may expand those relationships or enter into similar relationships with additional companies. these initiatives typically involve enormous complexity, may require a significant amount of capital, and may involve a lengthy regulatory approval process. as a result, we may not be able to complete anticipated transactions, the anticipated benefits of these transactions may not be realized, or the benefits may be delayed. for example, we may not successfully integrate an alliance or joint venture with our operations, including the implementation of our controls, systems, procedures, and policies, or unforeseen expenses or liabilities may arise that were not discovered during due diligence prior to an investment or entry into a strategic alliance, or a misalignment of interests may develop between us and the other party. further, to the extent we share ownership, control, or management with another party in a joint venture, our ability to influence the joint venture may be limited, and we may be unable to prevent misconduct or implement our compliance or internal control systems. in order to secure critical materials for production of electric vehicles, we have entered into and may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts with raw materials suppliers and make investments in certain raw material and battery suppliers; however, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these actions and our efforts to have such suppliers, particularly those in less developed markets, adopt ford's sustainability and other standards may be unsuccessful, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation. in addition, the implementation of a new or different business strategy may lead to the disruption of our existing business operations, including distracting management from current operations. for example, our efforts to evaluate and implement alternative distribution models and channels for our products and services from those we have traditionally used may be challenged or may not succeed or be as successful as our historical arrangements. external factors may also impact the success of our initiatives. for example, our business and strategy are susceptible to tensions in u.s.-china relations and the rapid development of the chinese electric vehicle industry, with domestic chinese producers exporting to some key markets in which we operate. in addition, as we transition to producing a higher percentage of electric vehicles, if industrywide adoption rates continue to be lower than anticipated, we may take actions to better match the pace of electric vehicle adoption, such as not fully utilizing or reducing the capacity of our existing or future plants, reducing production hours or shifts, and we may become subject to claims by suppliers as a result. results of operations from new activities may be lower than our existing activities, and, if a strategy is unsuccessful, we may not recoup our investments, which may be significant, in that strategy. moreover, we may continue to have financial exposure following a strategic divestiture or cessation of operations in a market. failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions or strategies described herein could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation. we continually review and evaluate our business to find opportunities to make our operations more efficient and reduce costs. in doing so, we have taken and may in the future take restructuring actions, such as strategic divestitures or ceasing of operations in a market, particularly for those businesses where a path to sustained profitability is not feasible in light of the capital allocation requirements or for other reasons. our plans for implementing such actions may be accelerated by shifting industry dynamics and new entrants to our industries with which we must compete. these actions may include employee separations, a reduced footprint (e.g., plant closures or smaller operations at existing plants or plants that are not yet on-line), or operating our plants at less than full capacity (e.g., reducing shifts). such restructuring actions have caused us and may in the future cause us to incur significant costs; record impairments or other charges; subject us to potential claims from employees, suppliers, dealers, other counterparties, or governmental authorities (including a reduction or clawback of incentives); disrupt our operations; distract management from current operations; or harm our reputation. further, we may not realize the expected benefits of such restructuring actions (e.g., anticipated cost savings), such benefits may be delayed, or market dynamics or other factors may have evolved such that we cannot obtain the original intended results of an action.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
operational information systems, security systems, vehicles, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact ford and ford credit as well as their suppliers and dealers.  we rely on information technology networks and information systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, some of which are managed by suppliers, to process, transmit, and store electronic information that is important to the operation of our business, our vehicles, and the services we offer. despite devoting significant resources to our cybersecurity program, we are at risk for interruptions, outages, and compromises of: (i) operational information systems (including business, financial, accounting, product development, consumer receivables, data processing, or manufacturing processes); (ii) facility security systems; and/or (iii) in-vehicle systems or mobile devices, whether caused by a ransomware or other cybersecurity incident, security breach, or other reason (e.g., a natural disaster, fire, acts of terrorism or war, or an overburdened infrastructure system). such incidents could materially disrupt operational information systems; result in loss or unwilling publication of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise the privacy of personal information of consumers, employees, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; affect the performance of in-vehicle systems or services we offer; and/or impact the safety of our vehicles. this risk exposure rises as we continue to develop and produce vehicles with increased connectivity. moreover, we, our suppliers, and our dealers have been the target of cybersecurity incidents and such threats are continuing and evolving, which may cause cybersecurity incidents to be more difficult to detect for periods of time. our networks and in-vehicle systems, sharing similar architectures, could also be impacted by, or a cybersecurity incident may result from, the negligence or misconduct of insiders or third-parties who have access to our networks and systems. we employ capabilities, processes, and other security measures we believe are designed to detect, reduce, and mitigate the risk of cybersecurity incidents, and have requirements for our suppliers to do the same; however, we may not be aware of all vulnerabilities or might not accurately assess the risks of incidents, and such preventative measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be sufficient in all circumstances or mitigate all potential risks, including potential production disruption or the loss or disclosure of sensitive information. moreover, a cybersecurity incident could harm our reputation, cause customers to lose trust in our security measures, and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation, which may result in fines, penalties, judgments, or injunctions, and a cybersecurity incident involving us or one of our suppliers could impact our production, internal operations, business strategy, results of operations, financial condition, or our ability to deliver products and services to our customers.
ford's production, as well as ford's suppliers' production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors. a work stoppage or other limitation on production could occur at ford's facilities, at a facility in its supply chain, or at one of its logistics providers for any number of reasons, including as a result of labor issues, including shortages of available employees, disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, absenteeism, public health issues (e.g., covid), stay-at-home orders, or in response to potential restructuring actions (e.g., plant closures); as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints, such as limited quantities of components or raw materials, quality issues, capacity limitations, or other difficulties; as a result of a natural disaster (including climate-related physical risk); social unrest; cybersecurity incidents; or for other reasons. a suspension or substantial curtailment of our manufacturing operations could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, as was the case in 2020, when, consistent with actions taken by governmental authorities, we idled our plants in regions around the world. the duration of a suspension of manufacturing operations and a return to our full production schedule will vary. our ford blue, ford model e, and ford pro operations generally do not realize revenue while our manufacturing operations are suspended, but we continue to incur operating and non-operating expenses, resulting in a deterioration of our cash flow. accordingly, any significant future disruption to our production schedule, regionally or globally, whether as a result of our own or a supplier's suspension of operations, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. moreover, our supply and distribution chains may be disrupted by supplier or dealer bankruptcies or their permanent discontinuation of operations triggered by a shutdown of operations.
the limited availability of components, labor shortages, public health emergencies, and supplier operating issues has led to intermittent interruptions in our supply chain and an inconsistent production schedule at our facilities. this has exacerbated the disruption to our suppliers' operations, which, in turn, has led to higher costs and production shortfalls. as a result of this disrupted production schedule, we have received and continue to receive claims from our supply base for reimbursement of costs beyond our original agreed terms. upon receipt, we evaluate those claims, and, in certain circumstances, we have made payments to our suppliers, and this trend may continue.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
given the worldwide scope of our supply chain and operations, we and our suppliers face a risk of disruption or operating inefficiencies that may increase costs due to the adverse physical effects of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of weather and other natural events, e.g., wildfires, extended droughts, and extreme temperatures. in addition, in the event a weather-related event, strike, international conflict, or other occurrence limits the ability of freight carriers to deliver components and other materials from suppliers to us or logistics providers to transport our vehicles for an extended period of time, it may increase our costs and delay or otherwise impact both our production operations and customers' ability to receive our vehicles.
many components used in our vehicles are available only from a single or limited number of suppliers and, therefore, cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.). such suppliers also could threaten to disrupt our production as leverage in negotiations. in addition, when we undertake a model changeover, significant downtime at one or more of our production facilities may be required, and our ability to return to full production may be delayed if we experience production difficulties at one of our facilities or a supplier's facility. moreover, as vehicles, components, and their integration become more complex, we may face an increased risk of a delay in production of new vehicles. regardless of the cause, our ability to recoup lost production volume may be limited. accordingly, a significant disruption to our production schedule could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and may impact our strategy to comply with fuel economy standards as discussed below under "ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations."
failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers could have a negative impact on ford's business. a growing part of our business involves connectivity, digital and physical services, and integrated software services, and we are devoting significant resources to develop this business. if we fail to generate sufficient demand for our integrated software and digital services or if customers do not opt to activate the modems in our vehicles, which would hinder our ability to offer and sell such services, we may not grow revenue in line with the costs we are investing or achieve profitability on our increasingly digitally-connected products. for additional discussion on the market acceptance of our services, see below under "ford's new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and its reputation may be harmed if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced."
we contract with third parties to offer digital content to customers and license technologies for use in our software and digital services. this includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into our own services; however, continuation of these third-party licensing and other arrangements, or their renewal on commercially reasonable terms, is not guaranteed or may be unavailable. moreover, while we seek to grow our share of this business, third parties may be less inclined to continue developing or licensing software for ford's products or permit the company to distribute their content, or such providers may offer competing products and services to the detriment of our business. if we are unable to offer integrated software applications and digital services on competitive terms, it may reduce customer demand or increase our costs to provide such applications and services, which we may be unable to pass on to customers. alternatively, we may have to develop or license new content or technology to provide digital services, and there can be no assurance we would be able to develop or license such content or technology at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, either of which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation.
sophisticated software integration may have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or other software products and services. in addition, the services we offer can have quality issues and may, from time to time, experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors. as a result, these services may not always perform as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. there can be no assurance we will be able to detect and remedy all issues and defects in the hardware, software, and services we offer, or successfully deliver over-the-air ("ota") updates. failure to do so on a timely basis could result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting our products and services. for additional discussion on the risks associated with defects and quality issues, see above under "ford's vehicles could be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our vehicles and services could continue to have an adverse effect on our business."
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
the actions of end users are generally beyond our control and some users may engage in fraudulent or abusive activities that involve our digital services. these include unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that violate our terms of service. while we have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our digital services and related information systems, malicious entities have and will continue to attempt to gain unauthorized access to them. if our efforts to detect such violations or our actions to control these types of fraud and abuse are not effective or timely, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation. for further information, see above under "operational information systems, security systems, vehicles, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact ford and ford credit as well as their suppliers and dealers."
ford's ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints. the vast majority of the hourly employees in our manufacturing operations in the united states and canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements.  these agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of income security, subject to certain conditions. with the ratification of our new contracts with the international union, united automobile, aerospace and agricultural implement workers of america ("uaw") in the united states and unifor in canada in 2023, we expect to have a significant increase in labor costs through the life of the contracts, and if we are unable to offset those costs, it could have a significant adverse effect on our business. further, these agreements may restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses. some of our competitors do not have such collective bargaining agreements and are not subject to the same constraints. a substantial number of our employees in other regions are represented by unions or government councils, and legislation or custom promoting retention of manufacturing or other employment in the state, country, or region may constrain as a practical matter our ability to sell or close manufacturing or other facilities or increase the cost of doing so.
ford's ability to attract, develop, grow, and reward talent is critical to its success and competitiveness.  our success depends on our ability to continue to attract, develop, grow, and reward talented and diverse employees with domain expertise in engineering, software, technology (including digital capabilities and connectivity), integrated services, supply chain, marketing, and finance, among other areas. while we have been successful in attracting talent in recent years, as with any company, the ability to continue to attract talent is important, particularly in growth areas vital to our success such as software, electrification, and integrated services. competition for such talent is intense, which has led to an increase in compensation throughout a tight labor market, and, accordingly, may increase costs for companies. in addition to attracting talent, we must also retain the talent needed to deliver our business objectives. while compensation considerations remain important, current and potential employees are increasingly placing a premium on various intangibles, such as working for companies with a clear purpose and strong brand reputation, flexible work arrangements, and other considerations, such as embracing sustainability and diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. if we are not perceived as an employer of choice, we may be unable to recruit the best talent. further, if we lose existing employees with needed skills or we are unable to develop existing employees, particularly with the introduction of new technologies and our focus on operational efficiency and quality, it could have a substantial adverse effect on our business.
macroeconomic, market, and strategic risks ford's new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and its reputation may be harmed if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced. although we conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace, and we may not be able to accurately predict or identify emerging trends or preferences or the success of new products or services in the market. it takes years to design and develop a new vehicle or change an existing vehicle. because customers' preferences may change quickly, our new and existing products may not generate sales in sufficient quantities and at costs low enough to be profitable and recoup investment costs. offering vehicles and services that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. for example, if we are unable to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors, develop innovative new products and services, or sufficiently tailor our products and services to customers in other markets, there could be insufficient demand for our products and services, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to quality, safety, fuel efficiency, sustainability, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even where such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded. further, our ability to successfully grow through capacity expansion and investments in the areas of electrification, connectivity, digital and physical services, and software services depends on many factors, including advancements in technology, regulatory changes, infrastructure development (e.g., a widespread vehicle charging network), and other factors that are difficult to predict, that may significantly affect the future of electric vehicles, autonomous technologies, digital and physical services, and software services. the automotive, software, and digital service businesses are very competitive and are undergoing rapid changes. traditional competitors are expanding their offerings, and new types of competitors (particularly in our areas of strength, e.g., pick-up trucks, utilities, and commercial vehicles) that may possess superior technology, may have business models with certain aspects that are more efficient, and are not subject to the same level of fixed costs as us, are entering the market. for example, chinese electric vehicle producers are exporting their products to some key markets in which we operate. this level of competition necessitates that we invest in and integrate emerging technologies into our business and increases the importance of our ability to anticipate, develop, and deliver products and services that customers desire on a timely basis, in quantities in line with demand, with the quality they expect, and at costs low enough to be profitable. moreover, if we do not meet customer expectations for quickly and effectively addressing and remedying issues that may develop with or that improve our products and services, e.g., successfully delivering ota updates, it would have an adverse effect on our business.
we have announced our intent to continue making multi-billion dollar investments in electrification and software services. our plans include offering electrified versions of many of our vehicles, including the f-150 lightning and e-transit. if the market for electrified vehicles does not develop at the rate we expect, even if the regulatory framework encourages a rapid adoption of electrified vehicles, there is a negative perception of our vehicles or about electric vehicles in general, we are unable to or are delayed in developing or embracing new technologies or processes, or if consumers prefer our competitors' vehicles, there could be an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. further, as discussed below under "ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations," lower than planned market acceptance of our vehicles may impact our strategy to comply with fuel economy standards.
ford is addressing its impact on climate change aligned with the united nations framework convention on climate change (paris agreement) by working to reduce our carbon footprint over time across our vehicles, operations, and supply chain. we have announced interim emissions targets approved by the science based targets initiative (sbti) and made other statements about similar initiatives, e.g., our expected electric vehicle volumes in future years. achievement of these initiatives will require significant investments and the implementation of new processes; however, there is no assurance that the desired outcomes will be achieved. to the extent we are unable to achieve these initiatives or our transition to electrification is slower than expected, it may harm our reputation or we may not otherwise receive the expected return on the investment. for example, we are exposed to reputational risk if we do not reduce vehicle co2 emissions in line with our targets or in compliance with applicable regulations. further, our customers, investors, and other stakeholders evaluate how well we are progressing on our announced climate goals and aspirations, and if we are not on track to achieve those goals and aspirations on a timely basis, or if the expectations of our customers and investors change and we do not adequately address their expectations, our reputation could be impacted, and customers may choose to purchase the products and services of, investors may choose to invest in, and suppliers and vendors may choose to do business with other companies. other parties may object to the positions we have taken and may, in the future, take on environmental, social, or other issues, or in the event we change our position on such issues, which may result in a loss of customers, a boycott of our products or services, or other actions that may impact not only our brand and reputation but also our results of operations, financial condition, and the price of our common stock.
moreover, new offerings, including those related to electric vehicles and autonomous driving technologies, may present technological challenges that could be costly to implement and overcome and may subject us to customer claims if they do not operate as anticipated. in addition, since new technologies are subject to market acceptance, a malfunction involving any manufacturer's autonomous vehicle may negatively impact the perception of autonomous vehicles and autonomous vehicle technologies and erode customer trust.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
ford's results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the united states. a shift in consumer preferences away from larger, more profitable vehicles with internal combustion engines (including trucks and utilities) to electric or other vehicles in our portfolio that may be less profitable could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. if demand for electric vehicles grows at a rate greater than our ability to increase our production capacity for those vehicles, lower market share and revenue, as well as facility and other asset-related charges (e.g., accelerated depreciation) associated with the production of internal combustion vehicles, may result. in addition, government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency (e.g., zev mandates and low emission zones) and other factors that accelerate the transition to electric vehicles may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to consumers and dampen margins.
with a global footprint and supply chain, ford's results and operations could be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events. because of the interconnectedness of the global economy, the challenges of a pandemic, a financial crisis, economic downturn or recession, natural disaster, war, geopolitical crises, or other significant events in one area of the world can have an immediate and material adverse impact on markets around the world.  changes in international trade policy can also have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or our business in general. steps taken by governments to apply or consider applying tariffs on automobiles, parts, and other products and materials have the potential to disrupt existing supply chains, impose additional costs on our business, and could lead to other countries attempting to retaliate by imposing tariffs, which would make our products more expensive for customers, and, in turn, could make our products less competitive. in particular, china presents unique risks to u.s. automakers due to the strain in u.s.-china relations, china's unique regulatory landscape, the level of integration with key components in our global supply chain, and the rapid development of the chinese electric vehicle industry, with chinese electric vehicle manufacturers exporting their products to some key markets in which we operate.
with operations in various markets with volatile economic or political environments and our global supply chain and utilization of transportation routes and logistics providers around the world, we are exposed to heightened risks as a result of economic, geopolitical, or other events. this could include governmental takeover (i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities or intellectual property, restrictive exchange or import controls, disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities (such as the ongoing conflicts between russia and ukraine and between israel and hamas, heightened tensions in the red sea, and potential tensions in the south china sea), and acts of terrorism, each of which could impact our supply chain as well as our operations and have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  further, the u.s. government, other governments, and international organizations could impose additional sanctions or export controls that could restrict us from doing business directly or indirectly in or with certain countries or parties, which could include affiliates.
industry sales volume can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, public health emergency, or significant geopolitical event.  because we, like other manufacturers, have a higher proportion of fixed structural costs, relatively small changes in industry sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and results of operations.  vehicle sales are affected by overall economic and market conditions, consumer behavior, and developing trends such as shared vehicle ownership and ridesharing services. if industry vehicle sales were to decline to levels significantly below our planning assumption, the decline could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. for a discussion of economic trends, see item 7.
ford may face increased price competition or a reduction in demand for its products resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, or other factors, particularly for electric vehicles. the global automotive industry is intensely competitive, with installed manufacturing capacity generally exceeding current demand. historically, industry overcapacity has resulted in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates, and other incentives. as a result, we are not necessarily able to set our prices to offset higher marketing incentives, commodity or other cost increases, tariffs, or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations. this risk includes cost advantages foreign competitors may have because of their weaker home market currencies, which may, in turn, enable those competitors to offer their products at lower prices. further, higher inventory levels put downward pressure on pricing, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
although we continue to invest in our electric vehicle strategy, we have observed lower-than-anticipated industrywide electric vehicle adoption rates and near-term pricing pressures, which has led us and may in the future lead us to adjust our spending, production, and/or product launches to better match the pace of electric vehicle adoption. as a result of the lower-than-anticipated adoption rates, near-term pricing pressures, and other factors, we have accrued and may continue to incur charges, which could be substantial, related to payments to our electric vehicle-related suppliers (battery, raw material, or otherwise), inventory adjustments, or other matters. battery costs remain high, which is detrimental to electric vehicles reaching pricing parity with ice vehicles and further exacerbates the pricing pressures on electric vehicles. furthermore, as we invest in battery production, including the construction of battery plants, if we are unable to operate those plants at their expected capacity because electric vehicle adoption rates remain lower-than-anticipated or otherwise, we may be unable to recoup the investments we have made.
as electric vehicle adoption rates increase, the risk of excess capacity, particularly for internal combustion engine trucks and utilities, may be exacerbated. this excess capacity may further increase price competition in that segment of the market, which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
inflationary pressure and fluctuations in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of ford or ford credit's investments, including marketable securities, can have a significant effect on results. we and our suppliers are exposed to inflationary pressure and a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. we monitor and attempt to manage these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce potentially adverse effects on our business. changes in commodity and energy prices (from tariffs and the actions taken by russia in ukraine, as discussed above under "with a global footprint and supply chain, ford's results and operations could be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events," or otherwise), currency exchange rates, and interest rates cannot always be predicted, hedged, or offset with price increases to eliminate earnings volatility. as a result, significant changes in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, or interest rates as well as increased material, freight, logistics, and similar costs could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. see item 7 and item 7a for additional discussion of currency, commodity and energy price, and interest rate risks. these market forces have caused us to incur higher material costs, which may continue, and our warranty costs have increased, in part, due to inflationary cost pressures at our dealers. moreover, due to inflationary pressure, some of our suppliers have submitted claims to us for reimbursement of costs beyond our original agreed terms. upon receipt, we evaluate those claims, and, in certain circumstances, we have made payments to our suppliers, and this trend may continue. further, interest rates have increased significantly as central banks in developed countries attempt to subdue inflation while government deficits and debt remain at high levels in many global markets. accordingly, the eventual implications of higher government deficits and debt, tighter monetary policy, and potentially higher long-term interest rates may drive a higher cost of capital for the business. at ford credit, rising interest rates may impact ford credit's ability to source funding and offer financing at competitive rates, which could reduce its financing margin. in addition, our results are impacted by fluctuations in the market value of our investments, with unrealized gains and losses that could be material in any period.
financial risks ford and ford credit's access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors. ford and ford credit's ability to obtain unsecured funding at a reasonable cost is dependent on their credit ratings or their perceived creditworthiness. further, ford credit's ability to obtain securitized funding under its committed asset-backed liquidity programs and certain other asset-backed securitization transactions is subject to having a sufficient amount of assets eligible for these programs, as well as ford credit's ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings for those transactions and, for certain committed programs, derivatives to manage the interest rate risk. over time, and particularly in the event of credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other factors, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates because of funding constraints. in addition, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates if there is a significant decline in the demand for the types of securities it offers or ford credit is unable to obtain derivatives to manage the interest rate risk associated with its securitization transactions. a significant reduction in the amount of receivables ford credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing results of operations and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of ford vehicles.
to the extent interest rates remain relatively high, they may have an adverse effect on borrowing costs for ford credit, making it more expensive to fund our operations or leading to higher rates charged to our customers if these costs are passed on.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
the impact of government incentives on ford's business could be significant, and ford's receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback. we receive economic benefits from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world in the form of incentives designed to encourage manufacturers to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, or production. these incentives may take various forms, including grants, loan subsidies, or tax abatements or credits. the impact of these incentives can be significant in a particular market during a reporting period. a decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other cessation or clawback of government incentives for any of our operations, as a result of administrative decision or otherwise, could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
for example, until 2021, most of our manufacturing facilities in south america were located in brazil, where the state or federal governments historically offered significant incentives to manufacturers to encourage capital investment, increase manufacturing production, and create jobs. as a result, the performance of our south american operations had been impacted favorably by government incentives to a substantial extent. the federal government in brazil has levied assessments against us concerning the federal incentives we previously received, and the state of sao paulo has challenged the grant to us of tax incentives by the state of bahia. see note 2 of the notes to the financial statements for discussion of our accounting for government incentives, and "item 3. legal proceedings" for a discussion of tax proceedings in brazil and the potential requirement for us to post collateral.
the u.s. inflation reduction act ("ira") provides, among other things, financial incentives in the form of tax credits to grow the domestic supply chain and domestic manufacturing base for electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid vehicles (phevs), and other "clean" vehicles. the law likewise incentivizes the purchase of clean vehicles and the infrastructure to fuel them. these incentives change over time and will remain in effect until approximately 2032, unless modified by congress. the ira's incentives are having and are expected to have material impacts on the automotive industry and ford. the ira authorizes tax credits to manufacturers for the domestic production of batteries and battery components for evs and phevs, and this credit is expected to improve the financial performance of domestic battery manufacturers, including the new operations at our upcoming facility in michigan and blueoval sk's facilities in kentucky and tennessee. further, the degree of success of some of our investment strategies depends upon ira tax credit eligibility and for those credits to continue to remain available through the currently contemplated expiration.
the ira also authorizes tax credits for purchasers of qualified commercial and retail clean vehicles. ford expects that most commercial customers that purchase an ev or phev will be eligible for the commercial clean vehicle credit, although it is unclear at this time how many commercial vehicle purchasers will have the underlying federal tax liability that is necessary to actually monetize this credit. when paired with the ira's tax credit for the construction of certain electric vehicle charging infrastructure, ford expects the commercial clean vehicle credit will influence commercial fleets, governmental fleets, and other vehicle purchasers in their evaluation of a transition from internal combustion engine vehicles to evs and phevs.
to claim the retail tax credit, the ira establishes numerous and complex prerequisites, including that the vehicle must be assembled in north america; the vehicle must be under specified limitations on manufacturer suggested retail price ("msrp"); purchaser income limitations; starting in 2024, any vehicle that contains "battery components" that were "manufactured or assembled" by a "foreign entity of concern" will be ineligible; and, starting in 2025, any vehicle that contains battery materials that were "extracted, processed, or recycled" by a "foreign entity of concern" will be ineligible. a "critical minerals credit" is available for those vehicles that have a specified percentage of critical minerals that are "extracted or produced" in the united states, in a country with which the united states has a free trade agreement, or that is "recycled" in north america. a "battery components credit" is available for those vehicles that have a specified percentage of "value" of its battery "components" that are "manufactured or assembled" in north america.
although we ultimately expect the ira to benefit ford and the automotive industry in general, the availability of such benefits will depend on the further development and improvement of the u.s. battery supply, sufficient access to raw materials within the scope of the ira, and the terms of the regulations and guidance (and the limitations therein) the u.s. government issues to implement the ira, which will ultimately determine which vehicles qualify for incentives and the amount thereof. automakers that better optimize eligibility for their vehicles, as compared to their competition, will have a competitive advantage.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
ford credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles.  credit risk is the possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments according to contract terms. credit risk (which is heavily dependent upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden, personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a significant impact on ford credit's business. the level of credit losses ford credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. in addition, ford credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support payments from ford) and return volumes for the vehicles it leases. actual proceeds realized by ford credit upon the sale of returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount projected, which would reduce ford credit's return on the lease transaction. among the factors that can affect the value of returned lease vehicles are the volume and mix of vehicles returned industry-wide, economic conditions, marketing programs, and quality or perceived quality, safety, fuel efficiency, or reliability of the vehicles, or changes in propulsion technology and related legislative changes. actual return volumes may be influenced by these factors, as well as by contractual lease-end values relative to auction values. if auction values decrease significantly in the future, return volumes could exceed ford credit's expectations. each of these factors, alone or in combination, has the potential to adversely affect ford credit's results of operations if actual results were to differ significantly from ford credit's projections. see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 for additional discussion.
economic and demographic experience for pension and opeb plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than ford has assumed. the measurement of our obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits pursuant to our pension and opeb plans requires that we estimate the present value of projected future payments to all participants. we use many assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions related to discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and demographic experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates). we generally remeasure these estimates at each year end and recognize any gains or losses associated with changes to our plan assets and liabilities in the year incurred. to the extent actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, we may recognize a remeasurement loss in our results, which could be substantial. for additional information regarding our assumptions, see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 and note 17 of the notes to the financial statements.
pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect ford's liquidity and financial condition. we have defined benefit retirement plans in the united states that cover many of our hourly and salaried employees. we also provide pension benefits to non-u.s. employees and retirees, primarily in europe. in addition, we sponsor plans to provide opeb for retired employees (primarily health care and life insurance benefits). see note 17 of the notes to the financial statements for more information about these plans. these benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us and could require us to make additional cash contributions, which could impair our liquidity. if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to meet any pension or opeb obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, suspend dividend payments, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
legal and regulatory risks ford and ford credit could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise. we spend substantial resources to comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions regulations, consumer and automotive financial regulations, and other standards, but we cannot ensure that employees or other individuals affiliated with us will not violate such laws or regulations. in addition, as discussed below under "ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations" and "ford credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations," regulatory standards and interpretations may change on short notice and impact our compliance status. government investigations against ford or ford credit could result in fines, penalties, orders, or other resolutions that could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or the operation of our business. moreover, compliance with governmental standards does not necessarily prevent individual or class action lawsuits, which can entail significant cost and risk. in certain circumstances, courts may permit civil actions even where our vehicles, services, and financial products comply with federal and/or other applicable law. furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened litigation or government investigations of our compliance with regulatory standards, whether related to our products, services, or business or commercial relationships, requires significant expenditures of time and other resources. litigation also is inherently uncertain, and we have in the past experienced and could in the future experience significant adverse results, including compensatory and punitive damage awards, a disgorgement of profits or revenue, or injunctive relief, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or our business in general, particularly with larger jury verdicts becoming more prevalent. in addition, adverse publicity surrounding an allegation, litigation, or investigation, even if there is no merit to the matter, may cause significant reputational harm or create a negative public perception of our products and services, which could have a significant adverse effect on our sales.
ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations. the automotive industry is subject to regulations worldwide that govern product characteristics and that differ by global region, country, and sometimes within national boundaries. regulators have enacted and are proposing standards to address concerns regarding the environment (including concerns about global climate change and air quality), vehicle safety, and energy independence, and the regulatory landscape can change on short notice. these regulations vary, but generally require that over time motor vehicles and engines emit less air pollution, including ghg emissions, oxides of nitrogen, hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide, and particulate matter, and there are associated increased reporting requirements. similarly, we are making substantial investments in our facilities and revising our processes to not only comply with applicable regulations but also to make our operations more efficient and sustainable. as our suppliers make similar investments, any higher costs may be passed on to us. in the united states, legal and policy debates on environmental regulations are continuing, with a primary trend toward reducing ghg emissions and increasing vehicle electrification. recently, different federal administrations have either sought to make standards more strict or to make them less strict, with one administration often replacing the regulations enacted by the last. various third parties routinely seek judicial review of these federal regulatory and deregulatory efforts. in parallel, california continues to enact increasingly strict emissions standards and requirements for zevs (standards that some other states are adopting), and those actions are also the subject of legal challenges. court rulings regarding regulatory actions by federal, california, and other state regulators create uncertainty and the potential for applicable regulatory standards to change quickly. in addition, many governments regulate local product content or impose import requirements with the aim of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments.
we regularly refine our product cycle plan to improve the fuel economy of our internal combustion vehicles and to offer more propulsion choices, such as hybrid and electrified vehicles, that generate lower ghg emissions. electrification is our core strategy to comply with current and anticipated environmental laws and regulations in major markets. however, there are limits to our ability to reduce emissions and increase fuel economy over given time frames and many factors that could delay or impede our plans. those factors primarily relate to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies; consumer acceptance of new technologies and their costs; changes in vehicle mix (as described in more detail above under "ford's new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and its reputation may be harmed if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced"); the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles; the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, including charging for electric vehicles; the availability (or lack thereof) of the raw materials and component supply to make affordable batteries and other elements of electric vehicles; and the human, engineering, and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. if fuel prices are relatively low and market conditions or the consumer attributes item 1a. risk factors (continued)
of our vehicles do not lead consumers to purchase electric vehicles and other highly fuel-efficient vehicles in sufficient numbers, it may be difficult to meet applicable environmental standards. moreover, the rates of ev growth, production disruptions, stop ships, supply chain limitations, lower-than-planned market acceptance of our vehicles, and/or other circumstances may cause us to modify product plans, or, in some cases, purchase credits, which we have done, in order to comply with emissions standards, fuel economy standards, or zev requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and cause reputational harm.
increased scrutiny of automaker emission compliance by regulators around the world has led to new regulations, more stringent enforcement programs, additional field actions, demands for reporting on the field performance of emissions components and higher scrutiny of field data, and delays in regulatory approvals. the cost to comply with government regulations concerning new vehicle standards and in-use vehicle requirements, including field service actions, is substantial. additional regulations, changes in regulatory interpretations, or changes in consumer preferences that affect vehicle mix, as well as any non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, a number of governments, as well as non-governmental organizations, publicly assess vehicles to their own protocols. any negative perception regarding the performance of our vehicles subjected to such tests could reduce future sales. court decisions arising out of consumer and investor litigation could give rise to de facto changes in the interpretation of existing emission laws and regulations, thereby imposing new burdens on manufacturers. for more discussion of the impact of standards on our global business, see the "governmental standards" discussion in "item 1. business" above.
we and other companies continue to develop autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies, and the u.s. and foreign governments are continuing to develop the regulatory framework that will govern autonomous vehicles and related technologies. manufacturers are facing increased scrutiny from regulators at the state and federal level on system misuse by customers, feature capabilities, and whether advertising for this technology contains false or misleading information. some states are developing their own regulations that impact the testing and design of autonomous vehicles. this patchwork approach without federal guidance may subject ford to additional compliance costs. in addition, the demand for these services by consumers is fluctuating as the technology is rolled out in various stages and with mixed industry results.
ford and ford credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, data protection, and artificial intelligence laws and regulations as well as consumers' heightened expectations to safeguard their personal information. we are subject to laws, rules, guidelines from privacy and other regulators, and regulations in the united states and other countries (such as the european union's and the u.k.'s general data protection regulations and the california consumer privacy act) relating to the collection, use, cross-border data transfer, and security of personal information of consumers, employees, or others, including laws that may require us to notify regulators and affected individuals of a data security incident. existing and newly developed laws and regulations may contain broad definitions of personal information, are subject to change and uncertain interpretations by courts and regulators, and may be inconsistent from state to state or country to country. accordingly, complying with such laws and regulations may lead to a decline in consumer engagement or cause us to incur substantial costs to modify our operations or business practices. moreover, regulatory actions seeking to impose significant financial penalties for noncompliance and/or legal actions (including pursuant to laws providing for private rights of action by consumers) could be brought against us in the event of a data compromise, misuse of consumer information, or perceived or actual non-compliance with data protection, privacy, or artificial intelligence requirements. the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify these risks. further, any unauthorized release of personal information could harm our reputation, disrupt our business, cause us to expend significant resources, and lead to a loss of consumer confidence resulting in an adverse impact on our business and/or consumers deciding to withhold or withdraw consent for our collection or use of data.
ford credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations. as a finance company, ford credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations in which it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business.  in the united states, for example, ford credit's operations are subject to regulation and supervision under various federal, state, and local laws, including the federal truth-in-lending act, consumer leasing act, equal credit opportunity act, and fair credit reporting act.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
the dodd-frank act directs federal agencies to adopt rules to regulate the finance industry and the capital markets and gives the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") broad rule-making and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer financial protection laws that regulate consumer finance businesses, such as ford credit's automotive financing business. exercise of these powers by the cfpb may increase the costs of, impose additional restrictions on, or otherwise adversely affect companies in the automotive finance business. the cfpb has authority to supervise and examine the largest nonbank automotive finance companies, such as ford credit, for compliance with consumer financial protection laws.
failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject ford credit to regulatory enforcement actions, including consent orders or similar orders where ford credit may be required to revise practices, remunerate customers, or pay fines. an enforcement action against ford credit could harm ford credit's reputation or lead to further litigation.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
key trends and economic factors affecting ford and the automotive industry production and supply chain. although we saw improvements in our supply chain throughout 2023, including easing of the semiconductor shortage, we continue to face some production issues due to, among other things, labor shortages at our suppliers. moreover, we have received and continue to receive claims from our supply base related to inflationary pressure and production disruption. upon receipt, we evaluate those claims, and, in certain circumstances, in order to ensure continuity of supply and mitigate the impact on our production, have made payments to our suppliers, sometimes under duress. we continue to reevaluate our supply base and sourcing decisions and may in the future incur charges to improve flexibility and cost competitiveness.
currency exchange rate volatility.  globally, central banks have begun shifting from tightening policy by raising interest rates to holding rates steady or, in some markets, beginning to cut rates. as they do, they need to carefully balance the risk that inflation remains elevated against the heightened financial and economic risks associated with high interest rates. this is notable for many emerging markets, which may also face increased exposure to commodity prices and political instability, contributing to unpredictable movements in the value of their exchange rates. in addition to direct impacts on the financial flows of global automotive companies, currency movements can also impact pricing of vehicles exported to overseas markets. in most markets, exchange rates are market-determined, and all are impacted by many different macroeconomic and policy factors, and thus likely to remain volatile. however, in some markets, exchange rates are heavily influenced or controlled by governments.
pricing pressure. despite vehicle pricing remaining elevated over the last year due to strong demand, supply shortages, and inflationary costs, we have already observed moderation in the rate of new and used vehicle price increases as auto production recovers from the semiconductor shortage, but it is unclear whether prices will decline fully to pre-covid-19 pandemic levels. over the long term, intense competition and excess capacity are likely to put downward pressure on inflation-adjusted prices for similarly-contented vehicles and contribute to a challenging pricing environment for the automotive industry in most major markets.
electric vehicle market. although we continue to invest in our electric vehicle strategy, we have observed lower-than-anticipated industrywide electric vehicle adoption rates and near-term pricing pressures, which has led us and may in the future lead us to adjust our spending, production, and/or product launches to better match the pace of electric vehicle adoption. as a result of the lower-than-anticipated adoption rates, near-term pricing pressures, and other factors, we recorded about $0.7 billion of charges in 2023 and may continue to incur charges, which could be substantial, related to payments to our electric vehicle-related suppliers (battery, raw material, or otherwise), inventory adjustments, or other matters. see item 1a. risk factors for additional discussion of the risks related to lower-than-anticipated electric vehicle volumes and our planned transition to a greater mix of electric vehicles.
commodity and energy prices. prices for commodities remain volatile. in some cases, spot prices for various commodities have recently diverged somewhat, as anticipated weakening in global industrial activity mitigates price increases for base metals such as steel and aluminum, while precious metals (e.g., palladium), and raw materials that are used in batteries for electric vehicles (e.g., lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite, and manganese, among other materials, for batteries) remain elevated. the net impact on us and our suppliers has been higher material costs overall. to help ensure supply of raw materials for critical components (e.g., batteries), we, like others in the industry, have entered into multi-year sourcing agreements and may enter into additional agreements. similar dynamics are impacting energy markets, with europe particularly exposed to the risk of both higher prices and constraints on supply of natural gas due to the ongoing conflict in ukraine. such shortages may impact facilities operated by us or our suppliers, which could have an impact on us in europe and other regions. in the long term, the outcome of de-carbonization and electrification of the vehicle fleet may depress oil demand, but the global energy transition will also contribute to ongoing volatility of oil and other energy prices.
vehicle profitability. our financial results depend on the profitability of the vehicles we sell, which may vary significantly by vehicle line. in general, larger vehicles tend to command higher prices and be more profitable than smaller vehicles. for example, in ford blue, our larger, more profitable vehicles had an average contribution margin that was 139% of our total average contribution margin across all vehicles, whereas our smaller vehicles had significantly lower contribution margins. in addition, government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency (e.g., zev mandates and low emission zones), and other factors that accelerate the transition to electrified vehicles, may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to consumers and dampen margins.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
trade policy. to the extent governments in various regions implement or intensify barriers to imports, such as erecting tariff or non-tariff barriers or manipulating their currency, and provide advantages to local exporters selling into the global marketplace, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in other markets. while we believe the long-term trend will support the growth of free trade, we will continue to monitor and address the developing role that geopolitical, climate, and labor concerns are playing in trade relations.
inflation and interest rates. we continue to see near-term impacts on our business due to inflation, including ongoing global price pressures in the wake of geopolitical volatility, driving up energy prices, freight premiums, and other operating costs above normal rates. although headline inflation in the united states and europe appears to have peaked, as gasoline and natural gas prices recede from the latest spike, core inflation (excluding food and energy prices) remains elevated and is a source of continued cost pressure on businesses and households. interest rates have increased significantly as central banks in developed countries attempt to subdue inflation while government deficits and debt remain at high levels in many global markets. accordingly, the eventual implications of higher government deficits and debt, tighter monetary policy, and potentially higher long-term interest rates may drive a higher cost of capital for the business. at ford credit, rising interest rates may impact its ability to source funding and offer financing at competitive rates, which could reduce its financing margin.
revenue company excluding ford credit revenue is generated primarily by sales of vehicles, parts, accessories, and services from our ford blue, ford model e, and ford pro segments. revenue is recorded when control is transferred to our customers (generally, our dealers and distributors). for the majority of sales, this occurs when products are shipped from our manufacturing facilities. however, we defer a portion of the consideration received when there is a separate future or stand-ready performance obligation, such as extended service contracts or ongoing vehicle connectivity. revenue related to extended service contracts is recognized over the term of the agreement in proportion to the costs we expect to incur in satisfying the contract obligations; revenue related to other future or stand-ready performance obligations is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the period in which services are expected to be performed. vehicles sold to daily rental car companies with an obligation to repurchase at an agreed upon amount, exercisable at the option of the customer, are accounted for as operating leases, with lease revenue recognized over the term of the lease. proceeds from the sale of vehicles at auction are recognized in revenue upon transfer of control of the vehicle to the buyer.
most of the vehicles sold by us to our dealers and distributors are financed at wholesale by ford credit. upon ford credit originating the wholesale receivable related to a dealer's purchase of a vehicle, ford credit pays cash to the relevant ford entity in payment of the dealer's obligation for the purchase price of the vehicle. the dealer then pays the wholesale finance receivable to ford credit when it sells the vehicle to a retail customer.
our ford credit segment revenue is generated primarily from interest on finance receivables and revenue from operating leases. revenue from interest on finance receivables is recognized over the term of the receivable using the interest method and includes the amortization of certain deferred origination costs. revenue from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
transactions between ford credit and our other segments occur in the ordinary course of business. for example, we offer special retail financing and lease incentives to dealers' customers who choose to finance or lease our vehicles from ford credit. the cost for these incentives is included in our estimate of variable consideration at the date the related vehicle sales to our dealers are recorded. in order to compensate ford credit for the lower interest or lease payments offered to the retail customer, we pay the discounted value of the incentive directly to ford credit when it originates the retail finance or lease contract with the dealer's customer. ford credit recognizes the incentive amount over the life of retail finance contracts as an element of financing revenue and over the life of lease contracts as a reduction to depreciation. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for a more detailed discussion of transactions between ford credit and our other segments.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
costs and expenses our income statement classifies our company excluding ford credit total costs and expenses into two categories: (i) cost of sales, and (ii) selling, administrative, and other expenses. we include within cost of sales those costs related to the development, production, and distribution of our vehicles, parts, accessories, and services. specifically, we include in cost of sales each of the following: material costs (including commodity costs); freight costs; warranty, including product recall costs; labor and other costs related to the development and production of our vehicles and connectivity, parts, accessories, and services; depreciation and amortization; and other associated costs. we include within selling, administrative, and other expenses labor and other costs not directly related to the development and production of our vehicles, parts, accessories, and services, including such expenses as advertising and sales promotion costs.
certain of our costs, such as material costs, generally vary directly with changes in volume and mix of production. in our industry, production volume often varies significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. quarterly production volumes experience seasonal shifts throughout the year (including peak retail sales seasons and the impact on production of model changeover and new product launches). annual production volumes are heavily impacted by external economic factors, including the pace of economic growth and factors such as the availability of consumer credit and cost of fuel.
as a result, we analyze the profit impact of certain cost changes holding constant present-year volume and mix and currency exchange, in order to evaluate our cost trends absent the impact of varying production and currency exchange levels. we analyze these cost changes in the following categories:
contribution costs - these costs typically vary with production volume. these costs include material (including commodity), warranty, and freight and duty costs.
structural costs - these costs typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. these costs include manufacturing; vehicle and software engineering; spending-related; advertising and sales promotion; administrative, information technology, and selling; and pension and opeb costs.
while contribution costs generally vary directly in proportion to production volume, elements within our structural costs category are impacted to differing degrees by changes in production volume. we also have varying degrees of discretion when it comes to controlling the different elements within our structural costs. for example, depreciation and amortization expense largely is associated with prior capital spending decisions. on the other hand, while labor costs do not vary directly with production volume, manufacturing labor costs may be impacted by changes in volume, for example when we increase overtime, add a production shift, or add personnel to support volume increases. other structural costs, such as advertising or engineering costs, do not necessarily have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. our structural costs generally are within our discretion, although to varying degrees, and can be adjusted over time in response to external factors.
we consider certain structural costs to be a direct investment in future growth and revenue. for example, structural costs are necessary to grow our business and improve profitability, invest in new products and technologies, respond to increasing industry sales volume, and grow our market share.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for full year 2023 were $161.3 billion. company excluding ford credit's total material and commodity costs make up the largest portion of these costs and expenses, followed by structural costs. although material costs are our largest absolute cost, our margins can be affected significantly by changes in any category of costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations - 2023
the net income attributable to ford motor company was $4,347 million in 2023. company adjusted ebit was $10,416 million.
net income/(loss) includes certain items ("special items") that are excluded from company adjusted ebit. these items are discussed in more detail in note 26 of the notes to the financial statements. we report special items separately to allow investors analyzing our results to identify certain infrequent significant items that they may wish to exclude when considering the trend of ongoing operating results. our pre-tax and tax special items were as follows (in millions):
2022                                         2023
restructuring (by geography)
china                                                                  $(380)                    $(958)
europe                                                                  (151)                     (978)
ford credit - brazil                                                    (155)                         -
other (a)                                                               (436)                      (87)
subtotal restructuring                                               $(1,122)                  $(2,023)
other items gain/(loss) on rivian investment                                     $(7,377)                     $(31)
av strategy including argo impairment                                 (2,812)                         -
transit connect customs matter                                              -                     (396)
russia suspension of operations/asset write-off                         (158)                         -
patent matters related to prior calendar years                          (124)                         8
ev program dispute                                                          -                     (143)
other (including gains/(losses) on investments)                         (170)                     (165)
subtotal other items                                                $(10,641)                    $(727)
pension and opeb gain/(loss)
pension and opeb remeasurement                                            $29                  $(2,058)
pension settlements and curtailments                                    (438)                     (339)
subtotal pension and opeb gain/(loss)                                  $(409)                  $(2,397)
total ebit special items                                            $(12,172)                  $(5,147)
provision for/(benefit from) tax special items (b)                   $(2,573)                  $(1,273)
__________
(a)2022 includes $298 million related to restructuring charges in india and $198 million in north america. 2023 includes $28 million related to restructuring charges in india and $41 million in north america.
(b)includes related tax effect on special items and tax special items.
we recorded $5.1 billion of pre-tax special item charges in 2023, driven primarily by pension and opeb remeasurement, restructuring actions in europe and china, and the transit connect customs matter.
in note 26 of the notes to the financial statements, special items are reflected as a separate reconciling item, as opposed to being allocated among our segments. this reflects the fact that management excludes these items from its review of operating segment results for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
company key metrics the table below shows our full year 2023 key metrics for the company compared to a year ago.
2022                     2023                    h / (l)
gaap financial measures cash flows from operating activities ($b)                     $6.9                    $14.9                     $8.1
revenue ($m)                                               158,057                  176,191                       11     %
net income/(loss) ($m)                                     (1,981)                    4,347                    6,328
net income/(loss) margin (%)                                 (1.3)   %                  2.5   %                   3.7 ppts eps (diluted)                                              $(0.49)                    $1.08                    $1.57
non-gaap financial measures (a)
company adj. free cash flow ($b)                              $9.1                     $6.8                   $(2.3)
company adj. ebit ($m)                                      10,415                   10,416                        1
company adj. ebit margin (%)                                   6.6   %                  5.9   %                 (0.7) ppts adjusted eps (diluted)                                       $1.88                    $2.01                    $0.13
adjusted roic (trailing four quarters)                        11.2   %                 13.9   %                   2.7 ppts
__________
(a)see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
in 2023, our diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock was $1.08 and our diluted adjusted earnings per share was $2.01.
net income/(loss) margin was 2.5% in 2023, up from negative 1.3% a year ago. company adjusted ebit margin was 5.9% in 2023, down from 6.6% a year ago.
the table below shows our full year 2023 net income/(loss) attributable to ford and company adjusted ebit by segment (in millions).
2022                    2023                   h / (l)
ford blue                                            $6,847                  $7,462                    $615
ford model e                                        (2,133)                 (4,701)                 (2,568)
ford pro                                              3,222                   7,222                   4,000
ford next                                             (926)                   (138)                     788
ford credit                                           2,657                   1,331                 (1,326)
corporate other                                         748                   (760)                 (1,508)
company adjusted ebit (a)                            10,415                  10,416                       1
interest on debt                                    (1,259)                 (1,302)                    (43)
special items                                      (12,172)                 (5,147)                   7,025
taxes / noncontrolling interests                      1,035                     380                   (655)
net income/(loss)                                  $(1,981)                  $4,347                  $6,328
__________
(a)see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
the year-over-year increase of $6.3 billion in net income/(loss) in 2023 was primarily driven by the non-recurrences of the mark-to-market net loss on our rivian investment and the impairment on our argo investment (both of which were included in special items in 2022), partially offset by a pension and opeb remeasurement loss and higher charges for restructuring actions in europe and china. the flat year-over-year company adjusted ebit primarily reflects higher ford pro and ford blue ebit and a lower ebit loss in ford next. offsets included higher ebit losses in ford model e, lower past service pension and opeb income in corporate other, and lower ford credit ebt.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the tables below and on the following pages provide full year 2023 key metrics and the change in full year 2023 ebit compared with full year 2022 by causal factor for each of our ford blue, ford model e, and ford pro segments. for a description of these causal factors, see definitions and information regarding ford blue, ford model e, ford pro causal factors.
ford blue segment
2022                                                                 2023                   h / (l)
key metrics wholesale units (000) (a)            2,834                      2,920                       86
revenue ($m)                       $94,762                   $101,934                   $7,172
ebit ($m)                            6,847                      7,462                      615
ebit margin (%)                        7.2   %                    7.3   %                  0.1 ppts
__________
(a)includes ford and lincoln brand and jmc brand vehicles produced and sold in china by our unconsolidated affiliates (about 484,000 units in 2022 and 455,000 units in 2023)
change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
2022 full year ebit                                               $6,847
volume / mix                                                       2,544
net pricing                                           235
cost                                                             (1,558)
exchange                                                           (462)
other                                                              (144)
2023 full year ebit                                                7,462
in 2023, ford blue's wholesales increased 3% from a year ago, primarily reflecting an improvement in production-related supply constraints, offset partially by ceasing production of ecosport and fiesta small vehicles and production losses during the uaw strike. full year 2023 revenue increased 8%, driven by higher wholesales, favorable mix, and higher net pricing, offset partially by weaker currencies.
ford blue's 2023 full year ebit was $7.5 billion, an increase of $615 million from a year ago, with an ebit margin of 7.3%. the ebit improvement was driven primarily by favorable mix, lower commodity costs, higher wholesales and net pricing. partial offsets primarily include higher warranty costs (reflecting inflationary cost pressures and increased field service actions), higher material costs related to new products, higher structural costs and supplemental compensation (including the impact of the new uaw collective bargaining agreement), and weaker currencies.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford model e segment
2022                     2023                    h / (l)
key metrics wholesale units (000)                         96                      116       20
revenue ($m)                              $5,253                   $5,897                     $644
ebit ($m)                                (2,133)                  (4,701)                  (2,568)
ebit margin (%)                           (40.6)   %               (79.7)   %                (39.1) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
2022 full year ebit                                               $(2,133)
volume / mix                                                          (32)
net pricing                                                        (1,005)
cost                                                               (1,765)
exchange                                                                84
other                                                                  150
2023 full year ebit                                               $(4,701)
in 2023, ford model e's wholesales increased 20% from a year ago, primarily reflecting higher production of f-150 lightning. full year 2023 revenue increased 12%, driven by higher wholesales, offset partially by lower net pricing.
ford model e's 2023 full year ebit loss was $4.7 billion, a $2.6 billion higher loss than a year ago, with an ebit margin of negative 79.7%. the ebit deterioration was primarily driven by lower net pricing, higher material cost (including volume-related obligations for batteries of about $310 million, inflationary cost increases, and higher launch-related supplier costs), higher volume/capacity-related manufacturing and spending-related costs, higher warranty costs, and higher engineering costs for future programs, offset partially by lower commodity costs and stronger currencies.
ford pro segment
2022                     2023                   h / (l)
key metrics wholesale units (000) (a)                     1,301                    1,377                       76
revenue ($m)                                $48,939                  $58,058                   $9,119
ebit ($m)                                     3,222                    7,222                    4,000
ebit margin (%)                                 6.6   %                 12.4   %                  5.9 ppts
__________
(a)includes ford brand vehicles produced and sold by our unconsolidated affiliate ford otosan in turkiye (about 76,000 units in 2022 and 90,000 units in 2023).
change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
2022 full year ebit                                               $3,222
volume / mix                                                       (331)
net pricing                                                        7,067
cost                                                             (2,353)
exchange                                              27
other                                                              (410)
2023 full year ebit                                               $7,222
in 2023, ford pro's wholesales increased 6% from a year ago, primarily reflecting an improvement in production-related supply constraints, offset partially by production losses during the uaw strike. full year 2023 revenue increased 19%, driven by higher net pricing and wholesales, offset partially by unfavorable mix.
ford pro's 2023 full year ebit was $7.2 billion, an increase of $4.0 billion from a year ago, with an ebit margin of 12.4%. the ebit improvement was driven by higher net pricing, lower commodity costs, and higher wholesales. partial offsets primarily include higher material costs (related to inflationary cost pressures, new products, and about $80 million of volume-related obligations for batteries), higher warranty costs (reflecting inflationary cost pressures and increased field service actions), and higher structural costs (including volume-related) and supplemental compensation (including the impact of the new uaw collective bargaining agreement).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
definitions and information regarding ford blue, ford model e, and ford pro causal factors in general, we measure year-over-year change in ford blue, ford model e, and ford pro segment ebit using the causal factors listed below, with net pricing and cost variances calculated at present-year volume and mix and exchange:
market factors (exclude the impact of unconsolidated affiliate wholesale units):
volume and mix - primarily measures ebit variance from changes in wholesale unit volumes (at prior-year average contribution margin per unit) driven by changes in industry volume, market share, and dealer stocks, as well as the ebit variance resulting from changes in product mix, including mix among vehicle lines and mix of trim levels and options within a vehicle line
net pricing - primarily measures ebit variance driven by changes in wholesale unit prices to dealers and marketing incentive programs such as rebate programs, low-rate financing offers, special lease offers, and stock adjustments on dealer inventory
cost:
contribution costs - primarily measures ebit variance driven by per-unit changes in cost categories that typically vary with volume, such as material costs (including commodity and component costs), warranty expense, and freight and duty costs
structural costs - primarily measures ebit variance driven by absolute change in cost categories that typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. structural costs include the following cost categories:
manufacturing, including volume-related - consists primarily of costs for hourly and salaried manufacturing personnel, plant overhead (such as utilities and taxes), and new product launch expense. these costs could be affected by volume for operating pattern actions such as overtime, line-speed, and shift schedules
engineering and connectivity - consists primarily of costs for vehicle and software engineering personnel, prototype materials, testing, and outside engineering and software services
spending-related - consists primarily of depreciation and amortization of our manufacturing and engineering assets, but also includes asset retirements and operating leases
advertising and sales promotions - includes costs for advertising, marketing programs, brand promotions, customer mailings and promotional events, and auto shows
administrative, information technology, and selling - includes primarily costs for salaried personnel and purchased services related to our staff activities, information technology, and selling functions
pension and opeb - consists primarily of past service pension costs and other postretirement employee benefit costs
exchange - primarily measures ebit variance driven by one or more of the following: (i) transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant entities, (ii) effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars, (iii) effects of remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities of the relevant entities in currencies other than their functional currency, or (iv) results of our foreign currency hedging
other - includes a variety of items, such as parts and services earnings, royalties, government incentives, and compensation-related changes in addition, definitions and calculations used in this report include:
wholesales and revenue - wholesale unit volumes include all ford and lincoln badged units (whether produced by ford or by an unconsolidated affiliate) that are sold to dealerships or others, units manufactured by ford that are sold to other manufacturers, units distributed by ford for other manufacturers, and local brand units produced by our china joint venture, jiangling motors corporation, ltd. ("jmc"), that are sold to dealerships or others. vehicles sold to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option (i.e., rental repurchase), as well as other sales of finished vehicles for which the recognition of revenue is deferred (e.g., consignments), also are included in wholesale unit volumes. revenue from certain vehicles in wholesale unit volumes (specifically, ford badged vehicles produced and distributed by our unconsolidated affiliates, as well as jmc brand vehicles) are not included in our revenue
industry volume and market share - based, in part, on estimated vehicle registrations; includes medium and heavy duty trucks
saar - seasonally adjusted annual rate item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford next segment the ford next segment (formerly mobility) primarily includes expenses and investments for emerging business initiatives aimed at creating value for ford in vehicle-adjacent market segments.
in this segment, our 2023 ebit loss was $138 million, a $788 million improvement from a year ago. ford next has evolved from primarily investing in the development of autonomous vehicle capabilities to focus exclusively on incubating and launching new businesses creating strategic value for ford.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit segment the tables below provide full year 2023 key metrics and the change in full year 2023 ebt compared with full year 2022 by causal factor for the ford credit segment. for a description of these causal factors, see definitions and information regarding ford credit causal factors.
2022                     2023                     h / (l)
gaap financial measures total net receivables ($b)                              $122                     $133                        $11
loss-to-receivables (bps) (a)                             14                       35                         21
auction values (b)                                   $32,410                  $30,005                        (7)    %
ebt ($m)                                               2,657                    1,331                   $(1,326)
roe (%)                                                   16   %                   11   %                    (5) ppts other balance sheet metrics debt ($b)                                               $119                     $129                          9    %
net liquidity ($b)                                        21                       26                         22    %
financial statement leverage (to 1)                       10                      9.7                      (0.3)
__________
(a)u.s. retail financing only.
(b)u.s. 36-month off-lease auction values at full year 2023 mix.
change in ebt by causal factor (in millions)
2022 full year ebt                                             $2,657
volume / mix                                                      153
financing margin                                                (493)
credit loss                                                     (239)
lease residual                                                  (466)
exchange                                                           18
other                                                           (299)
2023 full year ebt                                             $1,331
total net receivables at december 31, 2023 were 9% higher than a year ago, primarily reflecting higher consumer and non-consumer financing and currency exchange rates, partially offset by fewer operating leases. ford credit's loss metrics continue to normalize from historic lows. ford credit's u.s. 36-month auction values for off-lease vehicles were down 7% from a year ago. we are planning for full year 2024 auction values to decrease as vehicle availability continues to improve.
ford credit's 2023 ebt of $1,331 million was $1,326 million lower than a year ago, reflecting lower financing margin, non-recurrence of supplemental depreciation and credit loss reserve releases, lower lease residual performance, unfavorable derivative market valuation, and higher credit losses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
definitions and information regarding ford credit causal factors in general, we measure year-over-year changes in ford credit's ebt using the causal factors listed below:
volume and mix:
volume primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by changes in average net receivables excluding the allowance for credit losses at prior period financing margin yield (defined below in financing margin) at prior period exchange rates. volume changes are primarily driven by the volume of new and used vehicles sold and leased, the extent to which ford credit purchases retail financing and operating lease contracts, the extent to which ford credit provides wholesale financing, the sales price of the vehicles financed, the level of dealer inventories, ford-sponsored special financing programs available exclusively through ford credit, and the availability of cost-effective funding
mix primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by period-over-period changes in the composition of ford credit's average net receivables excluding the allowance for credit losses by product within each region
financing margin:
financing margin variance is the period-over-period change in financing margin yield multiplied by the present period average net receivables excluding the allowance for credit losses at prior period exchange rates. this calculation is performed at the product and country level and then aggregated. financing margin yield equals revenue, less interest expense and scheduled depreciation for the period, divided by average net receivables excluding the allowance for credit losses for the same period
financing margin changes are driven by changes in revenue and interest expense. changes in revenue are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, cost assumptions in pricing, mix of business, and competitive environment. changes in interest expense are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, borrowing spreads, and asset-liability management
credit loss:
credit loss is the change in the provision for credit losses at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits the provision for credit losses into net charge-offs and the change in the allowance for credit losses
net charge-off changes are primarily driven by the number of repossessions, severity per repossession, and recoveries. changes in the allowance for credit losses are primarily driven by changes in historical trends in credit losses and recoveries, changes in the composition and size of ford credit's present portfolio, changes in trends in historical used vehicle values, and changes in forward looking macroeconomic conditions. for additional information, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" section of item 7
lease residual:
lease residual measures changes to residual performance at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits residual performance primarily into residual gains and losses, and the change in accumulated supplemental depreciation
residual gain and loss changes are primarily driven by the number of vehicles returned to ford credit and sold, and the difference between the auction value and the depreciated value (which includes both base and accumulated supplemental depreciation) of the vehicles sold. changes in accumulated supplemental depreciation are primarily driven by changes in ford credit's estimate of the expected auction value at the end of the lease term, and changes in ford credit's estimate of the number of vehicles that will be returned to it and sold. depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases includes early termination losses on operating leases due to customer default events. for additional information, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases" section of item 7
exchange:
reflects changes in ebt driven by the effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars
other:
primarily includes operating expenses, other revenue, insurance expenses, and other income/(loss) at prior period exchange rates
changes in operating expenses are primarily driven by salaried personnel costs, facilities costs, and costs associated with the origination and servicing of customer contracts
in general, other income/(loss) changes are primarily driven by changes in earnings related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives (primarily related to movements in interest rates) and other miscellaneous items item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in addition, the following definitions and calculations apply to ford credit when used in this report:
cash (as shown in the funding structure and liquidity tables) - cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash, excluding amounts related to insurance activities
debt (as shown in the key metrics and leverage tables) - debt on ford credit's balance sheets. includes debt issued in securitizations and payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions
earnings before taxes ("ebt") - reflects ford credit's income before income taxes
loss-to-receivables ("ltr") ratio - ltr ratio is calculated using net charge-offs divided by average finance receivables, excluding unearned interest supplements and the allowance for credit losses
return on equity ("roe") (as shown in the key metrics table) - reflects return on equity calculated by annualizing net income for the period and dividing by monthly average equity for the period
securitization and restricted cash (as shown in the liquidity table) - securitization cash is held for the benefit of the securitization investors (for example, a reserve fund). restricted cash primarily includes cash held to meet certain local governmental and regulatory reserve requirements and cash held under the terms of certain contractual agreements
securitizations (as shown in the public term funding plan table) - public securitization transactions, rule 144a offerings sponsored by ford credit, and widely distributed offerings by ford credit canada
term asset-backed securities (as shown in the funding structure table) - obligations issued in securitization transactions that are payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements
total net receivables (as shown in the key metrics table) - includes finance receivables (retail financing and wholesale) sold for legal purposes and net investment in operating leases included in securitization transactions that do not satisfy the requirements for accounting sale treatment. these receivables and operating leases are reported on ford credit's balance sheets and are available only for payment of the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions; they are not available to pay the other obligations of ford credit or the claims of ford credit's other creditors item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
corporate other corporate other primarily includes corporate governance expenses, past service pension and opeb income and expense, interest income (excluding ford credit interest income and interest earned on our extended service contract portfolio) and gains and losses from our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excluding gains and losses on investments in equity securities), and foreign exchange derivatives gains and losses associated with intercompany lending. corporate governance expenses are primarily administrative, delivering benefit on behalf of the global enterprise, that are not allocated to operating segments. these include expenses related to setting and directing global policy, providing oversight and stewardship, and promoting the company's interests. for full year 2023, corporate other had a $760 million ebit loss, compared with $748 million of positive ebit in 2022. the ebit deterioration was driven by lower past service pension and opeb income, partially offset by higher company excluding ford credit interest income, reflecting higher interest rates.
interest on debt interest on debt consists of interest expense on company debt excluding ford credit. our full year 2023 interest expense on company debt excluding ford credit was $1,302 million, $43 million higher than in 2022.
taxes our provision for/(benefit from) income taxes for full year 2023 was a $362 million benefit, resulting in an effective tax rate of negative 9.1%. this includes benefits arising from u.s. research tax credits and legal entity restructuring within our leasing operations and china.
our full year 2023 adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes special items, was 10.0%.
we regularly review our organizational structure and income tax elections for affiliates in non-u.s. and u.s. tax jurisdictions, which may result in changes in affiliates that are included in or excluded from our u.s. tax return. any future changes to our structure, as well as any changes in income tax laws in the countries that we operate, could cause increases or decreases to our deferred tax balances and related valuation allowances.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations - 2022
the net loss attributable to ford motor company was $1,981 million in 2022. company adjusted ebit was $10,415 million.
net income/(loss) includes certain items ("special items") that are excluded from company adjusted ebit. these items are discussed in more detail in note 26 of the notes to the financial statements. we report special items separately to allow investors analyzing our results to identify certain infrequent significant items that they may wish to exclude when considering the trend of ongoing operating results. our pre-tax and tax special items were as follows (in millions):
2021                      2022
global redesign europe                                                                 $(530)                    $(151)
india                                                                   (468)                     (298)
south america                                                           (803)                        53
china (including taiwan)                                                  150                     (380)
north america                                                            (72)                     (198)
other                                                                       3                         7
subtotal global redesign                                             $(1,720)                    $(967)
other items gain/(loss) on rivian investment                                       $9,096                  $(7,377)
debt extinguishment premium                                           (1,692)                     (135)
av strategy including argo impairment                                       -                   (2,812)
ford credit - brazil restructuring                                         14                     (155)
russia suspension of operations/asset write-off                             -                     (158)
patent matters related to prior calendar years                              -                     (124)
other                                                                      82                      (35)
subtotal other items                                                   $7,500                 $(10,796)
pension and opeb gain/(loss)
pension and opeb remeasurement                                         $3,873                       $29
pension settlements and curtailments                                     (70)                     (438)
subtotal pension and opeb gain/(loss)                                  $3,803                    $(409)
total ebit special items                                               $9,583                 $(12,172)
cash effect of global redesign (incl. separations)                   $(1,935)                    $(377)
provision for/(benefit from) tax special items (a)                   $(1,924)                  $(2,573)
__________
(a)includes related tax effect on special items and tax special items.
for full year 2022, we recorded $12.2 billion of pre-tax special item charges, driven by a $7.4 billion mark-to-market net loss on our rivian investment and a $2.7 billion impairment on our argo investment.
in note 26 of the notes to the financial statements, special items are reflected as a separate reconciling item, as opposed to being allocated among our segments. this reflects the fact that management excludes these items from its review of operating segment results for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
company key metrics the table below shows our full year 2022 key metrics for the company compared with full year 2021.
2021                     2022                      h / (l)
gaap financial measures cash flows from operating activities ($b)                    $15.8                     $6.9                     $(8.9)
revenue ($m)                                               136,341                  158,057                         16     %
net income/(loss) ($m)                                      17,937                  (1,981)                  $(19,918)
net income/(loss) margin (%)                                  13.2   %                (1.3)   %                  (14.4) ppts eps (diluted)                                                $4.45                  $(0.49)                    $(4.94)
non-gaap financial measures (a)
company adj. free cash flow ($b)                              $4.6                     $9.1                       $4.5
company adj. ebit ($m)                                      10,000                   10,415                        415
company adj. ebit margin (%)                                   7.3   %                  6.6   %                   (0.7) ppts adjusted eps (diluted)                                       $1.59                    $1.88                      $0.29
adjusted roic (trailing four quarters)                         9.8   %                 11.2   %                     1.4 ppts
__________
(a)see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
in 2022, our diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock was a loss of $0.49 and our diluted adjusted earnings per share was $1.88.
net income/(loss) margin was negative 1.3% in 2022, down from 13.2% in 2021. company adjusted ebit margin was 6.6% in 2022, down from 7.3% in 2021.
the table below shows our full year 2022 net income/(loss) attributable to ford and company adjusted ebit by segment (in millions).
2021                      2022                     h / (l)
ford blue                                          $3,293                    $6,847                    $3,554
ford model e                                        (892)                   (2,133)                   (1,241)
ford pro                                            2,665                     3,222                       557
ford next                                         (1,030)                     (926)                       104
ford credit                                         4,717                     2,657                   (2,060)
corporate other                                     1,247                       748                     (499)
company adjusted ebit (a)                          10,000                    10,415                       415
interest on debt                                  (1,803)                   (1,259)                       544
special items                                       9,583                  (12,172)                  (21,755)
taxes / noncontrolling interests                      157                     1,035                       878
net income/(loss)                                 $17,937                  $(1,981)                 $(19,918)
__________
(a)see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
the year-over-year decrease of $19.9 billion in net income/(loss) in 2022 includes the effect of special items, including the mark-to-market net loss on our rivian investment and the impairment on our argo investment. the year-over-year increase of $415 million in company adjusted ebit primarily reflects higher ford blue and ford pro ebit, offset partially by lower ford credit ebt, higher ebit losses in ford model e, and lower past service pension and opeb income in corporate other.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford blue segment the tables below and on the following pages provide full year 2022 key metrics and the change in full year 2022 ebit compared with full year 2021 by causal factor for each of our ford blue, ford model e, and ford pro segments. for a description of these causal factors, see definitions and information regarding ford blue, ford model e, and ford pro causal factors.
2021                     2022                   h / (l)
key metrics wholesale units (000) (a)                     2,694                    2,834                      140
revenue ($m)                                $80,377                  $94,762                  $14,385
ebit ($m)                                     3,293                    6,847                    3,554
ebit margin (%)                                 4.1   %                  7.2   %                  3.1 ppts
__________
(a)includes ford and lincoln brand and jmc brand vehicles produced and sold in china by our unconsolidated affiliates (about 633,000 units in 2021 and 484,000 units in 2022).
change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
2021 full year ebit                                      $3,293
volume / mix                                              3,323
net pricing                                               6,181
cost                                                    (5,329)
exchange                                                  (229)
other                                                     (392)
2022 full year ebit                                      $6,847
in 2022, ford blue's wholesales increased 5% from 2021, primarily reflecting an improvement in production-related supply constraints and a full year of bronco and maverick production, offset partially by our india restructuring, suspension of our joint venture in russia, and covid-related restrictions in china. full year 2022 revenue increased 18%, driven by higher net pricing and wholesales, offset partially by weaker currencies.
ford blue's full year 2022 ebit was $6.8 billion, an increase of $3.6 billion from 2021, with an ebit margin of 7.2%. the ebit improvement was driven by higher net pricing and higher wholesales, offset partially by inflationary increases on commodity, material, and freight costs, higher warranty costs, higher structural costs, and weaker currencies.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford model e segment
2021                     2022                    h / (l)
key metrics wholesale units (000)                         61                       96       35
revenue ($m)                              $3,098                   $5,253                   $2,155
ebit ($m)                                  (892)                  (2,133)                  (1,241)
ebit margin (%)                           (28.8)   %               (40.6)   %                (11.8) ppts change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
2021 full year ebit                                                 $(892)
volume / mix                                                             -
net pricing                                           418
cost                                                               (1,553)
exchange                                                              (94)
other                                                                 (12)
2022 full year ebit                                               $(2,133)
in 2022, ford model e's wholesales increased 58% from 2021, primarily reflecting the launch of the f-150 lightning and incremental mach-e production. full year 2022 revenue increased 70%, driven by higher wholesales and net pricing.
model e's full year 2022 ebit loss was $2.1 billion, a $1.2 billion higher loss than in 2021, with an ebit margin of negative 40.6%. the lower ebit was primarily driven by inflationary increases on commodity, material, and freight costs, higher structural costs (including higher engineering cost for future programs), and unfavorable mix. partial offsets included higher net pricing and wholesales.
ford pro segment
2021                     2022                   h / (l)
key metrics wholesale units (000) (a)                     1,187                    1,301                      114
revenue ($m)                                $42,649                  $48,939                   $6,290
ebit ($m)                                     2,665                    3,222                      557
ebit margin (%)                                 6.2   %                  6.6   %                  0.3 ppts
__________
(a)includes ford brand vehicles produced and sold by our unconsolidated affiliate ford otosan in turkiye (about 61,000 units in 2021 and 76,000 units in 2022).
change in ebit by causal factor (in millions)
2021 full year ebit                                      $2,665
volume / mix                                              1,016
net pricing                                               4,267
cost                                                    (4,547)
exchange                                                  (156)
other                                                      (23)
2022 full year ebit                                      $3,222
in 2022, ford pro's wholesales increased 10% from 2021, primarily reflecting an improvement in production-related supply constraints. full year 2022 revenue increased 15%, driven by higher net pricing and wholesales, offset partially by weaker currencies.
ford pro's full year 2022 ebit was $3.2 billion, an increase of $557 million from 2021, with an ebit margin of 6.6%. the ebit improvement was driven by higher net pricing and wholesales, offset partially by inflationary increases on commodity, material, and freight costs, higher structural costs, and unfavorable mix.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford next segment in our ford next segment (formerly mobility), our 2022 ebit loss improved $104 million from 2021. the $926 million ebit loss reflected our strategic investments in our autonomous vehicle capabilities and support of our mobility initiatives.
ford credit segment the tables below provide full year 2022 key metrics and the change in full year 2022 ebt compared with full year 2021 by causal factor for the ford credit segment.
2021                     2022                      h / (l)
gaap financial measures total net receivables ($b)                              $118                     $122                         $5
loss-to-receivables (bps) (a)                              6                       14                          8
auction values (b)                                   $30,785                  $32,410                          5     %
ebt ($m)                                               4,717                    2,657                   $(2,060)
roe (%)                                                   32   %                   16   %                    (16) ppts other balance sheet metrics debt ($b)                                               $118                     $119                          1     %
net liquidity ($b)                                        32                       21                       (34)     %
financial statement leverage (to 1)                      9.5                       10                        0.5
__________
(a)u.s. retail financing only.
(b)u.s. 36-month off-lease auction values at full year 2023 mix.
change in ebt by causal factor (in millions)
2021 full year ebt                                             $4,717
volume / mix                                                    (218)
financing margin                                                (600)
credit loss                                                     (348)
lease residual                                                  (907)
exchange                                                         (25)
other                                              38
2022 full year ebt                                             $2,657
total net receivables at december 31, 2022 were 3% higher than at december 31, 2021, primarily reflecting higher non-consumer financing, offset partially by fewer operating leases, lower consumer financing, and currency exchange rates. ford credit's loss metrics reflected healthy and stable consumer credit conditions and strong auction values. ford credit's u.s. 36-month auction values for off-lease vehicles were up 5% from 2021, reflecting strong demand for used vehicles, including the impact of lower new vehicle production due to the semiconductor shortage.
ford credit's 2022 ebt of $2,657 million was $2,060 million lower than 2021, reflecting lower credit loss and lease residual reserve releases, lower financing margin, and lower lease return rates.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
corporate other for full year 2022, corporate other ebit was $748 million, compared with ebit of $1,247 million in 2021. the deterioration was driven by lower past service pension and opeb income.
interest on debt our full year 2022 interest expense on company debt excluding ford credit was $1,259 million, $544 million lower than in 2021, primarily explained by u.s. debt restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2021 and during 2022.
taxes our provision for/(benefit from) income taxes for full year 2022 was a $864 million benefit, resulting in an effective tax rate of 28.6%. this includes benefits arising from the reversal of u.s. valuation allowances, primarily as a result of planning actions.
our full year 2022 adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes special items, was 18.7%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources at december 31, 2023, total balance sheet cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash, including ford credit and entities held for sale, was $40.4 billion.
we consider our key balance sheet metrics to be: (i) company cash, which includes cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash, including cash held for sale, excluding ford credit's cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash; and (ii) company liquidity, which includes company cash, less restricted cash, and total available committed credit lines, excluding ford credit's total available committed credit lines.
company excluding ford credit december 31, 2022                december 31, 2023
balance sheets ($b)
company cash                                      $32.3                            $28.8
liquidity                                          48.0                             46.4
debt                                             (19.9)                           (19.9)
cash net of debt                                   12.3                              8.9
pension funded status ($b)
funded plans                                       $4.1                             $2.1
unfunded plans                                    (4.3)                            (4.4)
total global pension                             $(0.2)                           $(2.3)
total funded status opeb                         $(4.5)                           $(4.7)
liquidity. our key priority is to maintain a strong balance sheet to withstand potential stress scenarios, while having resources available to invest in and grow our business. at december 31, 2023, we had company cash of $28.8 billion and liquidity of $46.4 billion. at december 31, 2023, about 90% of company cash was held by consolidated entities domiciled in the united states.
to be prepared for an economic downturn and other stress scenarios, we target an ongoing company cash balance at or above $20 billion plus significant additional liquidity above our company cash target. we expect to have periods when we will be above or below this amount due to: (i) future cash flow expectations, such as for investments in future opportunities, capital investments, debt maturities, pension contributions, or restructuring requirements, (ii) short-term timing differences, and (iii) changes in the global economic or operating environment.
our company cash investments primarily include u.s. department of treasury obligations, federal agency securities, bank time deposits with investment-grade institutions, investment-grade corporate securities, investment-grade commercial paper, and debt obligations of a select group of non-u.s. governments, non-u.s. governmental agencies, and supranational institutions. the average maturity of these investments is approximately one year and adjusted based on market conditions and liquidity needs. we monitor our company cash levels and average maturity on a daily basis.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
material cash requirements.  our material cash requirements include:
capital expenditures (for additional information, see the "changes in company cash" section below) and other payments for engineering, software, product development, and implementation of our plans for electric vehicles
purchase of raw materials and components to support the manufacturing and sale of vehicles (including electric vehicles), parts, and accessories (for additional information, see the aggregate contractual obligations table and the accompanying description of our "purchase obligations" below)
marketing incentive payments to dealers
payments for warranty and field service actions (for additional information, see note 25 of the notes to the financial statements)
debt repayments (for additional information, see the aggregate contractual obligations table below and note 19 of the notes the financial statements)
discretionary and mandatory payments to our global pension plans (for additional information, see the aggregate contractual obligations table below, the "changes in company cash" section below, and note 17 of the notes to the financial statements)
employee wages, benefits, and incentives
operating lease payments (for additional information, see the aggregate contractual obligations table below and note 18 of the notes to the financial statements)
cash effects related to the restructuring of our business
strategic acquisitions and investments to grow our business, including electrification subject to approval by our board of directors, shareholder distributions in the form of dividend payments and/or a share repurchase program (including share repurchases to offset the anti-dilutive effect of increased shared-based compensation) may require the expenditure of a material amount of cash. we target shareholder distributions of 40% to 50% of adjusted free cash flow. moreover, we may be subject to additional material cash requirements that are contingent upon the occurrence of certain events, e.g., legal contingencies, uncertain tax positions, and other matters.
we are party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, and, as noted above, such commitments require a material amount of cash. most of these are debt obligations incurred by our ford credit segment. in addition, as part of our normal business practices, we enter into contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services. these arrangements, including multi-year offtake commitments, may contain fixed or minimum quantity purchase requirements. "purchase obligations" in the aggregate contractual obligations table below are defined as off-balance sheet agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms; however, as we purchase raw materials and components beyond the minimum amounts required by the "purchase obligations," our material cash requirements for these items are higher than what is reflected in the aggregate contractual obligations table. for additional information on the timing of these payments and the impact on our working capital, see the "changes in company cash" section below.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the table below summarizes our aggregate contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023 (in millions):
payments due by period
2024                                                                                     2025 - 2026                   2027 - 2028                    thereafter                      total company excluding ford credit on-balance sheet long-term debt (a)                                             $85                      $4,999                        $1,523                       $12,667                      $19,274
interest payments relating to long-term debt (b)               962                       1,786                         1,520                         9,509                       13,777
finance leases (c)                                              67                         183                           144                           498                          892
operating leases (d)                                           543                         783                           431                           335                        2,092
pension funding (e)                                            195                         397                           402                             -                          994
off-balance sheet purchase obligations (f)                                     1,579                       2,470                           860                           692                        5,601
total company excluding ford credit                          3,431                      10,618                         4,880                        23,701                       42,630
ford credit on-balance sheet long-term debt (a)                                          30,606                      53,650                        18,756                         9,103                      112,115
interest payments relating to long-term debt (b)             4,709                       5,163                         2,135                           992                       12,999
operating leases                                                15                          20                             9                             -                           44
off-balance sheet purchase obligations                                            12                          45                            58                             -                          115
total ford credit                                           35,342                      58,878                        20,958                        10,095                      125,273
total company                                              $38,773                     $69,496                       $25,838                       $33,796                     $167,903
__________
(a)excludes unamortized debt discounts/premiums, unamortized debt issuance costs, and fair value adjustments.
(b)long-term debt may have fixed or variable interest rates. for long-term debt with variable-rate interest, we estimate the future interest payments based on projected market interest rates for various floating-rate benchmarks received from third parties.
(c)includes interest payments of $254 million.
(d)excludes approximately $449 million in future lease payments for various operating leases commencing in a future period.
(e)amounts represent our estimate of contractually obligated contributions to the ford-werke plan. see note 17 of the notes to the financial statements for further information regarding our expected pension contributions.
(f)purchase obligations under existing offtake agreements for scarce raw materials are not included in the table above. as of december 31, 2023, our estimated expenditures for the maximum quantity that we are committed to purchase under these offtake agreements through 2035, subject to certain conditions, consist of approximately $4.5 billion of purchase obligations and approximately $8 billion of contingent purchase obligations based on our present forecast. however, our forecast could fluctuate from period to period based on market prices, which could result in significant increases or decreases in our estimate. the actual price paid for these materials will be recorded on our balance sheet at the time of purchase. in addition, as market conditions dictate, we may enter into additional offtake agreements with raw material suppliers or seek to renegotiate existing agreements. for additional information, see the discussion of our offtake agreements below on page 62.
we plan to utilize our liquidity (as described above) and our cash flows from business operations to fund our material cash requirements.
changes in company cash. in managing our business, we classify changes in company cash into operating and non-operating items. operating items include: company adjusted ebit excluding ford credit ebt, capital spending, depreciation and tooling amortization, changes in working capital, ford credit distributions, interest on debt, cash taxes, and all other and timing differences (including timing differences between accrual-based ebit and associated cash flows). non-operating items include: restructuring costs, changes in company debt excluding ford credit, contributions to funded pension plans, shareholder distributions, and other items (including gains and losses on investments in equity securities, acquisitions and divestitures, equity investments, and other transactions with ford credit).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
with respect to "changes in working capital," in general, the company excluding ford credit carries relatively low trade receivables compared with our trade payables because the majority of our wholesales are financed (primarily by ford credit) immediately upon the sale of vehicles to dealers, which generally occurs shortly after being produced. in contrast, our trade payables are based primarily on industry-standard production supplier payment terms of about 45 days. as a result, our cash flow deteriorates if wholesale volumes (and the corresponding revenue) decrease while trade payables continue to become due. conversely, our cash flow improves if wholesale volumes (and the corresponding revenue) increase while new trade payables are generally not due for about 45 days. for example, the suspension of production at most of our assembly plants and lower industry volumes due to covid-19 in early 2020 resulted in an initial deterioration of our cash flow, while the subsequent resumption of manufacturing operations and return to pre-covid-19 production levels at most of our assembly plants resulted in a subsequent improvement of our cash flow. even in normal economic conditions, however, these working capital balances generally are subject to seasonal changes that can impact cash flow. for example, we typically experience cash flow timing differences associated with inventories and payables due to our annual shutdown periods when production, and therefore inventories and wholesale volumes, are usually at their lowest levels, while payables continue to come due and be paid. the net impact of this typically results in cash outflows from changes in our working capital balances during these shutdown periods.
our finished product inventory at december 31, 2023 was higher than at december 31, 2022, primarily reflecting higher in-transit inventory.
in response to, or in anticipation of, supplier disruptions, we may stockpile certain components or raw materials to help prevent disruption in our production of vehicles. such actions could have a short-term adverse impact on our cash and increase our inventory. moreover, in order to secure critical materials for production of electric vehicles, we have entered into and we may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements with raw material suppliers and make investments in certain raw material and battery suppliers, including contributing up to a maximum of $6.6 billion in capital to blueoval sk, llc over a five-year period ending in 2026. our actual capital outlay could vary significantly based on the final project costs and potential financing opportunities. such investments could have an additional adverse impact on our cash in the near-term.
the terms of the offtake agreements we have entered into, and those we may enter into in the future, vary by transaction, though they generally obligate us to purchase a certain percentage or minimum amount of output produced by the counterparty over an agreed upon period of time. the purchase price mechanism included in the offtake agreement is typically based on the market price of the material at the time of delivery. the terms also may include conditions to our obligation to purchase the materials, such as quality or minimum output. subject to satisfaction of those conditions, we will be obligated to purchase the materials at the cost determined by the purchase price mechanism. based on the offtake agreements we have entered into thus far, the earliest date by which we could be obligated to purchase any output, subject to satisfaction of the applicable conditions, will be in 2024.
unlike our historical arrangements with suppliers, under multi-year offtake agreements, the risks associated with lower-than-expected electric vehicle production volumes or changes in battery technology that reduce the need for certain raw materials are borne by ford rather than our suppliers. accordingly, in the event we do not purchase the materials pursuant to the terms of these agreements and we are unable to restructure an agreement or an alternate purchaser is unable to be found, ford retains its obligation for the cost of those materials.  for additional discussion of the risks related to our offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts, see "item 1a. risk factors."
financial institutions participate in a supply chain finance ("scf") program that enables our suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their ford receivables (i.e., our payment obligations to the suppliers) to the financial institutions on a non-recourse basis in order to be paid earlier than our payment terms provide. our suppliers' voluntary inclusion of invoices in the scf program has no bearing on our payment terms, the amounts we pay, or our liquidity. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to participate in the scf program, and we do not provide any guarantees in connection with it. as of december 31, 2023, the outstanding amount of ford receivables that suppliers elected to sell to the scf financial institutions was $220 million. the amount settled through the scf program during 2023 was $1.8 billion.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
changes in company cash excluding ford credit are summarized below (in billions):
december 31, 2021                december 31, 2022                december 31, 2023
company excluding ford credit company adjusted ebit excluding ford credit (a)                         $5.3                             $7.8                             $9.1
capital spending                                                      $(6.2)                           $(6.5)                           $(8.2)
depreciation and tooling amortization                                    5.1                              5.2                              5.3
net spending                                                          $(1.1)                           $(1.3)                           $(2.9)
receivables                                                           $(0.2)                           $(1.0)                           $(1.0)
inventory                                                              (1.8)                            (2.5)                            (1.2)
trade payables                                                           0.3                              3.7                            (0.2)
changes in working capital                                            $(1.7)                             $0.2                           $(2.4)
ford credit distributions                                               $7.5                             $2.1                               $-
interest on debt and cash taxes                                        (2.3)                            (1.7)                            (2.2)
all other and timing differences                                       (3.1)                              1.9                              5.2
company adjusted free cash flow (a)                                     $4.6                             $9.1                             $6.8
restructuring                                                         $(1.9)                           $(0.4)                           $(0.9)
changes in debt                                                        (3.7)                            (0.4)                            (0.2)
funded pension contributions                                           (0.8)                            (0.6)                            (0.6)
shareholder distributions                                              (0.4)                            (2.5)                            (5.3)
all other (b)                                                            7.9                            (9.5)                            (3.2)
change in cash                                                          $5.7                           $(4.3)                           $(3.4)
__________
(a)see non-gaap financial measure reconciliations section for reconciliation to gaap.
(b)2021 includes our investment in rivian of $10.6 billion and cash premium paid of $(1.6) billion associated with repurchasing and redeeming $7.6 billion of higher-coupon debt. 2022 includes a $7.4 billion loss on our rivian investment. 2023 includes $2.6 billion of capital contributions to blueoval sk, llc.
note: numbers may not sum due to rounding.
our full year 2023 net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities was positive $14.9 billion, an increase of $8.1 billion from a year ago (see page 78 for additional information). the year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher net income.
company adjusted free cash flow was $6.8 billion, $2.3 billion lower than a year ago. an improvement in company adjusted ebit excluding ford credit and timing differences were more than offset by the non-repeat of working capital improvements and ford credit distributions, as well as higher capital spending.
capital spending was $8.2 billion in 2023, $1.6 billion higher than a year ago, and is expected to be in the range of $8 billion to $9.5 billion in 2024.
the full year 2023 working capital impact was $2.4 billion negative, driven by an increase in inventory and receivables. all other and timing differences were positive $5.2 billion. timing differences include differences between accrual-based ebit and the associated cash flows (e.g., marketing incentive and warranty payments to dealers, jv equity income, compensation payments, and pension and opeb income or expense).
shareholder distributions (including cash dividends and anti-dilutive share repurchases) were $5.3 billion in 2023. on february 6, 2024, we declared a regular dividend of $0.15 per share and a supplemental dividend of $0.18 per share.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
available credit lines.  total company committed credit lines, excluding ford credit, at december 31, 2023 were $19.4 billion, consisting of $13.5 billion of our corporate credit facility, $2.0 billion of our supplemental revolving credit facility, $1.8 billion of our 364-day revolving credit facility, and $2.2 billion of local credit facilities. at december 31, 2023, the utilized portion of the corporate credit facility was $18 million, representing amounts utilized for letters of credit. in addition, $1.8 billion of committed company credit lines, excluding ford credit, was utilized under local credit facilities for our affiliates as of december 31, 2023.
lenders under our corporate credit facility have $3.4 billion of commitments maturing on april 26, 2026 and $10.1 billion of commitments maturing on april 26, 2028. lenders under our supplemental revolving credit facility have $0.1 billion of commitments maturing on september 29, 2024 and $1.9 billion of commitments maturing on april 26, 2026. lenders under our 364-day revolving credit facility have $1.8 billion of commitments maturing on april 24, 2024.
on august 17, 2023, we entered into a new 364-day revolving credit facility, with $4 billion of commitments maturing on august 15, 2024. at the time we entered into this credit facility, it provided additional working capital flexibility to manage through uncertainties in the present environment, including a potential labor disruption. with the ratification of the new uaw contract, this credit facility was terminated as of november 24, 2023.
the corporate, supplemental, and 364-day credit agreements include certain sustainability-linked targets, pursuant to which the applicable margin and facility fees may be adjusted if ford achieves, or fails to achieve, the specified targets related to global manufacturing facility greenhouse gas emissions, renewable electricity consumption, and ford europe co2 tailpipe emissions. ford outperformed the 2022 targets for all three of the sustainability-linked metrics, which favorably impacted pricing beginning in the third quarter of 2023.
the corporate credit facility is unsecured and free of material adverse change conditions to borrowing, restrictive financial covenants (for example, interest or fixed-charge coverage ratio, debt-to-equity ratio, and minimum net worth requirements), and credit rating triggers that could limit our ability to obtain funding or trigger early repayment. the corporate credit facility contains a liquidity covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum of $4 billion in aggregate of domestic cash, cash equivalents, and loaned and marketable securities and/or availability under the corporate credit facility, supplemental revolving credit facility, and 364-day revolving credit facility. the terms and conditions of the supplemental and 364-day revolving credit facilities are consistent with our corporate credit facility. ford credit has been designated as a subsidiary borrower under the corporate credit facility and the 364-day revolving credit facility.
each of the corporate credit facility, supplemental revolving credit facility, and 364-day revolving credit facility include a covenant that requires us to provide guarantees from certain of our subsidiaries in the event that our senior, unsecured, long-term debt does not maintain at least two investment grade ratings from fitch, moody's, and s&p. on october 30, 2023, following the upgrade by s&p of our senior, unsecured, long-term debt credit rating to bbb-, the unsecured guarantees provided by the following subsidiaries to the lenders under the credit facilities were released: ford component sales, llc; ford european holdings inc.; ford global technologies, llc; ford holdings llc (the parent company of ford credit); ford international capital llc; ford mexico holdings llc; ford motor service company; ford next llc; ford trading company, llc; and ford van dyke investment fund, inc.
debt.  as shown in note 19 of the notes to the financial statements, at december 31, 2023, company debt excluding ford credit was $19.9 billion, unchanged from december 31, 2022.
leverage. we manage company debt (excluding ford credit) levels with a leverage framework that targets investment grade credit ratings through a normal business cycle. the leverage framework includes a ratio of total company debt (excluding ford credit), underfunded pension liabilities, operating leases, and other adjustments, divided by company adjusted ebit (excluding ford credit ebt), and further adjusted to exclude depreciation and tooling amortization (excluding ford credit).
ford credit's leverage is calculated as a separate business as described in the "liquidity - ford credit segment" section of item 7. ford credit is self-funding and its debt, which is used to fund its operations, is separate from our company debt excluding ford credit.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit segment ford credit remains well capitalized with a strong balance sheet and funding diversified across platforms and markets. ford credit continues to have robust access to the capital markets, and ended 2023 with $25.7 billion of liquidity, up $4.6 billion from 2022.
key elements of ford credit's funding strategy include:
maintain strong liquidity and funding diversity
prudently access public markets
continue to leverage retail deposit funding in europe
flexibility to increase abs mix as needed; preserving assets and committed capacity
target financial statement leverage of 9:1 to 10:1
maintain self-liquidating balance sheet ford credit's liquidity profile continues to be diverse, robust, and focused on maintaining liquidity levels that meet its business and funding requirements. ford credit regularly stress tests its balance sheet and liquidity to ensure that it can continue to meet its financial obligations through economic cycles.
funding sources. ford credit's funding sources include primarily unsecured debt and securitization transactions (including other structured financings). ford credit issues both short-term and long-term debt that is held by both institutional and retail investors, with long-term debt having an original maturity of more than 12 months. ford credit sponsors a number of securitization programs that can be structured to provide both short-term and long-term funding through institutional investors and other financial institutions in the united states and international capital markets.
ford credit obtains unsecured funding from the sale of demand notes under its ford interest advantage program and through the retail deposit programs at fce bank plc ("fce") and ford bank gmbh ("ford bank"). at december 31, 2023, the principal amount outstanding of ford interest advantage notes, which may be redeemed at any time at the option of the holders thereof without restriction, and fce and ford bank deposits was $17.2 billion. ford credit maintains multiple sources of readily available liquidity to fund the payment of its unsecured short-term debt obligations.
the following table shows funding for ford credit's net receivables (in billions):
december 31, 2021                december 31, 2022                december 31, 2023
funding structure term unsecured debt                                                 $59.4                            $48.3                            $54.1
term asset-backed securities                                         45.4                             56.4                             58.0
retail deposits / ford interest advantage                            12.9                             14.3                             17.2
other                                                               (0.1)                              2.7                              1.4
equity                                                               12.4                             11.9                             13.4
adjustments for cash                                               (12.5)                           (11.3)                           (10.9)
total net receivables                                              $117.5                           $122.3                           $133.2
securitized funding as percent of total debt                         38.5       %                     47.4       %                     44.9       %
net receivables of $133.2 billion at december 31, 2023 were funded primarily with term unsecured debt and term asset-backed securities. securitized funding as a percent of total debt was 44.9% as of december 31, 2023.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
public term funding plan. the following table shows ford credit's issuances for full year 2021, 2022, and 2023, and its planned issuances for full year 2024, excluding short-term funding programs (in billions):
2021actual                 2022actual                 2023actual         2024forecast unsecured                               $5                         $6                        $14                  $ 14 - 17
securitizations         9                          10                         14                                    13 - 16
total public                           $14                        $16                        $28                  $ 27 - 33
in 2023, ford credit completed $28 billion of public term funding. for 2024, ford credit projects full year public term funding in the range of $27 billion to $33 billion. through february 5, 2024, we completed $5 billion of public term issuances.
liquidity. the following table shows ford credit's liquidity sources and utilization (in billions):
december 31, 2021                december 31, 2022                december 31, 2023
liquidity sources (a)
cash                                                                                                 $12.5                            $11.3                            $10.9
committed asset-backed facilities                                                                     37.1                             37.4                             42.9
other unsecured credit facilities                                                                      2.7                              2.3                              2.4
total liquidity sources                                                                              $52.3                            $51.0                            $56.2
utilization of liquidity (a)
securitization cash and restricted cash                                                             $(3.9)                           $(2.9)                           $(2.8)
committed asset-backed facilities                                                                   (12.5)                           (26.6)                           (27.5)
other unsecured credit facilities                                                                    (1.0)                            (0.8)                            (0.4)
total utilization of liquidity                                                                     $(17.4)                          $(30.3)                          $(30.7)
gross liquidity                                                                                      $34.9                            $20.7                            $25.5
asset-backed capacity in excess of eligible receivables and other adjustments                        (2.8)                              0.4                              0.2
net liquidity available for use                                                                      $32.1                            $21.1                            $25.7
__________
(a)see definitions and information regarding ford credit causal factors section.
ford credit's net liquidity available for use will fluctuate quarterly based on factors including near-term debt maturities, receivable growth and decline, and timing of funding transactions. at december 31, 2023, ford credit's net liquidity available for use was $25.7 billion, $4.6 billion higher than year-end 2022, reflecting strong access to public funding markets and the addition of $5.5 billion in committed asset-backed capacity. ford credit's sources of liquidity include cash, committed asset-backed facilities, and unsecured credit facilities. at december 31, 2023, ford credit's liquidity sources, including cash, committed asset-backed facilities, and unsecured credit facilities, totaled $56.2 billion, up $5.2 billion from year-end 2022.
material cash requirements.  ford credit's material cash requirements include: (1) the purchase of retail financing and operating lease contracts from dealers and providing wholesale financing for dealers to finance new and used vehicles; and (2) debt repayments (for additional information on debt, see the "balance sheet liquidity profile" section below, the "material cash requirements" section in "liquidity and capital resources - company excluding ford credit" above, and note 19 of the notes to the financial statements). in addition, subject to approval by ford credit's board of directors, shareholder distributions may require the expenditure of a material amount of cash. moreover, ford credit may be subject to additional material cash requirements that are contingent upon the occurrence of certain events, e.g., legal contingencies, uncertain tax positions, and other matters.
ford credit plans to utilize its liquidity (as described above) and its cash flows from business operations to fund its material cash requirements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
balance sheet liquidity profile.  ford credit defines its balance sheet liquidity profile as the cumulative maturities, including the impact of expected prepayments and allowance for credit losses, of its finance receivables, investment in operating leases, and cash, less the cumulative debt maturities over upcoming annual periods. ford credit's balance sheet is inherently liquid because of the short-term nature of its finance receivables, investment in operating leases, and cash. ford credit ensures its cumulative debt maturities have a longer tenor than its cumulative asset maturities. this positive maturity profile is intended to provide ford credit with additional liquidity after all of its assets have been funded and is in addition to liquidity available to protect for stress scenarios.
the following table shows ford credit's cumulative maturities for assets and total debt for the periods presented and unsecured long-term debt maturities in the individual periods presented (in billions):
2024                  2025                  2026                  2027 and beyond balance sheet liquidity profile assets (a)                                                 $76                  $104                  $126                        $149
total debt (b)                                              61                    88                   105                         131
memo: unsecured long-term debt maturities                   12                    13                    11                          21
__________
(a)includes gross finance receivables less the allowance for credit losses (including certain finance receivables that are reclassified in consolidation to trade and other receivables), investment in operating leases net of accumulated depreciation, cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excluding amounts related to insurance activities). amounts shown include the impact of expected prepayments.
(b)excludes unamortized debt (discount)/premium, unamortized issuance costs, and fair value adjustments.
maturities of investment in operating leases consist primarily of the portion of rental payments attributable to depreciation over the remaining life of the lease and the expected residual value at lease termination. maturities of finance receivables and investment in operating leases in the table above include expected prepayments for ford credit's retail installment sale contracts and investment in operating leases. the table above also reflects adjustments to debt maturities to match the asset-backed debt maturities with the underlying asset maturities.
all wholesale securitization transactions and wholesale receivables are shown maturing in the next 12 months, even if the maturities extend beyond 2024. the retail securitization transactions under certain committed asset-backed facilities are assumed to amortize immediately rather than amortizing after the expiration of the commitment period. as of december 31, 2023, ford credit had $149 billion of assets, $68 billion of which were unencumbered.
funding and liquidity risks. ford credit's funding plan is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, including disruption in the capital markets that could impact both unsecured debt and asset-backed securities issuance and the effects of regulatory changes on the financial markets.
despite ford credit's diverse sources of funding and liquidity, its ability to maintain liquidity may be affected by, among others, the following factors (not necessarily listed in order of importance or probability of occurrence):
prolonged disruption of the debt and securitization markets;
global capital markets volatility;
credit ratings assigned to ford and ford credit;
market capacity for ford- and ford credit-sponsored investments;
general demand for the type of securities ford credit offers;
ford credit's ability to continue funding through asset-backed financing structures;
performance of the underlying assets within ford credit's asset-backed financing structures;
inability to obtain hedging instruments;
accounting and regulatory changes; and
ford credit's ability to maintain credit facilities and committed asset-backed facilities.
stress tests. ford credit regularly conducts stress testing on its funding and liquidity sources to ensure it can continue to meet financial obligations and support the sale of ford and lincoln vehicles during firm-specific and market-wide stress events. stress tests are intended to quantify the potential impact of various adverse scenarios on the balance sheet and liquidity. these scenarios include assumptions on access to unsecured and secured debt markets, runoff of short-term funding, and ability to renew expiring liquidity commitments and are measured over various time periods, including 30 days, 90 days, and longer term. ford credit's stress test does not assume any additional funding, liquidity, or capital support from ford. ford credit routinely develops contingency funding plans as part of its liquidity stress testing.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
leverage.  ford credit uses leverage, or the debt-to-equity ratio, to make various business decisions, including evaluating and establishing pricing for finance receivable and operating lease financing, and assessing its capital structure.
the table below shows the calculation of ford credit's financial statement leverage (in billions):
december 31, 2021                december 31, 2022                december 31, 2023
leverage calculation debt                                                      $117.7                           $119.0                           $129.3
equity (a)                                                  12.4                             11.9                             13.4
financial statement leverage (to 1)                          9.5                             10.0                              9.7
__________
(a)total shareholder's interest reported on ford credit's balance sheets.
ford credit plans its leverage by considering market conditions and the risk characteristics of its business. at december 31, 2023, ford credit's financial statement leverage was 9.7:1. ford credit targets financial statement leverage in the range of 9:1 to 10:1.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company pension plan contributions and strategy. our strategy is to reduce the risk of our funded defined benefit pension plans, including minimizing the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to pension liabilities and the need for unplanned use of capital resources to fund the plans. the strategy reduces balance sheet, cash flow, and income exposures and, in turn, reduces our risk profile. going forward, we expect to:
limit our pension contributions to offset ongoing service cost, ensure our funded plans remain fully funded in aggregate, and meet regulatory requirements, if any;
minimize the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to pension obligations and ensure assets are sufficient to pay plan benefits; and
evaluate strategic actions to reduce pension liabilities, such as plan design changes, curtailments, or settlements
2022                     2023        2023h / (l) 2022
pension funded status ($b)
u.s. plans                                                    $0.1                   $(1.3)              $(1.4)
non-u.s. plans                                               (0.3)                    (1.0)               (0.7)
total global pension                                        $(0.2)                   $(2.3)              $(2.1)
year-end discount rate (weighted average)
u.s. plans                                                    5.51   %                 5.17   %                (34) bps non-u.s. plans                                                4.42   %                 3.98   %                (44) bps actual asset returns u.s. plans                                                 (21.20)   %                 7.41   %              28.61 ppts non-u.s. plans                                             (25.40)   %                 5.56   %              30.96 ppts pension - funded plans only ($b)
funded status                                                 $4.1                     $2.1              $(2.0)
contributions for funded plans                                 0.6                      0.6                   -
worldwide, our defined benefit pension plans were underfunded by $2.3 billion at december 31, 2023, a deterioration of $2.1 billion from december 31, 2022, primarily reflecting the impact of lower discount rates compared to year-end 2022 and pension benefit enhancements as part of the collective bargaining agreements in the united states and canada, partially offset by asset gains in excess of our assumptions. of the $2.3 billion underfunded status at year-end 2023, our funded plans were $2.1 billion overfunded and our unfunded plans were $4.4 billion underfunded. these unfunded plans are "pay as you go" with benefits paid from company cash and primarily include certain plans in germany and u.s. defined benefit plans for senior management.
the fixed income mix was 76% in our u.s. plans and 78% in our non-u.s. plans at year-end 2023.
in 2023, we contributed $592 million to our global funded pension plans, an increase of $25 million compared with 2022. during 2024, we expect to contribute about $1 billion of cash to our global funded pension plans. we also expect to make about $400 million of benefit payments to participants in unfunded plans. based on current assumptions and regulations, we do not expect to have a legal requirement to fund our major u.s. plans in 2024. our global funded plans remain fully funded in aggregate, demonstrating the effectiveness of our de-risking strategy and our commitment to a strong balance sheet.
for a detailed discussion of our pension plans, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - pensions and other postretirement employee benefits" section of item 7 of part ii of our 2023 form 10-k report and note 17 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
return on invested capital ("roic"). we analyze total company performance using an adjusted roic financial metric based on an after-tax rolling four quarter average. the following table contains the calculation of our roic for the years shown (in billions):
december 31, 2021                december 31, 2022                december 31, 2023
adjusted net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax net income/(loss) attributable to ford                                       $17.9                           $(2.0)                             $4.3
add: noncontrolling interest                                                     -                            (0.2)                                -
less: income tax                                                               0.1                              0.9                              0.4
add: cash tax                                                                (0.6)                            (0.8)                            (1.0)
less: interest on debt                                                       (1.8)                            (1.3)                            (1.3)
less: total pension / opeb income / (cost)                                     4.9                              0.4                            (3.1)
add: pension / opeb service costs                                            (1.1)                            (1.0)                            (0.6)
net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax                                   $13.0                           $(3.9)                             $6.7
less: special items (excl. pension / opeb) pre-tax                             5.9                           (11.7)                            (2.7)
adjusted net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax                           $7.1                             $7.8                             $9.5
invested capital equity                                                                       $48.6                            $43.2                            $42.8
debt (excl. ford credit)                                                      20.4                             19.9                             19.9
net pension and opeb liability                                                 6.4                              4.7                              7.0
invested capital (end of period)                                             $75.4                            $67.8                            $69.8
average invested capital                                                     $72.1                            $70.0                            $68.1
roic (a)                                                                      18.0       %                    (5.6)       %                      9.9       %
adjusted roic (non-gaap) (b)                                                   9.8       %                     11.2       %                     13.9       %
__________
(a)calculated as the sum of net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters.
(b)calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters.
note: numbers may not sum due to rounding.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
credit ratings our short-term and long-term debt is rated by four credit rating agencies designated as nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") by the u.s. securities and exchange commission: dbrs, fitch, moody's, and s&p.
in several markets, locally recognized rating agencies also rate us. a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the credit risk associated with a corporate entity or particular securities issued by that entity. rating agencies' ratings of us are based on information provided by us and other sources. credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating agency may have different criteria for evaluating company risk and, therefore, ratings should be evaluated independently for each rating agency.
the following rating actions were taken by these nrsros since the filing of our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2023:
on october 30, 2023, s&p upgraded the credit ratings for ford and ford credit to bbb- from bb+ and revised the outlook to stable from positive.
the following table summarizes certain of the credit ratings and outlook presently assigned by these four nrsros:
nrsro ratings ford                                                                                                     ford credit                                                                                           nrsros issuer                        long-term senior unsecured                outlook / trend                  long-term senior unsecured                short-term                 outlook / trend                  minimum long-term investment grade rating default /                                                                                                                                          unsecured corporate /
issuer rating dbrs           bbb (low)                     bbb (low)                                 stable                           bbb (low)                                 r-2 (low)                  stable                           bbb (low)
fitch          bbb-                          bbb-                                      stable                           bbb-                                      f3                         stable                           bbb-
moody's        n/a                           ba1                                       stable                           ba1                                       np                         stable                           baa3
s&amp;p        bbb-                          bbb-                                      stable                           bbb-                                      a-3                        stable                           bbb-
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
outlook we provided 2024 company guidance in our earnings release furnished on form 8-k dated february 6, 2024. the guidance is based on our expectations as of february 6, 2024, and assumes no material change to our current assumptions for inflation, logistics issues, production, or macroeconomic conditions. our actual results could differ materially from our guidance due to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those set forth in "risk factors" in item 1a of part i.
2024 guidance total company adjusted ebit (a)                          $10 - $12 billion adjusted free cash flow (a)                  $6 - $7 billion capital spending                           $8 - $9.5 billion ford credit ebt                                       about $1.5 billion
__________
(a)when we provide guidance for adjusted ebit and adjusted free cash flow, we do not provide guidance for the most comparable gaap measures because, as described in more detail below in "non-gaap measures that supplement gaap measures," they include items that are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty.
for full-year 2024, we expect adjusted ebit of $10 billion to $12 billion and adjusted free cash flow of $6 billion to $7 billion.
on a segment basis, we expect:
ford pro ebit of $8 billion to $9 billion driven by continued growth and favorable mix, partially offset by moderated pricing
ford blue ebit of $7 billion to $7.5 billion, reflecting a balanced market equation, including the impact of our all-new f-150 launch; we also expect costs to be flat as we offset higher labor and product cost with efficiencies
ford model e ebit loss of $5 billion to $5.5 billion, primarily driven by continued pricing pressure and investments in next generation vehicles
ford credit ebt of about $1.5 billion our outlook for 2024 assumes:
flat to modest u.s. industry growth at 16 million to 16.5 million
non-recurrence of the uaw strike
full year of all-new super duty, which drives positive pricing and mix in ford pro
lower industry pricing as supply and demand normalize
$2 billion benefit from cost reduction initiatives, offsetting higher labor and major product refresh actions item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
cautionary note on forward-looking statements statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation:
ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with ford's production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to acquire key components or raw materials, such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, graphite, and manganese, can disrupt ford's production of vehicles;
to facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the production of electric vehicles, ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast;
ford's long-term competitiveness depends on the successful execution of ford+;
ford's vehicles could be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our vehicles and services could continue to have an adverse effect on our business;
ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, or business strategies;
ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation;
operational information systems, security systems, vehicles, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact ford and ford credit as well as their suppliers and dealers;
ford's production, as well as ford's suppliers' production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors;
failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers could have a negative impact on ford's business;
ford's ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints;
ford's ability to attract, develop, grow, and reward talent is critical to its success and competitiveness;
ford's new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and its reputation may be harmed if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced;
ford's results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the united states;
with a global footprint and supply chain, ford's results and operations could be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events;
industry sales volume can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, public health emergency, or significant geopolitical event;
ford may face increased price competition or a reduction in demand for its products resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, or other factors, particularly for electric vehicles;
inflationary pressure and fluctuations in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of ford or ford credit's investments, including marketable securities, can have a significant effect on results;
ford and ford credit's access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors;
the impact of government incentives on ford's business could be significant, and ford's receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback;
ford credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles;
economic and demographic experience for pension and opeb plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than ford has assumed;
pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect ford's liquidity and financial condition;
ford and ford credit could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise;
ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations;
ford and ford credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, data protection, and artificial intelligence laws and regulations as well as consumers' heightened expectations to safeguard their personal information; and
ford credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forward-looking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. it is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
non-gaap financial measures that supplement gaap measures we use both generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and non-gaap financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess company and segment business performance. the non-gaap measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their equivalent gaap measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. we believe that these non-gaap measures provide useful perspective on underlying operating results and trends, and a means to compare our period-over-period results. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. these non-gaap measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted.
company adjusted ebit (most comparable gaap measure: net income/(loss) attributable to ford) - earnings before interest and taxes (ebit) excludes interest on debt (excl. ford credit debt), taxes, and pre-tax special items. this non-gaap measure is useful to management and investors because it focuses on underlying operating results and trends, and improves comparability of our period-over-period results. our management ordinarily excludes special items from its review of the results of the operating segments for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources. our categories of pre-tax special items and the applicable significance guideline for each item (which may consist of a group of items related to a single event or action) are as follows:
pre-tax special item                                                                                                                                                                                           significance guideline
 pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses                                                                                                                                                               no minimum
 gains and losses on investments in equity securities                                                                                                                                                          no minimum
 personnel expenses, supplier- and dealer-related costs, and facility-related charges stemming from our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix        generally $100 million or more
 other items that we do not necessarily consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities                                                                                                $500 million or more for individual field service actions; generally $100 million or more for other items when we provide guidance for adjusted ebit, we do not provide guidance on a net income basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty, including gains and losses on pension and opeb remeasurements and on investments in equity securities.
company adjusted ebit margin (most comparable gaap measure: company net income/(loss) margin) - company adjusted ebit margin is company adjusted ebit divided by company revenue. this non-gaap measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our operating results aligned with industry reporting.
adjusted earnings/(loss) per share (most comparable gaap measure: earnings/(loss) per share) - measure of company's diluted net earnings/(loss) per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above), tax special items, and restructuring impacts in noncontrolling interests. the measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. when we provide guidance for adjusted earnings/(loss) per share, we do not provide guidance on an earnings/(loss) per share basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
adjusted effective tax rate (most comparable gaap measure: effective tax rate) - measure of company's tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. the measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting. when we provide guidance for adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance on an effective tax rate basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
company adjusted free cash flow (most comparable gaap measure: net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities) - measure of company's operating cash flow excluding ford credit's operating cash flows. the measure contains elements management considers operating activities, including company excluding ford credit capital spending, ford credit distributions to its parent, and settlement of derivatives. the measure excludes cash outflows for funded pension contributions, restructuring actions, and other items that are considered operating cash flows under u.s. gaap. this measure is useful to management and investors because it is consistent with management's assessment of the company's operating cash flow performance. when we provide guidance for company adjusted free cash flow, we do not provide guidance for net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities because the gaap measure will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including cash flows related to the company's exposures to foreign currency exchange rates and certain commodity prices (separate from any related hedges), ford credit's operating cash flows, and cash flows related to special items, including separation payments, each of which individually or in the aggregate could have a significant impact to our net cash provided by/(used in) our operating activities.
adjusted roic - calculated as the sum of adjusted net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax from the last four quarters, divided by the average invested capital over the last four quarters. adjusted return on invested capital ("adjusted roic") provides management and investors with useful information to evaluate the company's after-cash tax operating return on its invested capital for the period presented. adjusted net operating profit/(loss) after cash tax measures operating results less special items, interest on debt (excl. ford credit debt), and certain pension/opeb costs. average invested capital is the sum of average balance sheet equity, debt (excl. ford credit debt), and net pension/opeb liability.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
non-gaap financial measure reconciliations the following tables show our non-gaap financial measure reconciliations.
net income/(loss) reconciliation to adjusted ebit ($m)
2021                       2022                     2023
net income/(loss) attributable to ford (gaap)                             $17,937                   $(1,981)                   $4,347
income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                       (27)                      (171)                     (18)
net income/(loss)                                                         $17,910                   $(2,152)                   $4,329
less: (provision for)/benefit from income taxes (a)                           130                        864                      362
income/(loss) before income taxes                                         $17,780                   $(3,016)                   $3,967
less: special items pre-tax                                                 9,583                   (12,172)                  (5,147)
income/(loss) before special items pre-tax                                 $8,197                     $9,156                   $9,114
less: interest on debt                                                    (1,803)                    (1,259)                  (1,302)
adjusted ebit (non-gaap)                                                  $10,000                    $10,415                  $10,416
memo:
revenue ($b)                                                               $136.3                     $158.1                   $176.2
net income/(loss) margin (%)                                                 13.2   %                  (1.3)   %                  2.5   %
adjusted ebit margin (%)                                                      7.3   %                    6.6   %                  5.9   %
_________
(a)2021 reflects a benefit from recognizing deferred tax assets and favorable changes in our valuation allowances offset by the tax consequences of unrealized gains on marketable securities; 2022 reflects the tax consequences of unrealized losses on marketable securities and favorable changes in our valuation allowances; 2023 reflects benefits from u.s. research tax credits and legal entity restructuring within our leasing operations and china.
earnings/(loss) per share reconciliation to adjusted earnings/(loss) per share
2021                      2022                    2023
diluted after-tax results ($m)
diluted after-tax results (gaap)                                                                                                $17,937                  $(1,981)                  $4,347
less: impact of pre-tax and tax special items (a)                                                                                11,507                   (9,599)                 (3,786)
adjusted net income/(loss) - diluted (non-gaap)                                                                                  $6,430                    $7,618                  $8,133
basic and diluted shares (m)
basic shares (average shares outstanding)                                                                                         3,991                     4,014                   3,998
net dilutive options, unvested restricted stock units, unvested restricted stock shares, and convertible debt                        43                        42                      43
diluted shares                                                                                                                    4,034                     4,056                   4,041
earnings/(loss) per share - diluted (gaap) (b)                                                                                    $4.45                   $(0.49)                   $1.08
less: net impact of adjustments                                                                                                    2.86                    (2.37)                  (0.93)
adjusted earnings per share - diluted (non-gaap)                                                                                  $1.59                     $1.88                   $2.01
_________
(a)includes adjustment for noncontrolling interest in 2023.
(b)in 2022, there were 42 million shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings/(loss) per share, due to their anti-dilutive effect.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
effective tax rate reconciliation to adjusted effective tax rate
2021                       2022                     2023
pre-tax results ($m)
income/(loss) before income taxes (gaap)                                          $17,780                   $(3,016)                   $3,967
less: impact of special items                                                       9,583                   (12,172)                  (5,147)
adjusted earnings before taxes (non-gaap)                                          $8,197                     $9,156                   $9,114
taxes ($m)
(provision for)/benefit from income taxes (gaap) (a)                                 $130                       $864                     $362
less: impact of special items (b)                                                   1,924                      2,573                    1,273
adjusted (provision for)/benefit from income taxes (non-gaap)                    $(1,794)                   $(1,709)                   $(911)
tax rate (%)
effective tax rate (gaap) (a)                                                       (0.7)   %                   28.6   %                (9.1)   %
adjusted effective tax rate (non-gaap)                                               21.9   %                   18.7   %                 10.0   %
_________
(a)2023 reflects benefits from u.s. research tax credits and legal entity restructuring within our leasing operations and china.
(b)2021 reflects a benefit from recognizing deferred tax assets and favorable changes in our valuation allowances offset by the tax consequences of unrealized gains on marketable securities; 2022 reflects the tax consequences of unrealized losses on marketable securities and favorable changes in our valuation allowances; 2023 reflects benefits from china legal entity restructuring.
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities reconciliation to company adjusted free cash flow ($m)
2021                      2022                      2023
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (gaap)                        $15,787                    $6,853                   $14,918
less: items not included in company adjusted free cash flows ford credit operating cash flows                                                  $15,293                  $(5,416)                    $1,180
funded pension contributions                                                        (773)                     (567)                     (592)
restructuring (including separations) (a)                                         (1,855)                     (835)                   (1,025)
ford credit tax payments/(refunds) under tax sharing agreement                         15                       147                       169
other, net                                                                          (421)                      (58)                       240
add: items included in company adjusted free cash flows company excluding ford credit capital spending                                   $(6,183)                  $(6,511)                  $(8,152)
ford credit distributions                                                           7,500                     2,100                         -
settlement of derivatives                                                           (255)                      (90)                         7
company adjusted free cash flow (non-gaap)                                         $4,590                    $9,081                    $6,801
__________
(a)restructuring excludes cash flows reported in investing activities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2023 supplemental information the tables below provide supplemental consolidating financial information and other financial information. company excluding ford credit includes our ford blue, ford model e, ford pro, and ford next reportable segments, corporate other, interest on debt, and special items. eliminations, where presented, primarily represent eliminations of intersegment transactions and deferred tax netting.
selected cash flow information. the following tables provide supplemental cash flow information (in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2023
cash flows from operating activities                                                                                     company excluding ford credit                   ford credit               eliminations                           consolidated net income/(loss)                                                                                                                   $2,996                              $1,333                     $-                                    $4,329
depreciation and tooling amortization                                                                                                5,336                               2,354                     -                                      7,690
other amortization                                                                                                                      28                             (1,195)                     -                                    (1,167)
provision for/(benefit from) credit and insurance losses                                                                               107                                 331                     -                                        438
pension and opeb expense/(income)                                                                                                    3,052                                   -                     -                                      3,052
equity method investment dividends received in excess of (earnings)/losses and impairments                                            (29)                                 (4)                     -                                       (33)
foreign currency adjustments                                                                                                          (49)                               (185)                     -                                      (234)
net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other investments                           236                                (31)                     -                                        205
net (gain)/loss on changes in investments in affiliates                                                                                (9)                                   -                     -                                        (9)
stock compensation                                                                                                                     446                                  14                     -                                        460
provision for/(benefit from) deferred income taxes                                                                                 (1,032)                               (617)                     -                                    (1,649)
decrease/(increase) in finance receivables (wholesale and other)                                                                         -                             (4,827)                     -                                    (4,827)
decrease/(increase) in intersegment receivables/payables                                                                               167                               (167)                     -                                          -
decrease/(increase) in accounts receivable and other assets                                                                        (2,512)                               (108)                     -                                    (2,620)
decrease/(increase) in inventory                                                                                                   (1,219)                                   -                     -                                    (1,219)
increase/(decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                                            9,602                                 227                     -                                      9,829
other                                                                                                                                  539                                 134                     -                                        673
interest supplements and residual value support to ford credit                                                                     (3,921)                               3,921                     -                                          -
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                                                                $13,738                              $1,180                     $-                                   $14,918
cash flows from investing activities capital spending                                                           $(8,156)            $(80)            $-         $(8,236)
acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases                   -                (54,505)            -          (54,505)
collections of finance receivables and operating leases                    -                  44,561            -            44,561
purchases of marketable securities and other investments                   (6,551)           (2,039)            -           (8,590)
sales and maturities of marketable securities and other investments        9,895               2,805            -            12,700
settlements of derivatives                                                 7                   (145)            -             (138)
capital contributions to equity method investments                         (2,733)                 -            -           (2,733)
other                                                                      (687)                   -            -             (687)
investing activity (to)/from other segments                                -                     (3)   3                          -
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                        $(8,225)         $(9,406)            $3        $(17,628)
cash flows from financing activities cash payments for dividends and dividend equivalents                                      $(4,995)            $-   $-           $(4,995)
purchases of common stock                                                                    (335)             -   -               (335)
net changes in short-term debt                                                               (115)       (1,424)   -             (1,539)
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                         -        51,659   -              51,659
payments on long-term debt                                                                   (212)      (41,753)   -            (41,965)
other                                                                                        (102)         (139)   -               (241)
financing activity to/(from) other segments                                                      3             -   (3)                 -
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                       $(5,756)        $8,343   $(3)           $2,584
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash              $(262)          $158   $-             $(104)
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected income statement information. the following table provides supplemental income statement information (in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2023
company excluding ford credit                      ford credit                        consolidated revenues                                                                          $165,901                                $10,290                           $176,191
total costs and expenses                                                           161,252                                  9,481                            170,733
operating income/(loss)                                                              4,649                                    809                              5,458
interest expense on company debt excluding ford credit                               1,302                                      -                              1,302
other income/(loss), net                                                           (1,093)                                    490                              (603)
equity in net income/(loss) of affiliated companies                                    382                                     32         414
income/(loss) before income taxes                                                    2,636                                  1,331                              3,967
provision for/(benefit from) income taxes                                            (360)                                    (2)                              (362)
net income/(loss)                                                                    2,996                                  1,333                              4,329
less: income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                          (18)                                      -                               (18)
net income/(loss) attributable to ford motor company                                $3,014                                 $1,333                             $4,347
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected balance sheet information. the following tables provide supplemental balance sheet information (in millions):
december 31, 2023
assets                                                 company excluding                  ford credit            eliminations                        consolidated ford credit cash and cash equivalents                                $14,204                        $10,658                  $-                                $24,862
marketable securities                                     14,520                            789                  -                                  15,309
ford credit finance receivables, net                           -                         46,425                  -                                  46,425
trade and other receivables, net                           5,771                          9,830                  -                                  15,601
inventories                                               15,651                              -                  -                                  15,651
other assets                                               2,658                            975                  -                                   3,633
receivable from other segments                             1,716                          1,773                  (3,489)                                 -
total current assets                                      54,520                         70,450                  (3,489)                           121,481
ford credit finance receivables, net                           -                         55,650                  -                                  55,650
net investment in operating leases                         1,052                         20,332                  -                                  21,384
net property                                              40,551                            270                  -                                  40,821
equity in net assets of affiliated companies               5,431                            117                  -                                   5,548
deferred income taxes                                     16,795                            190                  -                                  16,985
other assets                                               9,959                          1,482                  -                                  11,441
receivable from other segments                                 -                             30                  (30)                                    -
total assets                                            $128,308                       $148,521                  $(3,519)                         $273,310
liabilities payables                                                                     $25,092                   $900   $-                         $25,992
other liabilities and deferred revenue                                        23,273                  2,597   -                           25,870
company excluding ford credit debt payable within one year                       477                      -   -             477
ford credit debt payable within one year                                           -                 49,192   -                           49,192
payable to other segments                                                      3,373                    116   (3,489)                          -
total current liabilities                                                     52,215                 52,805   (3,489)                    101,531
other liabilities and deferred revenue                                        26,519                  1,895   -                           28,414
company excluding ford credit long-term debt                                  19,467                      -   -                           19,467
ford credit long-term debt                                                         -                 80,095   -                           80,095
deferred income taxes                                                            668                    337   -                            1,005
payable to other segments                                                         30                      -   (30)                             -
total liabilities                                                            $98,899               $135,132   $(3,519)                  $230,512
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected other information.
equity. at december 31, 2022, total equity attributable to ford was $43.2 billion, a decrease of $5.3 billion compared with december 31, 2021. at december 31, 2023, total equity attributable to ford was $42.8 billion, a decrease of $0.4 billion compared with december 31, 2022. the detail for the changes is shown below (in billions):
2022 vs 2021 increase/(decrease)                2023 vs 2022 increase/(decrease)
net income/(loss)                                                                        $(2.0)                                            $4.3
shareholder distributions (a)                                                             (2.5)                                           (5.4)
other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                         (1.0)                                             0.3
adoption of accounting standards                                                              -                                               -
common stock issued (including share-based compensation impacts)                            0.2                                             0.4
total                                                                                    $(5.3)                                          $(0.4)
________
(a)includes cash dividends, dividend equivalents, and anti-dilutive share repurchases.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and (2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements.
warranties and field service actions nature of estimates required. we provide base warranties on the products we sell for specific periods of time and/or mileage, which vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale. separately, we also periodically perform field service actions related to safety recalls, emission recalls, and other product campaigns. pursuant to these warranties and field service actions, we will repair, replace, or adjust parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship.  we accrue the estimated cost of both base warranty coverages and field service actions at the time of sale. in addition, from time to time, we issue extended warranties at our expense, the estimated cost of which is accrued at the time of issuance.
assumptions and approach used. we establish our estimate of base warranty obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each vehicle line by model year. we reevaluate our estimate of base warranty obligations on a regular basis. experience has shown that initial data for any given model year may be volatile; therefore, our process relies on long-term historical averages until sufficient data are available. with actual experience, we use the data to update the historical averages. we then compare the resulting accruals with present spending rates to assess whether the balances are adequate to meet expected future obligations. based on this data, we update our estimates as necessary.
field service actions may occur in periods beyond the base warranty coverage period. we establish our estimates of field service action obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, severity, and average cost of claims for each model year. we assess our obligation for field service actions on a regular basis using actual claims experience and update our estimates as necessary.
due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the factors used in establishing our estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. see note 25 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding warranty and field service action costs.
pensions and other postretirement employee benefits nature of estimates required. the estimation of our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations and expenses requires that we make use of estimates of the present value of the projected future payments to all participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events, such as demographic experience and health care cost increases. plan obligations and expenses are based on existing retirement plan provisions. no assumption is made regarding any potential future changes to benefit provisions beyond those to which we are presently committed (e.g., in existing labor contracts).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions and approach used. the assumptions used in developing the required estimates include the following key factors:
discount rates. our discount rate assumptions are based primarily on the results of cash flow matching analyses, which match the future cash outflows for each major plan to a yield curve based on high-quality bonds specific to the country of the plan. benefit payments are discounted at the rates on the curve to determine the year-end obligations.
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our expected long-term rate of return considers inputs from a range of advisors for capital market returns, adjusted for specific aspects of our investment strategy by plan. historical returns also are considered when appropriate. the assumption is based on consideration of all inputs, with a focus on long-term trends to avoid short-term market influences.
salary growth. our salary growth assumption reflects our actual experience, long-term outlook, and assumed inflation.
inflation. our inflation assumption is based on an evaluation of external market indicators, including real gross domestic product growth and central bank inflation targets.
expected contributions. our expected amount and timing of contributions are based on an assessment of minimum requirements, cash availability, and other considerations (e.g., funded status, avoidance of regulatory premiums and levies, and tax efficiency).
retirement rates. retirement rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
mortality rates. mortality rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
health care cost trends. our health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
assumptions are set at each year-end and are generally not changed during the year unless there is a major plan event, such as a curtailment or settlement that would trigger a plan remeasurement.
see note 17 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding pension and opeb costs and assumptions.
pension plans effect of actual results. the year-end 2023 weighted average discount rate was 5.17% for u.s. plans and 3.98% for non-u.s. plans, reflecting decreases of 34 and 44 basis points, respectively, compared with year-end 2022. in 2023, the u.s. actual return on assets was 7.41%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.25%. non-u.s. actual return on assets was 5.56%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 4.13%. the higher returns are explained primarily by gains on fixed income assets. in total, lower discount rates compared to year-end 2022, partially offset by asset gains in excess of our assumptions resulted in a net remeasurement loss of $1.8 billion, which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
for 2024, the expected long-term rate of return on assets is 5.93% for u.s. plans, down 32 basis points from 2023, reflecting lower capital market return expectations, and 4.53% for non-u.s. plans, up 40 basis points compared with a year ago, reflecting return expectations in those markets and a higher return seeking mix for certain plans.
de-risking strategy. we employ a broad de-risking strategy for our global funded plans that increases the matching characteristics of our assets relative to our obligation as funded status improves. changes in interest rates, which directly influence changes in discount rates, in addition to other factors have a significant impact on the value of our pension obligation and fixed income asset portfolio. our de-risking strategy has increased the allocation to fixed income investments and reduced our funded status sensitivity to changes in interest rates. changes in interest rates should result in offsetting effects in the value of our pension obligation and the value of the fixed income asset portfolio.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity analysis. the december 31, 2023 pension funded status and 2024 expense are affected by year-end 2023 assumptions. sensitivities to these assumptions may be asymmetric and are specific to the time periods noted. the effects of changes in the factors that generally have the largest impact on year-end funded status and pension expense are discussed below.
discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our obligations and fixed income assets. the table below estimates the effect on our funded status of an increase/decrease in discount rates and interest rates (in millions):
basis                                                  increase/(decrease) indecember 31, 2023 funded status point change factor                                                         u.s. plans                                       non-u.s. plans discount rate - obligation                +/- 100 bps                                  $2,900/$(3,400)                                 $2,700/$(3,400)
interest rate - fixed income assets       +/- 100                                        (2,800)/3,200                                   (1,800)/2,200
net impact on funded status                                                                $100/$(200)                                   $900/$(1,200)
the fixed income asset sensitivity shown excludes other fixed income return components (e.g., changes in credit spreads, bond coupon and active management excess returns), and growth asset returns. other factors that affect net funded status (e.g., contributions) are not reflected.
interest rates and the expected long-term rate of return on assets have the largest effect on pension expense. these assumptions are generally set at each year-end for expense recorded throughout the following year. the table below estimates the effect on pension expense of a higher/lower assumption for these factors (in millions):
basis                                                                  increase/(decrease) in point change                                                             2024 pension expense factor                                                                     u.s. plans                              non-u.s. plans interest rate - service cost and interest cost        +/- 25 bps                                   $25/$(25)                              $15/$(15)
expected long-term rate of return on assets           +/- 25                                         (75)/75                                (55)/55
the effect of changing multiple factors simultaneously cannot be calculated by combining the individual sensitivities. the sensitivity of pension expense to a change in discount rate assumptions may not be linear.
other postretirement employee benefits effect of actual results. the weighted average discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for worldwide opeb plans at december 31, 2023 was 5.10%, compared with 5.48% at december 31, 2022, resulting in a worldwide net remeasurement loss of $286 million, which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
sensitivity analysis. discount rates and interest rates have the largest effect on our opeb obligation and expense. the table below estimates the effect on 2024 opeb expense of higher/lower assumptions for these factors (in millions):
worldwide opeb basis                (increase)/decrease                    increase/(decrease)
point change         2023 ye obligation                     2024 expense factor discount rate - obligation                            +/- 100 bps          $450/$(540)                            n/a interest rate - service cost and interest cost        +/- 25               n/a                                    $5/$(5)
income taxes nature of estimates required. we must make estimates and apply judgment in determining the provision for income taxes for financial reporting purposes. we make these estimates and judgments primarily in the following areas: (i) the calculation of tax credits, (ii) the calculation of differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax reporting and financial statement purposes, as well as (iii) the calculation of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. changes in these estimates and judgments may result in a material increase or decrease to our tax provision, which would be recorded in the period in which the change occurs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions and approach used. we are subject to the income tax laws and regulations of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws and regulations are complex and involve uncertainties in the application to our facts and circumstances that may be open to interpretation. we recognize benefits for these uncertain tax positions based upon a process that requires judgment regarding the technical application of the laws, regulations, and various related judicial opinions. if, in our judgment, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that the uncertain tax position will be settled favorably for us, we estimate an amount that ultimately will be realized. this process is inherently subjective since it requires our assessment of the probability of future outcomes. we evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, including consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. changes to our estimate of the amount to be realized are recorded in our provision for income taxes during the period in which the change occurred.
we must also assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income and reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
this assessment, which is completed on a taxing jurisdiction basis, takes into account various types of evidence, including the following:
nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative financial reporting losses. a pattern of objectively measured recent financial reporting losses is heavily weighted as a source of negative evidence. we generally consider cumulative pre-tax losses in the three-year period ending with the current quarter to be significant negative evidence regarding future profitability. we also consider the strength and trend of earnings, as well as other relevant factors. in certain circumstances, historical information may not be as relevant due to changes in our business operations;
sources of future taxable income. future reversals of existing temporary differences are heavily weighted sources of objectively verifiable positive evidence. projections of future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences are a source of positive evidence only when the projections are combined with a history of recent profits and can be reasonably estimated. otherwise, these projections are considered inherently subjective and generally will not be sufficient to overcome negative evidence that includes relevant cumulative losses in recent years, particularly if the projected future taxable income is dependent on an anticipated turnaround to profitability that has not yet been achieved. in such cases, we generally give these projections of future taxable income no weight for the purposes of our valuation allowance assessment; and
tax planning strategies. if necessary and available, tax planning strategies could be implemented to accelerate taxable amounts to utilize expiring carryforwards. these strategies would be a source of additional positive evidence and, depending on their nature, could be heavily weighted.
in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider the trade-offs between cash preservation and cash outlays to preserve tax credits. we presently believe that global valuation allowances of $4.2 billion are required and that we ultimately will recover the remaining $16 billion of deferred tax assets. however, the ultimate realization of our deferred tax assets is subject to a number of variables, including our future profitability within relevant tax jurisdictions, and future tax planning and the related effects on our cash and liquidity position. accordingly, our valuation allowances may increase or decrease in future periods.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
impairment of long-lived assets asset groups are tested at the level of the smallest identifiable group of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. asset groupings for impairment analysis are reevaluated when events occur, such as changes in organizational structure and management reporting. following the organizational and segment structure change in the beginning of 2023, our asset groups are: ford blue north america, ford blue europe, ford blue rest of world, ford model e, ford pro, ford credit, and ford next.
nature of estimates required - held-and-used long-lived assets.  we test our long-lived asset groups when changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable. events that trigger a test for recoverability include material adverse changes in projected revenues or expenses, present cash flow losses combined with a history of cash flow losses and a forecast that demonstrates significant continuing losses, significant negative industry or economic trends (including a substantial shift in consumer preference), a current expectation that a long-lived asset group will be disposed of significantly before the end of its useful life, a significant adverse change in the manner in which an asset group is used or in its physical condition, or when there is a change in the asset grouping. in addition, investing in new, emerging products (e.g., evs) or services (e.g., connectivity) may require substantial upfront investment, which may result in initial forecasted negative cash flows in the near term. in these instances, near-term negative cash flows on their own may not be indicative of a triggering event for evaluation of impairment. in such circumstances, we also conduct a qualitative evaluation of the business growth trajectory, which includes updating our assessment of when positive cash flows are expected to be generated, confirming whether established milestones are being achieved, and assessing our ability and intent to continue to access required funding to execute the plan. if this evaluation indicates a triggering event has occurred, a test for recoverability is performed.
when a triggering event occurs, a test for recoverability is performed, comparing projected undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset group. if the undiscounted forecasted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the asset group's fair value is measured relying primarily on a discounted cash flow method. to the extent available, we will also consider third-party valuations of our long-lived assets that were prepared for other business purposes. an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. when an impairment loss is recognized for assets to be held and used, the adjusted carrying amounts of those assets are depreciated over their remaining useful life.
assumptions and approach used - held-and-used long-lived assets. the fair value of an asset group is determined from the perspective of a market-participant considering, among other things, appropriate discount rates, valuation techniques, the most advantageous market, and assumptions about the highest and best use of the asset group.
we measure the fair value of an asset group based on market prices (i.e., the amount for which the asset could be sold to a third party) when available. when market prices are not available, we generally estimate the fair value of the asset group using the income approach and/or the market approach. the income approach uses cash flow projections. inherent in our development of cash flow projections are assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our operating results, business plan forecasts, expected growth rates, and cost of capital, similar to those a market participant would use to assess fair value. we also make certain assumptions about future economic conditions and other data. many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management, and these assumptions and estimates may change in future periods.
changes in assumptions or estimates can materially affect the fair value measurement of an asset group and, therefore, can affect the test results. the following are key assumptions we use in making cash flow projections:
business projections. we make assumptions about the demand for our products in the marketplace. these assumptions drive our planning assumptions for volume, mix, and pricing. we also make assumptions about our cost levels (e.g., capacity utilization, cost performance). these projections are derived using our internal business plan forecasts that are updated at least annually and reviewed by our board of directors.
long-term growth rate. a growth rate is used to calculate the terminal value of the business and is added to the present value of the debt-free interim cash flows. the growth rate is the expected rate at which an asset group's earnings stream is projected to grow beyond the planning period.
discount rate. when measuring possible impairment, future cash flows are discounted at a rate that is consistent with a weighted-average cost of capital that we anticipate a potential market participant would use. weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall risk-adjusted pre-tax rate of return expected by equity and debt holders of a business enterprise.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
economic projections. assumptions regarding general economic conditions are included in and affect our assumptions regarding industry sales and pricing estimates for our vehicles. these macroeconomic assumptions include, but are not limited to, industry sales volumes, inflation, interest rates, prices of raw materials (e.g., commodities), and foreign currency exchange rates.
the market approach is another method for measuring the fair value of an asset group. this approach relies on the market value (i.e., market capitalization) of companies that are engaged in the same or a similar line of business as the asset group being evaluated. in addition, to the extent available we also consider third-party valuations that were prepared for other business purposes.
during 2023, we identified triggering events related to our ford blue europe asset group. in each situation in which we experienced a triggering event during the year, we tested our long-lived assets for impairment using our internal economic and business projections, and determined that the carrying values of the long-lived assets were recoverable. if, in future quarters, our economic or business projections were to change as a result of an update to our plans, a deterioration of the economic or business environment, a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used, or an expectation that a long-lived asset group will be disposed of significantly before the end of its useful life, we would undertake additional testing, as appropriate, which could result in an impairment of long-lived assets.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents ford credit's estimate of the expected lifetime credit losses inherent in finance receivables as of the balance sheet date. the adequacy of ford credit's allowance for credit losses is assessed quarterly, and the assumptions and models used in establishing the allowance are evaluated regularly. because credit losses can vary substantially over time, estimating credit losses requires a number of assumptions about matters that are uncertain. changes in assumptions affect ford credit interest, operating, and other expenses on our consolidated income statements and the allowance for credit losses contained within ford credit finance receivables, net on our consolidated balance sheets. see note 10 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding allowance for credit losses.
nature of estimates required. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses for receivables that share similar risk characteristics based on a collective assessment using a combination of measurement models and management judgment. the models consider factors such as historical trends in credit losses, recent portfolio performance, and forward-looking macroeconomic conditions. the models vary by portfolio and receivable type including consumer finance receivables, wholesale loans, and dealer loans. if ford credit does not believe the models reflect lifetime expected credit losses for the portfolio, an adjustment is made to reflect management judgment regarding qualitative factors, including economic uncertainty, observable changes in portfolio performance, and other relevant factors.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions used. ford credit's allowance for credit losses is based on its assumptions regarding:
probability of default. the expected probability of payment and time to default, which include assumptions about macroeconomic factors and recent performance; and
loss given default. the percentage of the expected balance due at default that is not recoverable. the loss given default takes into account expected collateral value and future recoveries.
macroeconomic factors used in ford credit's models are country specific and include variables such as unemployment rates, personal bankruptcy filings, housing prices, and gross domestic product.
sensitivity analysis. changes in the probability of default and loss given default assumptions would affect the allowance for credit losses. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln retail financing is as follows (in millions):
assumption                                basis point change              increase/(decrease)
probability of default (lifetime)         +/- 100 bps                             $230/$(230)
loss given default                        +/- 100                                     10/(10)
accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases reduces the value of the leased vehicles in ford credit's operating lease portfolio from their original acquisition value to their expected residual value at the end of the lease term.
ford credit monitors residual values each month, and it reviews the adequacy of accumulated depreciation on a quarterly basis. if ford credit believes that the expected residual values for its vehicles have changed, it revises depreciation to ensure that net investment in operating leases (equal to the acquisition value of the vehicles less accumulated depreciation) will be adjusted to reflect ford credit's revised estimate of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. adjustments to depreciation expense result in a change in the depreciation rates of the vehicles subject to operating leases and are recorded prospectively on a straight-line basis.
generally, lease customers have the option to buy the leased vehicle at the end of the lease or to return the vehicle to the dealer.
nature of estimates required.  each operating lease in ford credit's portfolio represents a vehicle it owns that has been leased to a customer. at the time ford credit purchases a lease, it establishes an expected residual value for the vehicle. ford credit estimates the expected residual value by evaluating recent auction values, return volumes for its leased vehicles, industrywide used vehicle prices, marketing incentive plans, and vehicle quality data.
assumptions used. ford credit's accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases is based on assumptions regarding:
auction value. ford credit's projection of the market value of the vehicles when sold at the end of the lease; and
return volume. ford credit's projection of the number of vehicles that will be returned at lease-end.
see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity analysis. for returned vehicles, ford credit faces a risk that the amount it obtains from the vehicle sold at auction will be less than its estimate of the expected residual value for the vehicle. the impact of the change in assumptions on future auction values and return volumes would increase or decrease accumulated supplemental depreciation and depreciation expense over the remaining terms of the operating leases; however, the impact may be tempered or exacerbated based on future auction values in relation to the purchase price specified in the lease contract. a change in the assumption for an auction value will impact ford credit's estimate of accumulated supplemental depreciation if the future auction value is lower than the purchase price specified in the lease contract. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions):
assumption                    basis pointchange       increase/(decrease)
future auction values         +/- 100 bps             $(20)/$20
return volumes                +/- 100                 5/(5)
adjustments to the amount of accumulated supplemental depreciation on operating leases are reflected on our balance sheets as net investment in operating leases and on our income statements in ford credit interest, operating, and other expenses.
accounting standards issued but not yet adopted for a discussion of recent accounting standards, see note 3 of the notes to the financial statements.
