item 1a. risk factors the nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. the following is a summary of some of the material risks relating to our business activities. other risks are described in item 1. "business and properties," item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk." these risks are not the only risks we face. we could also face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. if any of these risks actually occurs, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and the trading price of our shares could decline.
the following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results:
risks related to the oil and natural gas industry and our business
•market conditions and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas may continue to adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves.
•our commodity price derivatives could result in financial losses, may fail to protect us from declines in commodity prices, prevent us from fully benefiting from commodity price increases and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty credit risk.
•the ira and other risks relating to climate change could accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy and could impose new costs on our operations that may have a material and adverse effect on us.
•climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives may have other adverse effects, such as a greater potential for governmental investigations or litigation.
•we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all to fund our acquisitions or development activities, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves and future production.
•our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate pending and future acquisitions of properties or businesses could reduce our earnings, and title defects in the properties in which we invest may lead to losses.
•our identified potential drilling locations are susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling.
•if production from our permian basin acreage decreases, we may fail to meet our obligations to deliver specified quantities of oil under our oil purchase contract, which may adversely affect our operations.
•the inability of one or more of our customers to meet their obligations, or loss of one or more of our significant purchasers, may adversely affect our financial results.
•our method of accounting for investments in oil and natural gas properties may result in impairment of asset value.
•any material inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.
•we are vulnerable to risks associated with our primary operations concentrated in a single geographic area.
•if transportation or other facilities, certain of which we do not control, or rigs, equipment, raw materials, oil services or personnel are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced.
•our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations which require compliance that can be burdensome and expensive and may impose restrictions on our operations.
•u.s. tax legislation, including recently adopted ira, may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
•drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high-risk activities with many uncertainties that may result in a total loss of investment and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
•a terrorist attack or armed conflict could harm our business and could adversely affect our business.
•a cyber incident could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
risks related to our indebtedness
•our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness, and we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future.
•implementing our capital programs may require, under some circumstances, an increase in our total leverage through additional debt issuances, and any significant reduction in availability under our revolving credit facility or inability to otherwise obtain financing for our capital programs could require us to curtail our capital expenditures.
•restrictive covenants in certain of our existing and future debt instruments may limit our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or pursue business opportunities.
•we depend on our subsidiaries for dividends and other payments.
•if we experience liquidity concerns, we could face a downgrade in our debt ratings which could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, current or future financings or trade credit.
•borrowings under our and viper llc's revolving credit facilities expose us to interest rate risk.
risks related to our common stock
•the corporate opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable affiliates of ours to benefit from corporate opportunities that might otherwise be available to us.
•the declaration of dividends and any repurchases of our common stock are each within the discretion of our board of directors, and there is no guarantee that we will pay any dividends on or repurchases of our common stock in the future or at levels anticipated by our stockholders.
•a change of control could limit our use of net operating losses.
•we may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock.
•provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law make it more difficult to effect a change in control of the company, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
risks related to the pending endeavor acquisition
•our ability to complete the endeavor acquisition is subject to various closing conditions, including approval by our stockholders and regulatory clearance, which may impose conditions that could adversely affect us or cause the endeavor acquisition not to be completed.
•the termination of the merger agreement could negatively impact our business or result in our having to pay a termination fee.
•whether or not the endeavor acquisition is completed, the announcement and pendency of the endeavor acquisition could cause disruptions in our business.
•combining our business with endeavor's may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected and the combined company may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the endeavor acquisition.
•we also expect to incur significant additional indebtedness in connection with the endeavor acquisition, which indebtedness may limit our operating or financial flexibility relative to our current position and make it difficult to satisfy our obligations with respect to our other indebtedness.
•the market value of our common stock could decline if large amounts of our common stock are sold following the endeavor acquisition.
•following the closing of the endeavor acquisition, the endeavor stockholders will have the ability to significantly influence our business, and their interest in our business may be different from that of other stockholders.
risks related to the oil and natural gas industry and our business market conditions for oil and natural gas, and particularly volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production and the present value of our estimated reserves.
our revenues, operating results, profitability, future rate of growth and the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. historically, oil and natural gas prices have been volatile and are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, including the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas; the level of prices and expectations about future prices of oil and natural gas; the level of global oil and natural gas exploration and production; the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; the price and quantity of foreign imports; political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, including the middle east, africa, south america and russia; the potential impact of the war in ukraine and the israel-hamas war on the global energy markets and macroeconomic conditions; the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military and other action, including u.s. military operations in the middle east; the ability of members of the opec+ to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; speculative trading in crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts; the level of consumer product demand; extreme weather conditions and other natural disasters; risks associated with operating drilling rigs; technological advances affecting energy consumption; the price and availability of alternative fuels; domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes, including the biden administration's energy and environmental policies; global or national health concerns, including the outbreak of pandemic or contagious disease; the proximity, cost, availability and capacity of oil and natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; and overall domestic and global economic conditions. our results of operations may also be adversely impacted by any future government rule, regulation or order that may impose production limits, as well as pipeline capacity and storage constraints, in the permian basin where we operate.
these factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. during 2023, 2022 and 2021, nymex wti prices ranged from $47.62 to $123.70 per bbl and the nymex henry hub price of natural gas ranged from $1.99 to $9.68 per mmbtu. if the prices of oil and natural gas decline, our operations, financial condition and level of expenditures for the development of our oil and natural gas reserves may be materially and adversely affected.
we expect to maintain our fourth quarter 2023 production levels in 2024. we cannot reasonably predict whether production levels will remain at current levels or the full extent of the impact of the events above and any subsequent recovery may have on our industry and our business.
if commodity prices fall below current levels, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. further, if commodity prices decrease, our production, proved reserves and cash flows will be adversely impacted. reductions in our reserves could also negatively impact the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility, which could limit our liquidity and ability to conduct additional exploration and development activities.
our commodity price derivatives could result in financial losses, may fail to protect us from declines in commodity prices, prevent us from fully benefiting from commodity price increases and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty credit risk.
we use commodity price derivatives, including swaps, basis swaps, swaptions, roll hedges, costless collars, puts and basis puts, to reduce price volatility associated with certain of our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas sales. currently, we have hedged a portion of our estimated 2024 and 2025 production. to the extent that the prices of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas remain at current levels or decline further, we may not be able to economically hedge additional future production at the same level as our current commodity price derivatives, and our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. while these commodity price derivatives are intended to mitigate risk from commodity price volatility, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in the prices of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas above the price levels of the commodity price derivatives used to manage price risk.
at settlement, market prices for commodities may exceed the contract prices in our commodity price derivatives agreements, resulting in our need to make significant cash payments to our counterparties. further, by using commodity derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to credit risk if we are in a positive position at contract settlement and the counterparty fails to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. we do not require collateral from our counterparties.
for additional information regarding our outstanding derivative contracts as of december 31, 2023, see note 12-derivatives in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk of this report.
the ira and other risks relating to climate change could accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy and could impose new costs on our operations that may have a material and adverse effect on us.
governmental and regulatory bodies, investors, consumers, industry and other stakeholders have been increasingly focused on climate change matters in recent years. this focus, together with changes in consumer and industrial/commercial behavior, preferences and attitudes with respect to the generation and consumption of energy, the use of hydrocarbons, and the use of products manufactured with, or powered by, hydrocarbons, may result in; (i) the enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives by governments, investors, and other companies, including alternative energy or "zero carbon" requirements and fuel or energy conservation measures; (ii) technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage and consumption of energy (including advances in wind, solar and hydrogen power, as well as battery technology); (iii) increased availability of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, energy sources other than oil and natural gas (including wind, solar, nuclear, and geothermal sources as well as electric vehicles); and (iv) development of, and increased demand from consumers and industry for, lower-emission products and services (including electric vehicles and renewable residential and commercial power supplies) as well as more efficient products and services.
any of these developments may reduce the demand for products manufactured with (or powered by) hydrocarbons and the demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell, which would likely have a material adverse impact on us.
if any of these developments reduce the desirability of participating in the oilfield services, midstream or downstream portions of the oil and gas industry, then these developments may also reduce the availability to us of necessary third-party services and facilities that we rely on, which could increase our operational costs and adversely affect our ability to explore for, produce, transport and process oil and natural gas and successfully carry out our business and financial strategy. the enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives may also result in increases in our compliance costs and other operating costs and have other adverse effects, such as a greater potential for governmental investigations or litigation.
in recent years, federal, state and local governments have taken steps to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. for example, the infrastructure investment and jobs act and the ira include billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles, investments in advanced biofuels and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration. also, the epa has proposed ambitious rules to reduce harmful air pollutant emissions, including greenhouse gases, from light-, medium-, and heavy-duty vehicles beginning in model year 2027. these incentives and regulations could accelerate the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives, which could decrease demand for, and in turn the prices of, the oil and natural gas that we produce and sell and adversely impact our business. in addition, the ira imposes the first ever federal fee on the emission of greenhouse gases through a methane emissions charge, which could increase our operating costs and thereby adversely impact our business, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition to potentially reducing demand for our oil and natural gas and potentially reducing the availability of oilfield services and midstream and downstream customers, any of these developments may also create reputational risks associated with the exploration for, and production of, hydrocarbons, which may adversely affect the availability and cost to us of capital. for example, a number of prominent investors have publicly announced their intention to no longer invest in the oil and gas sector in response to concerns related to climate change, and other financial institutions and investors may decide to do likewise in the future. if financial institutions and other investors refuse to invest in or provide capital to the oil and gas sector in the future because of these reputational risks, that could result in capital being unavailable to us, or only at significantly increased costs.
for further discussion regarding the risks to us of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives, please see the section entitled items 1 and 2. business and properties-regulation-climate change of this report.
continuing political and social concerns relating to climate change may result in significant litigation and related expenses.
increasing attention to global climate change has resulted in increased investor attention and an increased risk of public and private litigation, which could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect us. for example, shareholder activism has recently been increasing in our industry, and shareholders may attempt to effect changes to our business or governance to deal with climate change-related issues, whether by shareholder proposals, public campaigns, proxy solicitations or otherwise, which may result in significant management distraction and potentially significant expense.
additionally, cities, counties, and other governmental entities in several states in the u.s. have filed lawsuits against energy companies seeking damages allegedly associated with climate change. similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. if any such lawsuits were to be filed against us, we could incur substantial legal defense costs and, if any such litigation were adversely determined, we could incur substantial damages.
any of these climate change-related litigation risks could result in unexpected costs, negative sentiments about our company, disruptions in our operations, and increases to our operating expenses, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our targets related to sustainability and emissions reduction initiatives, including our public statements and disclosures regarding them, may expose us to numerous risks.
we have developed, and will continue to develop, targets related to our environmental, social and governance ("esg") initiatives, including our emissions reduction targets and strategy. statements in this and other reports we file with the sec and other public statements related to these initiatives reflect our current plans and expectations and are not a guarantee the targets will be achieved or achieved on the currently anticipated timeline. our ability to achieve our esg targets, including emissions reductions, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control, and failure to achieve our announced targets or comply with ethical, environmental or other standards, including reporting standards, may expose us to government enforcement actions or private litigation and adversely impact our business. further, our continuing efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on these targets may create additional operational risks and expenses and expose us to reputational, legal and other risks.
esg expectations, including both the matters in focus and the management of such matters, continue to evolve rapidly. for example, in addition to climate change, there is increasing attention on topics such as diversity and inclusion, human rights, and human and natural capital, in companies' own operations as well as their supply chains. in addition, perspectives on the efficacy of esg considerations continue to evolve, and we cannot currently predict how regulators', investors' and other stakeholders' views on esg matters may affect the regulatory and investment landscape and affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. if we do not, or are perceived to not, adapt or comply with investor or stakeholder expectations and standards on esg matters, we may suffer from reputational damage and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. any reputational damage associated with esg factors may also adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain employees and customers.
in march 2022, the sec proposed new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related risks and other information. to the extent this rule is finalized as proposed, we and/or our customers could incur increased costs related to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related information. enhanced climate disclosure requirements could also accelerate any trend by certain stakeholders and capital providers to restrict or seek more stringent conditions with respect to their financing of certain carbon intensive sectors.
investor and regulatory focus on esg matters continues to increase. if our esg initiatives do not meet our investors' or other stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards, investment in our stock may be viewed as less attractive and our reputation, contractual, employment and other business relationships may be adversely impacted.
conservation measures and technological advances could reduce demand for oil and natural gas.
fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives to oil and natural gas, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could reduce demand for oil and natural gas. the impact of the changing demand for oil and natural gas services and products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a significant portion of our net leasehold acreage is undeveloped, and that acreage may not ultimately be developed or become commercially productive, which could cause us to lose rights under our leases as well as have a material adverse effect on our oil and natural gas reserves and future production and, therefore, our future cash flow and income.
a significant portion of our net leasehold acreage is undeveloped, or acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. in addition, many of our oil and natural gas leases require us to drill wells that are commercially productive and to maintain the production in paying quantities, and if we are unsuccessful in drilling such wells and maintaining such production, we could lose our rights under such leases. our future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, our future cash flow and income are highly dependent on successfully developing our undeveloped leasehold acreage.
our development and exploration operations and our ability to complete acquisitions require substantial capital and we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves.
the oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. we make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business and operations for the exploration for and development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. in 2023, our total capital expenditures, including expenditures for drilling, completion, infrastructure and additions to midstream assets, were approximately $2.7 billion. our 2024 capital budget for drilling, completion and infrastructure, including investments in water disposal infrastructure and gathering line projects, is currently estimated to be approximately $2.30 billion to $2.55 billion, representing a decrease of 10% from our 2023 capital expenditures. since completing our initial public offering in october 2012, we have financed capital expenditures primarily with borrowings under our revolving credit facility, cash generated by operations and the net proceeds from public offerings of our common stock and our senior notes.
we intend to finance our future capital expenditures with cash flow from operations, while future acquisitions may also be funded from operations as well as proceeds from offerings of our debt and equity securities and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including our proved reserves; the volume of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from existing wells; the prices at which our oil and natural gas are sold; our ability to acquire, locate and produce economically new reserves; and our ability to borrow under our credit facility.
we cannot assure you that our operations and other capital resources will provide cash in sufficient amounts to maintain planned or future levels of capital expenditures. further, our actual capital expenditures in 2024 could exceed our capital expenditure budget. in the event our capital expenditure requirements at any time are greater than the amount of capital we have available, we could be required to seek additional sources of capital, which may include traditional reserve base borrowings, debt financing, joint venture partnerships, production payment financings, sales of assets, offerings of debt or equity securities or other means. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us, or at all.
if we are unable to fund our capital requirements or our costs of capital increase, we may be required to curtail our operations relating to the exploration and development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a possible loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves, or we may be otherwise unable to implement our development plan, complete acquisitions or take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our production, revenues and results of operations. in addition, a delay in or the failure to complete proposed or future infrastructure projects could delay or eliminate potential efficiencies and related cost savings.
our success depends on finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves.
our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable. our proved reserves will generally decline as reserves are depleted, except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both. to increase reserves and production, we undertake development, exploration and other replacement activities or use third parties to accomplish these activities. if we are unable to replace our current production, the value of our reserves will decrease, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. furthermore, although our revenues may increase if prevailing oil and natural gas prices increase significantly, our finding and development costs for additional reserves could also increase.
our failure to successfully identify, complete and integrate pending and future acquisitions of properties or businesses could reduce our earnings and slow our growth.
there is intense competition for acquisition opportunities in our industry. the successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including recoverable reserves, future oil and natural gas prices and their applicable differentials, operating costs, and potential environmental and other liabilities.
the accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain, and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. in connection with these assessments, we perform a review of the subject properties that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. our review will not reveal all existing or potential problems, including title defects or environmental issues, nor will it permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. inspections may not always be performed on every well, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. even when problems are identified, the seller may be unwilling or unable to provide effective contractual protection against all or part of the problems. even if we do identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms.
competition for acquisitions may increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. if these acquisitions include geographic regions in which we do not currently operate, we could be subject to unforeseen operating difficulties and difficulties in coordinating geographically dispersed operations, personnel and facilities. in addition, if we enter into new geographic markets, we may be subject to additional and unfamiliar legal and regulatory requirements. compliance with regulatory requirements may impose substantial additional obligations on us and our management, cause us to expend additional time and resources in compliance activities and increase our exposure to penalties or fines for non-compliance with such additional legal requirements. further, the success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to integrate effectively the acquired business into our existing operations. the process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. in addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those paid for earlier acquisitions.
any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. our financial position and results of operations may also fluctuate significantly from period to period, based on whether or not significant acquisitions are completed in particular periods.
our identified potential drilling locations, which are part of our anticipated future drilling plans, are susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling.
drilling for oil and natural gas often involves unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient oil or natural gas to return a profit at then realized prices after deducting drilling, operating and other costs.
as of december 31, 2023, we have approximately 7,905 gross (5,826 net) identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations in multiple horizons on our acreage at an assumed price of approximately $50.00 per bbl wti. as of december 31, 2023, only 802 of our gross identified economic potential horizontal drilling locations were attributed to proved reserves. these drilling locations, including those without proved undeveloped reserves, represent a significant part of our growth strategy. our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including the availability of capital, construction of infrastructure, unusual or unexpected geological formations, title problems, facility or equipment malfunctions, unexpected operational events, inclement weather, environmental and other regulatory requirements and approvals, oil and natural gas prices, costs, drilling results and the availability of water. further, our identified potential drilling locations are in various stages of evaluation, ranging from locations that are ready to drill to locations that will require substantial additional interpretation. in addition, as of december 31, 2023, we have identified approximately 2,561 horizontal drilling locations in intervals in which we have drilled very few or no wells, which are necessarily more speculative and based on results from other operators whose acreage may not be consistent with ours. we cannot predict in advance of drilling and testing whether any particular drilling location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover drilling or completion costs or to be economically viable. the use of technologies and the study of producing fields in the same area will not enable us to know conclusively prior to drilling whether oil or natural gas will be present or, if present, whether oil or natural gas will be present in sufficient quantities to be economically viable. even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we may damage the potentially productive hydrocarbon bearing formation or experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well, possibly resulting in a reduction in production from the well or abandonment of the well. if we drill additional wells that we identify as dry holes in our current and future drilling locations, our drilling success rate may decline and materially harm our business. through december 31, 2023, we are the operator of, have participated in, or have acquired working interest in a total of 3,356 horizontal producing wells completed on our acreage. we cannot assure you that the analogies we draw from available data from these or other wells, more fully explored locations or producing fields will be applicable to our drilling locations. further, initial production rates reported by us or other operators in the permian basin may not be indicative of future or long-term production rates. because of these uncertainties, we do not know if the potential drilling locations we have identified will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce oil or natural gas from these or any other potential drilling locations. as such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified, which could adversely affect our business.
our acreage must be drilled before lease expiration, generally within three to five years, in order to hold the acreage by production. in a highly competitive market for acreage, failure to drill sufficient wells to hold acreage may result in a substantial lease renewal cost or, if renewal is not feasible, loss of our lease and prospective drilling opportunities.
leases on oil and natural gas properties typically have a term of three to five years, after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, production is established within the spacing units covering the undeveloped acres. the cost to renew such leases may increase significantly, and we may not be able to renew such leases on commercially reasonable terms or at all. any reduction in our current drilling program, either through a reduction in capital expenditures or the unavailability of drilling rigs, could result in the loss of acreage through lease expirations. any non-renewal or other loss of leases could materially and adversely affect the growth of our asset basis, cash flows and results of operations.
if production from our permian basin acreage decreases due to decreased developmental activities, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may fail to meet our obligations to deliver specified quantities of oil under our oil purchase contracts, which will result in deficiency payments to the counterparty and may have an adverse effect on our operations.
we are a party to long-term crude oil agreements under which, subject to certain terms and conditions, we are obligated to deliver specified quantities of oil to our counterparties. our maximum delivery obligation under these agreements varies for different periods and depends in some cases upon certain conditions beyond our control. if production from our permian basin acreage decreases due to reduced developmental activities, as a result of the low commodity price environment, production related difficulties or otherwise, we may be unable to meet our obligations under our oil purchase agreements, which may result in deficiency payments to certain counterparties or a default under such agreements and may have an adverse effect on our company.
the inability of one or more of our customers to meet their obligations may adversely affect our financial results.
in addition to credit risk related to receivables from commodity derivative contracts, our principal exposure to credit risk is through receivables from joint interest owners on properties we operate (approximately $122 million at december 31, 2023) and receivables from purchasers of our oil and natural gas production (approximately $654 million at december 31, 2023). joint interest receivables arise from billing entities that own partial interests in the wells we operate. these entities participate in our wells primarily based on their ownership in leases on which we wish to drill. we are generally unable to control which co-owners participate in our wells.
we are also subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with several significant customers. see items 1 and 2. business and properties-marketing and customers of this report for additional information regarding these customers. this concentration of customers may impact our overall credit risk in that these entities may be similarly affected by any adverse changes in economic and other conditions. we do not require our customers to post collateral. under certain circumstances, the revenue due to them can be offset by any unpaid receivables. the inability or failure of our significant customers or joint working interest owners to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may materially adversely affect our financial results.
our method of accounting for investments in oil and natural gas properties may result in impairment of asset value.
we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. we also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment.
the net capitalized costs of proved oil and natural gas properties are subject to a full cost ceiling limitation in which the costs are not allowed to exceed their related estimated future net revenues discounted at 10%. to the extent capitalized costs of evaluated oil and natural gas properties, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment, exceed the discounted future net revenues of proved oil and natural gas reserves, the excess capitalized costs are charged to expense. we use the unweighted arithmetic average first day of the month price for oil and natural gas for the 12-month period preceding the calculation date in estimating discounted future net revenues.
no impairments were recorded on our proved oil and natural gas properties for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates-oil and natural gas accounting and reserves of this report. if the prices of oil and natural gas decline, we may be required to further write-down the value of our oil and natural gas properties in the future, which could negatively affect our results of operations.
our estimated reserves and eurs are based on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.
oil and natural gas reserve engineering is not an exact science and requires subjective estimates of underground accumulations of oil and natural gas and assumptions concerning future oil and natural gas prices, production levels, ultimate recoveries and operating and development costs. as a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves, projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may be incorrect. the eurs for our horizontal wells are based on management's internal estimates. over time, we may make material changes to reserve estimates taking into account the results of actual drilling, testing and production. also, certain assumptions regarding future oil and natural gas prices, production levels and operating and development costs may prove incorrect. any significant variance from these assumptions to actual figures could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of oil and natural gas attributable to any particular group of properties, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. a substantial portion of our reserve estimates are made without the benefit of a lengthy production history, which are less reliable than estimates based on a lengthy production history. numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of oil and natural gas that we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. reserve estimates do not include any value for probable or possible reserves that may exist, nor do they include any value for unproved undeveloped acreage. the reserve estimates represent our net revenue interest in our properties.
the timing of both our production and our incurrence of costs in connection with the development and production of oil and natural gas properties will affect the timing of actual future net cash flows from proved reserves.
the standardized measure of our estimated proved reserves is not necessarily the same as the current market value of our estimated proved oil reserves.
the present value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves, or standardized measure may not represent the current market value of our estimated proved oil reserves. actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and future net present value estimates using then current prices and costs may be significantly less than current estimates. in addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flow for reporting requirements in compliance with the financial accounting standard board codification 932, "extractive activities-oil and gas," may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in general.
the development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate.
approximately 31% of our total estimated proved reserves as of december 31, 2023, were proved undeveloped reserves and may not be ultimately developed or produced. recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling and completion operations. the reserve data included in the reserve reports of our independent petroleum engineers assume that substantial capital expenditures are required to develop such reserves. we cannot be certain that the estimated costs of the development of these reserves are accurate, that development will occur as scheduled or that the results of such development will be as estimated. delays in the development of our reserves, increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves, or further decreases in commodity prices will reduce the future net revenues of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomical. in addition, delays in the development of reserves could force us to reclassify certain of our proved reserves as unproved reserves.
our producing properties are located in the permian basin of west texas, making us vulnerable to risks (including weather-related risks) associated with operating in a single geographic area. in addition, we have a large amount of proved reserves attributable to a small number of producing horizons within this area.
our producing properties are currently geographically concentrated in the permian basin of west texas. as a result, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, availability of equipment, facilities, personnel or services market limitations or interruption of the processing or transportation of crude oil, natural gas or natural gas liquids, and extreme weather conditions and their adverse impact on production volumes, availability of electrical power, road accessibility and transportation facilities.
extreme regional weather events may occur that can affect our suppliers or customers, which could adversely affect us. for example, a significant hurricane or similar weather event could damage refining and other oil and natural gas-related facilities on the gulf coast of texas and louisiana, which (if significant enough) could limit the availability of gathering and transportation facilities across texas and could then cause production in the permian basin (including potentially our production) to be curtailed or shut in or (in the case of natural gas) flared. climate change may also increase the frequency and severity of significant weather events over time. further, any increase in flaring of our natural gas production due to weather-related events or otherwise could make it difficult for us to achieve our publicly-announced sustainability and emissions reduction targets, which could expose us to reputational risks and adversely impact our contractual and other business relationships. any of the above-referenced events could have a material adverse effect on us and our production volumes (and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations).
in addition, the effect of fluctuations on supply and demand may become more pronounced within specific geographic oil and natural gas producing areas such as the permian basin, which may cause these conditions to occur with greater frequency or magnify the effects of these conditions. due to the concentrated nature of our portfolio of properties, a number of our properties could experience any of the same conditions at the same time, resulting in a relatively greater impact on our results of operations than they might have on other companies that have a more diversified portfolio of properties. such delays or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to the geographic concentration of our producing properties described above, as of december 31, 2023, most of our proved reserves are concentrated in the wolfberry play in the midland basin. this concentration of assets within a small number of producing horizons exposes us to additional risks, such as changes in field-wide rules and regulations that could cause us to permanently or temporarily shut-in all of our wells within a field.
we depend upon several significant purchasers for the sale of most of our oil and natural gas production. the loss of one or more of these purchasers could, among other factors, limit our access to suitable markets for the oil and natural gas we produce.
the availability of a ready market for any oil and/or natural gas we produce depends on numerous factors beyond the control of our management, including those discussed. we cannot assure you that we will continue to have ready access to suitable markets for our future oil and natural gas production. in addition, we depend upon several significant purchasers for the sale of most of our oil and natural gas production. see items 1 and 2. business and properties-marketing and customers of this report for additional information regarding these customers. the loss of one or more of these customers, and our inability to sell our production to other customers on terms we consider acceptable, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
the unavailability, high cost or shortages of rigs, equipment, raw materials, supplies, oilfield services or personnel may restrict our operations.
the oil and natural gas industry is cyclical, which can result in shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies and personnel. when shortages occur, the costs and delivery times of rigs, equipment and supplies increase and demand for, and wage rates of, qualified drilling rig crews also rise with increases in demand. we cannot predict whether these conditions will exist in the future and, if so, what their timing and duration will be. in accordance with customary industry practice, we rely on independent third party service providers to provide most of the services necessary to drill new wells. if we are unable to secure a sufficient number of drilling rigs at reasonable costs, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer, and we may not be able to drill all of our acreage before our leases expire. in addition, we do not have long-term contracts securing the use of our existing rigs, and the operators of those rigs may choose to cease providing services to us. shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, raw materials (particularly sand and other proppants), supplies, personnel, trucking services, tubulars, fracking and completion services and production equipment could delay or restrict our exploration and development operations, which in turn could impair our financial condition and results of operations.
our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
water is an essential component of deep shale oil and natural gas production during both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. historically, we have been able to purchase water from local land owners for use in our operations. over the past several years, texas has experienced extreme drought conditions. as a result of this severe drought, some local water districts have begun restricting the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for hydraulic fracturing to protect local water supply. also, in 2021, the texas legislature directed the texas railroad commission to adopt rules encouraging fluid oil and gas waste recycling. in october 2023, the commission announced draft amendments to its water protection rules to, among other things, encourage waste recycling. if we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, or we are unable to effectively utilize flowback water, we may be unable to economically drill for or produce oil and natural gas, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
recent regulatory restrictions on the disposal of produced water and additional monitoring and reporting requirements related to existing and new produced water disposal wells in the permian basin to stem rising seismic activity and earthquakes could increase our operating costs and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in september 2021, the texas railroad commission curtailed the amount of produced water companies were permitted to inject into some wells near midland and odessa in the permian basin, and has since indefinitely suspended some permits there and expanded the restrictions to other areas. these actions were taken in an effort to control induced seismic activity and recent increases in earthquakes in the permian basin, which have been linked by the u.s. and local seismologists to wastewater disposal in oil fields. the texas railroad commission has since adopted rules governing the permitting or re-permitting of wells used to dispose of produced water and other fluids resulting from the production of oil and gas in order to address these seismic activity concerns within the state. among other things, these rules require companies seeking permits for disposal wells to provide seismic activity data in permit applications, provide for more frequent monitoring and reporting for certain wells and allow the state to modify, suspend or terminate permits on grounds that a disposal well is likely to be, or determined to be, causing seismic activity. these restrictions and additional monitoring and reporting requirements related to existing and new produced water and produced water disposal wells could result in increased operating costs, requiring us or our service providers to truck produced water, recycle it or dispose of it by other means, all of which could be costly. we or our service providers may also need to limit disposal well volumes, disposal rates and pressures or locations, or require us or our service providers to shut down or curtail the injection of produced water into disposal wells. these factors may make drilling activity in the affected parts of the permian basin less economical and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
part of our strategy involves drilling in existing or emerging shale plays using the latest available horizontal drilling and completion techniques; therefore, the results of our planned exploratory drilling in these plays are subject to risks associated with drilling and completion techniques and drilling results may not meet our expectations for reserves or production.
our operations involve developing and utilizing the latest drilling and completion techniques. risks that we face while drilling include, but are not limited to, spacing of wells to maximize economic return; landing our well bore in the desired drilling zone; staying in the desired drilling zone while drilling horizontally through the formation; running our casing the entire length of the well bore; and being able to run tools and other equipment consistently through the horizontal well bore.
risks that we face while completing our wells include, but are not limited to, being able to fracture stimulate the planned number of stages; run tools the entire length of the well bore during completion operations; successfully clean out the well bore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage; and prevent unintentional communication with other wells.
furthermore, certain of the new techniques we are adopting, such as infill drilling and multi-well pad drilling, may cause irregularities or interruptions in production due to, in the case of infill drilling, offset wells being shut in and, in the case of multi-well pad drilling, the time required to drill and complete multiple wells before any such wells begin producing. the results of our drilling in new or emerging formations are more uncertain initially than drilling results in areas that are more developed and have a longer history of established production. newer or emerging formations and areas often have limited or no production history and consequently we are less able to predict future drilling results in these areas.
ultimately, the success of these drilling and completion techniques can only be evaluated as more wells are drilled and production profiles are established over a sufficiently long time period. if our drilling results are less than anticipated or we are unable to execute our drilling program because of capital constraints, lease expirations, access to gathering systems, and/or declines in natural gas and oil prices, the return on our investment in these areas may not be as attractive as we anticipate. further, as a result of any of these developments we could incur material write-downs of our oil and natural gas properties and the value of our undeveloped acreage could decline in the future.
the marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and other facilities, certain of which we do not control. if these facilities are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced.
the marketability of our oil and natural gas production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities owned by third parties. we do not control third party transportation facilities and our access to them may be limited or denied. insufficient production from our wells to support the construction of pipeline facilities by our purchasers or a significant disruption in the availability of our or third party transportation facilities or other production facilities could adversely impact our ability to deliver to market or produce our oil and natural gas and thereby cause a significant interruption in our operations. for example, on certain occasions we have experienced high line pressure at our tank batteries with occasional flaring due to the inability of the gas gathering systems in the areas in which we operate to support the increased production of natural gas in the permian basin. if, in the future, we are unable, for any sustained period, to implement acceptable delivery or transportation arrangements or encounter production related difficulties, we may be required to shut in or curtail production. in addition, the amount of oil and natural gas that can be produced and sold may be subject to curtailment in certain other circumstances outside of our control, such as pipeline interruptions due to maintenance, excessive pressure, ability of downstream processing facilities to accept unprocessed gas, physical damage to the gathering or transportation system or lack of contracted capacity on such systems. the curtailments arising from these and similar circumstances may last from a few days to several months, and in many cases, we are provided with limited, if any, notice as to when these circumstances will arise and their duration. any such shut in or curtailment, or an inability to obtain favorable terms for delivery of the oil and natural gas produced from our fields, would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations which require compliance that can be burdensome and expensive.
our oil and natural gas operations are subject to various federal, state and local governmental regulations that may be changed from time to time in response to economic and political conditions. matters subject to regulation include discharge permits for drilling operations, drilling bonds, reports concerning operations, the spacing of wells, unitization and pooling of properties and taxation. from time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of oil and natural gas wells below actual production capacity to conserve supplies of oil and natural gas. in addition, the production, handling, storage, transportation, remediation, emission and disposal of oil and natural gas, by-products thereof and other substances and materials produced or used in connection with oil and natural gas operations are subject to regulation under federal, state and local laws and regulations primarily relating to protection of human health and the environment. failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, permit revocations, requirements for additional pollution controls and injunctions limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. further, these laws and regulations imposed strict requirements for water and air pollution control and solid waste management. significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws and regulations applicable to us. in addition, federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. even if federal regulatory burdens temporarily ease, the historic trend of more expansive and stricter environmental legislation and regulations may continue in the long-term, and at the state and local levels. see items 1 and 2. business and properties-regulation of this report for a detailed description of certain laws and regulations that affect us.
restrictions on drilling activities intended to protect certain species of wildlife may adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities in some of the areas where we operate.
oil and natural gas operations in our operating areas can be adversely affected by seasonal or permanent restrictions on drilling activities designed to protect various wildlife. seasonal restrictions may limit our ability to operate in protected areas and can intensify competition for drilling rigs, oilfield equipment, services, supplies and qualified personnel, which may lead to periodic shortages when drilling is allowed. these constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay our operations and materially increase our operating and capital costs. permanent restrictions imposed to protect threatened or endangered species could prohibit drilling in certain areas or require the implementation of expensive mitigation measures. the designation of previously unprotected species in areas where we operate as threatened or endangered, such as the recent designation of lesser prairie chickens in southwestern texas as endangered, could cause us to incur increased costs arising from species protection measures or could result in limitations on our exploration and production activities that could have an adverse impact on our ability to develop and produce our reserves.
derivatives reform legislation and related regulations could have an adverse effect on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business.
the dodd-frank act established federal oversight of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, including us, that participate in that market. the dodd-frank act required the commodity futures trading commission (cftc), the sec, and certain federal regulators of financial institutions (prudential regulators), to adopt rules or regulations implementing the dodd-frank act. the dodd-frank act established margin requirements and requires clearing and trade execution practices for certain market participants and may result in certain market participants needing to curtail or cease their derivatives activities. although some of the rules necessary to implement the dodd-frank act remain to be adopted, the cftc, the sec and the prudential regulators have issued a number of rules, including rules requiring clearing of certain swaps through registered clearing facilities (mandatory clearing rule), requiring the posting of collateral for uncleared swaps (margin rule) and imposing position limits (position limit rule). there are exceptions, subject to meeting certain filing, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, to the mandatory clearing rule, the margin rule and the position limit rule.
we qualify for the "end user" exception to the mandatory clearing rule and the "non-financial end user" exception to the margin rule and we believe that the majority, if not all, of our hedging activities qualify for the "bona fide hedging transaction or position" exception to the position limit rule. we intend to satisfy the applicable filing, recordkeeping and reporting requirements to use these exceptions, so we do not expect to be directly affected by any of such rules. however, most if not all of our swap counterparties will be subject to mandatory clearing and collateral requirements in connection with their hedging activities with other counterparties that do not qualify for exceptions to these rules, which could significantly increase the cost of our derivative contracts or reduce the availability of derivatives to us that we have historically used to protect against risks that we encounter in our business.
in addition, the european union and other non-u.s. jurisdictions have enacted laws and regulations (collectively, foreign regulations), which may apply to our transactions with counterparties subject to such foreign regulations (foreign counterparties). the foreign regulations, the dodd-frank act, the rules which have been adopted and not vacated and other regulations could significantly increase the cost of our derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of our derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to us that we have historically used to protect against risks that we encounter in our business, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. if we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the dodd-frank act, the foreign regulations or other regulations, our results of operations and cash flows may become more volatile and less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. finally, the dodd-frank act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity contracts related to oil and natural gas. our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the dodd-frank act and regulations is to lower commodity prices. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition and our results of operations.
u.s. tax legislation may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
from time to time, legislation has been proposed that, if enacted into law, would make significant changes to u.s. federal and state income tax laws affecting the oil and natural gas industry, including (i) eliminating the immediate deduction for intangible drilling and development costs, (ii) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and natural gas properties; and (iii) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. no accurate prediction can be made as to whether any such legislative changes will be proposed or enacted in the future or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be. these proposed changes in the u.s. tax law, if adopted, or other similar changes that would impose additional tax on our activities or reduce or eliminate deductions currently available with respect to natural gas and oil exploration, development or similar activities, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
on august 16, 2022, president biden signed into law the ira, which, among other changes, imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax ("camt") on the "adjusted financial statement income" of certain large corporations (generally, corporations reporting at least $1 billion average adjusted pre-tax net income on their consolidated financial statements) as well as an excise tax of 1% on the fair market value of certain public company stock repurchases for tax years beginning after december 31, 2022. if we are or become subject to camt, our cash obligations for u.s. federal income taxes could be significantly accelerated. to the extent the 1% excise tax applies to repurchases of shares under our common stock repurchase program, the number of shares we repurchase and our cash flow may be affected.
the u.s. treasury department, the internal revenue service and other standard-setting bodies are expected to issue guidance on how the camt, stock buyback excise tax and other provisions of the ira will be applied or otherwise administered that may differ from our interpretations. we continue to evaluate the ira and its effect on our financial results and operating cash flow.
we operate in areas of high industry activity, which may affect our ability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel needed to manage and operate our assets.
our operations and drilling activity are concentrated in the permian basin in west texas, an area in which industry activity has increased rapidly. as a result, demand for qualified personnel in this area, and the cost to attract and retain such personnel, has increased over the past few years due to competition and may increase substantially in the future. moreover, our competitors may be able to offer better compensation packages to attract and retain qualified personnel than we are able to offer.
any delay or inability to secure the personnel necessary for us to continue or complete our current and planned development activities could lead to a reduction in production volumes. any such negative effect on production volumes, or significant increases in costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on a few key employees whose absence or loss could adversely affect our business.
many key responsibilities within our business have been assigned to a small number of employees. the loss of their services could adversely affect our business. in particular, the loss of the services of one or more members of our executive team could disrupt our operations. we do not have employment agreements with our executives and may not be able to assure their retention. further, we do not maintain "key person" life insurance policies on any of our employees. as a result, we are not insured against any losses resulting from the death of our key employees.
operating hazards and uninsured risks may result in substantial losses and could prevent us from realizing profits.
our operations are subject to all of the hazards and operating risks associated with drilling for and production of oil and natural gas, including the risk of fire, explosions, blowouts, surface cratering, uncontrollable flows of natural gas, oil and formation water, pipe or pipeline failures, abnormally pressured formations, casing collapses and environmental hazards such as oil spills, gas leaks and ruptures or discharges of toxic gases. in addition, our operations are subject to risks associated with hydraulic fracturing, including any mishandling, surface spillage or potential underground migration of fracturing fluids, including chemical additives. the occurrence of any of these events could result in substantial losses to us due to injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, clean-up responsibilities, regulatory investigations and penalties, suspension of operations and repairs required to resume operations.
we endeavor to contractually allocate potential liabilities and risks between us and the parties that provide us with services and goods, which include pressure pumping and hydraulic fracturing, drilling and cementing services and tubular goods for surface, intermediate and production casing. under our agreements with our vendors, to the extent responsibility for environmental liability is allocated between the parties, (i) our vendors generally assume all responsibility for control and removal of pollution or contamination which originates above the surface of the land and is directly associated with such vendors' equipment while in their control and (ii) we generally assume the responsibility for control and removal of all other pollution or contamination which may occur during our operations, including pre-existing pollution and pollution which may result from fire, blowout, cratering, seepage or any other uncontrolled flow of oil, gas or other substances, as well as the use or disposition of all drilling fluids. in addition, we generally agree to indemnify our vendors for loss or destruction of vendor-owned property that occurs in the well hole (except for damage that occurs when a vendor is performing work on a footage, rather than day work, basis) or as a result of the use of equipment, certain corrosive fluids, additives, chemicals or proppants. however, despite this general allocation of risk, we might not succeed in enforcing such contractual allocation, might incur an unforeseen liability falling outside the scope of such allocation or may be required to enter into contractual arrangements with terms that vary from the above allocations of risk. as a result, we may incur substantial losses which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in accordance with what we believe to be customary industry practice, we historically have maintained insurance against some, but not all, of our business risks. our insurance may not be adequate to cover any losses or liabilities we may suffer. also, insurance may no longer be available to us or, if it is, its availability may be at premium levels that do not justify its purchase. the occurrence of a significant uninsured claim, a claim in excess of the insurance coverage limits maintained by us or a claim at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct normal business operations and on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. in addition, we may not be able to secure additional insurance or bonding that might be required by new governmental regulations. this may cause us to restrict our operations, which might severely impact our financial position. we may also be liable for environmental damage caused by previous owners of properties purchased by us, which liabilities may not be covered by insurance.
since hydraulic fracturing activities are part of our operations, we maintain insurance to protect against claims made for bodily injury and property damage, and that insurance includes coverage for clean-up costs stemming from a sudden and accidental pollution event. however, we may not have coverage if we are unaware of the pollution event and unable to report the "occurrence" to our insurance company within the time frame required under our insurance policy. we have limited coverage for gradual, long-term pollution events. in addition, these policies do not provide coverage for all liabilities, and we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. a loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our use of 2-d and 3-d seismic data is subject to interpretation and may not accurately identify the presence of oil and natural gas, which could adversely affect the results of our drilling operations.
even when properly used and interpreted, 2-d and 3-d seismic data and visualization techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators and do not enable the interpreter to know whether hydrocarbons are, in fact, present in those structures. in addition, the use of 3-d seismic and other advanced technologies requires greater predrilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies, and we could incur losses as a result of such expenditures. as a result, our drilling activities may not be successful or economical.
we own interests in certain pipeline projects and other joint ventures, and we may in the future enter into additional joint ventures, and our control of such entities is limited by provisions of the governing documents of such entities and by our percentage ownership in such entities.
we have ownership interests in several joint ventures, including the epic, wink to webster, bangl, wtg and deep blue joint ventures, and we may enter into other similar arrangements in the future. while we own equity interests and have certain voting rights with respect to our ownership interest, we do not control our joint ventures. we have limited ability to influence the business decisions of these entities, and it may therefore be difficult or impossible for us to cause the joint venture to take actions that we believe would be in our or the relevant joint venture's best interests. moreover, joint venture arrangements involve various risks and uncertainties, such as committing us to fund operating and/or capital expenditures, the timing and amount of which we may not control. in addition, our joint venture partners may not satisfy their financial obligations to the joint venture and may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, or those of the joint venture.
we are also unable to control the amount of cash we receive from the operation of these entities. further, certain of these joint ventures have incurred substantial debt and servicing such debt or complying with debt covenants may limit the ability of the joint ventures to make distributions to us and the other joint venture partners. these joint ventures also have internal control environments independent of our oversight and review. if our joint venture partners have control deficiencies in their accounting or financial reporting environments, it may result in inaccuracies in the reporting for our percentage of the financial results of the joint venture.
we may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry.
the oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. as others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs. in addition, other oil and natural gas companies may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and that may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. we may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. if one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
a terrorist attack or armed conflict could harm our business.
terrorist activities, anti-terrorist efforts and other armed conflicts involving the united states or other countries may adversely affect the united states and global economies and could prevent us from meeting our financial and other obligations. if any of these events occur, the resulting political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall demand for oil and natural gas causing a reduction in our revenues. oil and natural gas related facilities could be direct targets of terrorist attacks, and our operations could be adversely impacted if infrastructure integral to our customers' operations is destroyed or damaged. costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of these threats, and some insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all.
our operations depend heavily on electrical power, internet and telecommunication infrastructure and information and computer systems. if any of these systems are compromised or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected.
we are heavily dependent on electrical power, internet and telecommunications infrastructure and our information systems and computer-based programs, including our well operations information, seismic data, electronic data processing and accounting data. if any of such infrastructure, systems or programs were to fail or become unavailable or compromised, or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, our ability to safely and effectively operate our business will be limited and any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to cybersecurity risks. a cyber incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.
as an exploration and production company, we rely extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, third-party software, cloud services and other internally or externally hosted hardware and software platforms, to (i) estimate our oil and natural gas reserves, (ii) process and record financial and operating data, (iii) process and analyze all stages of our business operations, including exploration, drilling, completions, production, transportation, pipelines and other related activities and (iv) communicate with our employees and vendors, suppliers and other third parties. further, our reliance on technology has increased due to the increased use of personal devices, remote communications and work-from-home or hybrid work practices that evolved in response to the covid-19 pandemic and became a common business practice thereafter.
risks from cybersecurity threats have not materially affected, and are not currently anticipated to materially affect our company, including our business strategy, results of operations and financial condition. however, our systems and networks, and those of our vendors, service providers and other third party providers, may become the target of cybersecurity attacks, including, without limitation, denial-of-service attacks; malicious software; data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. if any of these security breaches were to occur, we could suffer disruptions to our normal operations, including our exploration, completion, production and corporate functions, which could materially and adversely affect us in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, unauthorized access to, and release of, our business data, reserves information, strategic information or other sensitive or proprietary information, which could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to compete for oil and gas resources, or reduce our competitive advantage over other companies; data corruption, communication interruption, or other operational disruptions during our drilling activities, which could result in our failure to reach the intended target or a drilling incident; data corruption or operational disruptions of our production-related infrastructure, which could result in loss of production or accidental discharges; unauthorized access to, and release of, personal information of our employees, vendors, service providers or other third parties, which could expose us to allegations that we did not sufficiently protect such information; a cybersecurity attack on a vendor or service provider, which could result in supply chain disruptions and could delay or halt our operations; a cybersecurity attack on third-party gathering, transportation, processing, fractionation, refining or other facilities, which could result in reduced demand for our production or delay or prevent us from transporting and marketing our production, in either case resulting in a loss of revenues; a cybersecurity attack involving commodities exchanges or financial institutions could slow or halt commodities trading, thus preventing us from marketing our production or engaging in hedging activities, resulting in a loss of revenues; a deliberate corruption of our financial or operating data could result in events of non-compliance which could then lead to regulatory enforcement actions, fines or penalties; a cybersecurity attack on a communications network or power grid, which could cause operational disruptions resulting in a loss of revenues; and a cybersecurity attack on our automated and surveillance systems, which could cause a loss of production and potential environmental hazards.
we have implemented and invested in, and will continue to implement and invest in, controls, procedures and protections (including internal and external personnel) that are designed to protect our systems, identify and remediate on a regular basis vulnerabilities in our systems and related infrastructure and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threat. we have engaged third-party consultants to conduct penetration testing and risk assessments. our cybersecurity governance program is informed by the national institute of standards and technology ("nist") cybersecurity framework and measured by the maturity and risk assessment ratings associated with the nist cybersecurity framework and the capability maturity model integration. such measures, however, cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats and the controls, procedures and protections we have implemented and invested in may prove to be ineffective. we maintain specialized insurance for possible liability resulting from a cyberattack on our assets, however, we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. a loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
risks related to our indebtedness references in this section to "us, "we" or "our" shall mean diamondback energy, inc. and diamondback e&p llc, collectively, unless otherwise specified.
implementing our capital programs may require, under some circumstances, an increase in our total leverage through additional debt issuances, and any significant reduction in availability under our revolving credit facility or inability to otherwise obtain financing for our capital programs could require us to curtail our capital expenditures.
we have historically relied on availability under our revolving credit facility to fund a portion of our capital expenditures. we expect that we will continue to fund a portion of our capital expenditures with borrowings under the revolving credit facility, cash flow from operations and the proceeds from debt and equity offerings. in the past, we have created availability under the revolving credit facility by repaying outstanding borrowings with the proceeds from debt or equity offerings. we cannot assure you that we will choose to or be able to access the capital markets to repay any such future borrowings. instead, we may be required or choose to finance our capital expenditures through additional debt issuances, which would increase our total amount of debt outstanding. if the availability under the revolving credit facility were reduced, and we were otherwise unable to secure other sources of financing, we may be required to curtail our capital expenditures, which could limit our ability to fund our drilling activities and acquisitions or otherwise finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves.
restrictive covenants in certain of our existing and future debt instruments may limit our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or pursue business opportunities.
certain of our debt instruments contain, and the terms of any future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; make certain investments; create liens; sell or transfer assets; issue preferred stock; merge or consolidate with another entity; pay dividends or make other distributions; create unrestricted subsidiaries; and engage in transactions with affiliates. a breach of any of these restrictive covenants could result in default under the applicable debt instrument.
we and our subsidiaries may be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations imposed on us by the restrictive covenants and financial covenants contained in our and our subsidiaries' debt instruments. as an example, our revolving credit facility requires us to maintain a total net debt to capitalization ratio. the requirement that we and our subsidiaries comply with these provisions may materially adversely affect our and our subsidiaries ability to react to changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities we believe to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in our business.
if a default occurs under our revolving credit facility, the lenders thereunder may elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, which would result in an event of default under the indentures governing our senior notes. the lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. if the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and our senior notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness.
servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial indebtedness.
our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including our senior notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. however, we cannot assure you that undertaking alternative financing plans, if necessary, would allow us to meet our debt obligations. in the absence of such cash flows, we could have substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices that we believe are fair, and proceeds that we do receive may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at the time. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations and have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we depend on our subsidiaries for dividends and other payments.
as a holding company, we depend on our subsidiaries for dividends and other payments. we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our operating subsidiaries. there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends. if our subsidiaries are unable to make dividend payments to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, we may not be able to make dividend payments to our stockholders or principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which could further exacerbate the risks that we and our subsidiaries face.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. the terms of our and our subsidiaries' revolving credit facilities and the indentures restrict, but in each case do not completely prohibit, us from doing so. further, the indentures governing our and our subsidiaries' notes allow us to issue additional notes, incur certain other additional debt and to have subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior notes and which may incur additional debt, which would be structurally senior to the senior notes. in addition, the indentures governing the senior notes do not prevent us from incurring other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. if we or a guarantor incur any additional indebtedness that ranks equally with the senior notes (or with the guarantees thereof), including additional unsecured indebtedness or trade payables, the holders of that indebtedness will be entitled to share ratably with holders of the senior notes in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding-up of us or a guarantor. if new debt or other liabilities are added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries now face could intensify.
if we experience liquidity concerns, we could face a downgrade in our debt ratings which could restrict our access to, and negatively impact the terms of, current or future financings or trade credit.
our ability to obtain financings and trade credit and the terms of any financings or trade credit is, in part, dependent on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities, liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix and commodity pricing levels. a ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access financings or trade credit and increase our borrowing costs.
borrowings under our and viper llc's revolving credit facilities expose us to interest rate risk.
our earnings are exposed to interest rate risk associated with borrowings under our and viper llc's revolving credit facilities. the terms of our and viper llc's revolving credit facilities provide for interest on borrowings at a floating rate equal to an alternate base rate tied to the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). sofr tends to fluctuate based on multiple factors, including general short-term interest rates, rates set by the u.s. federal reserve and other central banks and general economic conditions. from time to time, we use interest rate swaps to reduce interest rate exposure with respect to our fixed and/or floating rate debt. the weighted average interest rate on borrowings under our revolving credit facility was 6.31% during the year ended december 31, 2023. viper llc's weighted average interest rate on borrowings from its revolving credit facility was 7.41% during the year ended december 31, 2023. if interest rates increase, so will our interest costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to our common stock the corporate opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable affiliates of ours to benefit from corporate opportunities that might otherwise be available to us.
subject to the limitations of applicable law, our certificate of incorporation, among other things: permits us to enter into transactions with entities in which one or more of our officers or directors are financially or otherwise interested; permits any of our stockholders, officers or directors to conduct business that competes with us and to make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments; and provides that if any director or officer of one of our affiliates who is also one of our officers or directors becomes aware of a potential business opportunity, transaction or other matter (other than one expressly offered to that director or officer in writing solely in his or her capacity as our director or officer), that director or officer will have no duty to communicate or offer that opportunity to us, and will be permitted to communicate or offer that opportunity to such affiliates and that director or officer will not be deemed to have (i) acted in a manner inconsistent with his or her fiduciary or other duties to us regarding the opportunity or (ii) acted in bad faith or in a manner inconsistent with our best interests.
these provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity that would otherwise be available to us may be used for the benefit of one of our affiliates.
the declaration of base and variable dividends and any repurchases of our common stock are each within the discretion of our board of directors based upon a review of relevant considerations, and there is no guarantee that we will pay any dividends on or repurchase shares of our common stock in the future or at levels anticipated by our stockholders.
the decision to pay any future base and variable dividends is solely within the discretion of, and subject to approval by, our board of directors. our board of directors' determination with respect to any such dividends, including the record date, the payment date and the actual amount of the dividend, will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant at the time of such determination. based on its evaluation of these factors, the board of directors may determine not to declare a dividend, whether base or variable, or declare dividends at rates that are less than currently anticipated, either of which could reduce returns to our stockholders.
in september 2021, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock, and on july 28, 2022, approved an increase in the repurchase program to $4.0 billion. we may be limited in our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock by various governmental laws, rules and regulations which prevent us from purchasing our common stock during periods when we are in possession of material non-public information. through december 31, 2023, approximately $2.4 billion has been repurchased through the repurchase program. even though this program is in place, we may not repurchase any shares through the program and any such repurchases are completely within the discretion of our board of directors. in addition, the stock repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended, modified, or discontinued by the board of directors at any time. any elimination of, or reduction in, the company's base or variable dividend or common stock repurchase program could adversely affect the total return of an investment in and have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
beginning in the first quarter of 2024, our board of directors approved a reduction to our return of capital commitment to at least 50% from 75% of free cash flow to be distributed quarterly to our stockholders in the primary form of a base dividend with additional return of capital expected to be in the form of a variable dividend and through our stock repurchase program. the amount of cash available to return to our stockholders, if any, can vary significantly from quarter to quarter for a number of reasons, including commodity prices, liquidity, debt levels, capital resources and other factors. the price of our common stock may deteriorate if we are unable to meet investor expectations with respect to the timing and amount of our return of capital commitment to our stockholders, and such deterioration may be material.
a change of control could limit our use of net operating losses and certain other tax attributes.
under section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), a corporation that experiences an "ownership change" (as defined in the code) may be subject to limitations on its ability to offset taxable income arising after the ownership change with net operating losses ("nols") or tax credits generated prior to the ownership change. in general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative increase in the ownership of a corporation's stock totaling more than 50 percentage points by one or more "5% shareholders" (as defined in the code) at any time during a rolling three-year period. an ownership change would establish an annual limitation on the amount of a corporation's pre-change nols or tax credits that could be utilized to offset taxable income in any future taxable year. the amount of the limitation is generally equal to the value of the corporation's stock immediately prior to the ownership change multiplied by an interest rate, referred to as the long-term tax-exempt rate, periodically promulgated by the irs. this limitation, however, may be significantly increased if there is "net unrealized built-in gain" in the assets of the corporation undergoing the ownership change.
as of december 31, 2023, we had an nol carryforward of approximately $590 million and tax credits of $4 million for u.s. federal income tax purposes, principally consisting of tax attributes acquired from qep and rattler. as a result of ownership changes for diamondback energy, inc., qep and rattler, which occurred in connection with the acquisition of qep and the rattler merger, our nols and other carryforwards, including those acquired from qep and rattler, are subject to an annual limitation under section 382 of the code. however, we have determined that our fair market value and our net unrealized built-in gain position resulted in a significant increase in our section 382 limits. accordingly, we believe that the application of section 382 of the code as a result of these ownership changes will not have a material adverse effect on our ability to utilize our nols and credits.
future changes in our stock ownership, however, could result in an additional ownership change under section 382 of the code. any such ownership change may limit our ability to offset taxable income arising after such an ownership change with nols or other tax attributes generated prior to such an ownership change, possibly substantially.
we may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock.
our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. for example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law make it more difficult to effect a change in control of our company, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
the existence of some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware corporate law could delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if that change would be beneficial to our stockholders. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make acquiring control of our company difficult, including provisions regulating the ability of our stockholders to nominate directors for election or to bring matters for action at annual meetings of our stockholders; limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call a special meeting and act by written consent; the ability of our board of directors to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws, and the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained for stockholders to amend our bylaws; the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained to remove directors; the requirement that the affirmative vote of holders representing at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock be obtained to amend our certificate of incorporation; and the authorization given to our board of directors to issue and set the terms of preferred stock without the approval of our stockholders.
these provisions also could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. as a result, these provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, which may limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.
risks related to the pending endeavor acquisition our ability to complete the endeavor acquisition is subject to various closing conditions, including approval by our stockholders and regulatory clearance, which may impose conditions that could adversely affect us or cause the endeavor acquisition not to be completed.
on february 11, 2024, we entered into the merger agreement to acquire endeavor. the endeavor acquisition is subject to a number of conditions to closing as specified in the merger agreement. these closing conditions include, among others, (i) the approval of the issuance of our common stock in the first merger by our stockholders; (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended; (iii) the absence of any injunction, order, decree or law preventing, prohibiting or making illegal the consummation of the first merger; (iv) the authorization for listing on the nasdaq of the shares of our common stock to be issued in the first merger; (v) with respect to each party, (a) the accuracy of the other party's representations and warranties, subject to specified materiality qualifications, (b) compliance by the other party with its covenants in the merger agreement in all material respects, and (c) the absence of a "material adverse effect" (as defined in the merger agreement) with respect to the other party since the date of the merger agreement that is continuing; and (vi) in the case of endeavor, the receipt of an opinion of tax counsel that the endeavor acquisition will qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended.
no assurance can be given that the required stockholder approval and regulatory clearance will be obtained or that the other required conditions to closing will be satisfied, and, if all required approvals and regulatory clearance are obtained and the required conditions are satisfied, no assurance can be given as to the terms, conditions and timing of such approvals and clearance, including whether any required conditions will materially adversely affect the combined company following the acquisition. any delay in completing the endeavor acquisition could cause the combined company not to realize, or to be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits that we and endeavor expect to achieve if the endeavor acquisition is successfully completed within its expected time frame. we can provide no assurance that these conditions will not result in the abandonment or delay of the acquisition. the occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock.
the termination of the merger agreement could negatively impact our business or result in our having to pay a termination fee.
if the endeavor acquisition is not completed for any reason, including as a result of a failure to obtain the required approval from our stockholders, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the expected benefits of having completed the endeavor acquisition, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: (i) we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on our stock price; (ii) we may experience negative reactions from our commercial and vendor partners and employees; and (iii) we will be required to pay our costs relating to the endeavor acquisition, such as financial advisory, legal, financing and accounting costs and associated fees and expenses, whether or not the endeavor acquisition is completed.
additionally, we are required to pay endeavor a termination fee of $1.4 billion if the merger agreement is terminated by (i) endeavor because our board of directors has made an adverse change to its recommendation that the our stockholders vote in favor of the issuance of our common stock in the endeavor acquisition or (ii) if either party terminates the merger agreement because our stockholders fail to approve the issuance of our common stock in the endeavor acquisition and, immediately prior to the failed vote, endeavor would have been entitled to terminate the merger agreement because our board of directors had made an adverse change to its recommendation in favor of the issuance of our common stock in the endeavor acquisition. if the merger agreement is terminated under certain specified circumstances and, within 12 months following such termination, we consummate or enter into an alternative acquisition transaction, we are required to pay the termination fee to endeavor. additionally, if the merger agreement is terminated because our stockholders fail to approve the issuance of our stock in the endeavor acquisition and the termination fee is not payable in connection with such termination, we are required to reimburse endeavor for its transaction related expenses, subject to a cap of $260 million. the payment of this reimbursement will reduce any termination fee that is subsequently payable by us.
whether or not the endeavor acquisition is completed, the announcement and pendency of the endeavor acquisition could cause disruptions in our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
whether or not the endeavor acquisition is completed, the announcement and pendency of the endeavor acquisition could cause disruptions in our business. specifically: (i) our and endeavor's current and prospective employees will experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company, which might adversely affect the two companies' abilities to retain key managers and other employees; (ii) uncertainty regarding the completion of the endeavor acquisition may cause our and endeavor's commercial and vendor partners or others that deal with us or endeavor to delay or defer certain business decisions or to decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us or endeavor, which could negatively affect our respective revenues, earnings and cash flows; (iii) the merger agreement restricts us and our subsidiaries from taking specified actions during the pendency of the merger without endeavor's consent, which may prevent us from making appropriate changes to our business or organizational structure or prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities or strategic transactions that may arise prior to the completion of the endeavor acquisition; and (iv) the attention of our and endeavor's management may be directed toward the completion of the endeavor acquisition as well as integration planning, which could otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations or to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to our business.
we have and will continue to divert significant management resources in an effort to complete the endeavor acquisition and are subject to restrictions contained in the merger agreement on the conduct of our business. if the endeavor acquisition is not completed, we will have incurred significant costs, including the diversion of management resources, for which we will have received little or no benefit.
combining our business with endeavor's may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected and the combined company may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the endeavor acquisition, which may adversely affect the combined company's business results and negatively affect the value of the combined company's common stock.
the success of the endeavor acquisition will depend on, among other things, the ability of the two companies to combine their businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and realizes expected cost savings. the combined company may encounter difficulties in integrating our and endeavor's businesses and realizing the anticipated benefits of the endeavor acquisition. the combined company must achieve the anticipated improvement in free cash flow generation and returns and achieve the planned cost savings without adversely affecting current revenues or compromising the disciplined investment philosophy for future growth. if the combined company is not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the endeavor acquisition may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected.
the endeavor acquisition involves the combination of two companies which currently operate, and until the completion of the endeavor acquisition will continue to operate, as independent companies. there can be no assurances that our respective businesses can be integrated successfully. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees from both companies; the loss of commercial and vendor partners; the disruption of our, endeavor's or both companies' ongoing businesses; inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies; unexpected integration issues; higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. the combined company will be required to devote management attention and resources to integrating its business practices and operations, and prior to the endeavor acquisition, management attention and resources will be required to plan for such integration. an inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the endeavor acquisition and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect upon the revenues, level of expenses and operating results of the combined company, which may adversely affect the value of the common stock of the combined company. in addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations and technologies and systems that must be integrated in connection with the endeavor acquisition and the integration of endeavor's business. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, strategic benefits, and additional income, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the business, may offset incremental transaction and endeavor acquisition-related costs over time, any net benefit may not be achieved in the near term or at all. if we and endeavor are not able to adequately address integration challenges, we may be unable to successfully integrate operations or realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of the two companies.
we also expect to incur significant additional indebtedness in connection with the endeavor acquisition, which indebtedness may limit our operating or financial flexibility relative to our current position and make it difficult to satisfy our obligations with respect to our other indebtedness.
we will incur debt to finance all or a portion of the cash consideration for the endeavor acquisition and to repay certain existing indebtedness of endeavor. our increased level of debt in connection with this debt financing could have negative consequences on us and the combined company, including, among other things, (i) requiring us, and the combined company, to dedicate a larger portion of cash flow from operations to servicing and repayment of the debt, (ii) reducing funds available for strategic initiatives and opportunities, working capital and other general corporate needs, (iii) limiting our, and the combined company's, ability to incur additional indebtedness, which could restrict its flexibility to react to changes in its business, its industry and economic condition and (iv) placing us, and the combined company, at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. see also the risks discussed above under "-risks related to our indebtedness."
the market value of our common stock could decline if large amounts of our common stock are sold following the endeavor acquisition.
if the endeavor acquisition is consummated, we will issue 117.27 million shares of our common stock to endeavor's equityholders, and as a result, the endeavor stockholders are expected to hold, at closing, approximately 39.5% of our outstanding common stock. at closing, we will enter into the stockholders agreement with the endeavor stockholders that will, among other things, provide the endeavor stockholders with certain shelf, demand and piggyback registration rights. while the endeavor stockholders will be subject to a lock-up with respect to 90% of the shares of our common stock issued in the endeavor acquisition, the lock-up will apply to 66.6% and 33.3% of the shares issued in the endeavor acquisition following the six and twelve month anniversaries, respectively, of the closing and will terminate following the eighteen month anniversary of the closing. endeavor stockholders may decide not to hold shares of our common stock that they will receive in the endeavor acquisition, and endeavor stockholders may decide to reduce their investment in us following the endeavor acquisition. such sales of our common stock or the perception that these sales may occur, could have the effect of depressing the market price for our common stock.
following the closing of the endeavor acquisition, the endeavor stockholders will have the ability to significantly influence our business, and their interest in our business may be different from that of other stockholders.
as a result of the endeavor acquisition, endeavor's stockholders are expected to hold, at closing, approximately 39.5% of our outstanding common stock. the stockholders agreement will provide the endeavor stockholders with the right to propose for nomination four directors for election to our board of directors if they beneficially own at least 25% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, two directors if they beneficially own at least 20% but less than 25% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and one director if they beneficially own at least 10% but less than 20% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, in each case subject to certain qualification requirements for such directors. we will not be permitted to take certain actions without the consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock held by the endeavor stockholders. the endeavor stockholders level of ownership and influence may make some transactions (such as those involving mergers, material share issuances or changes in control) more difficult or impossible without the support of the endeavor stockholders, which in turn could adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their shares of our common stock. the interests of the endeavor stockholders may conflict with the interests of other stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report. the following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors discussed further in item 1a. risk factors and cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements of this report.
overview we are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves primarily in the permian basin in west texas. as of december 31, 2023, we have one reportable segment, the upstream segment. see note 1-description of the business and basis of presentation and note 17-segment information in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion.
2023 financial and operating highlights
•we recorded net income of $3.1 billion.
•increased our annual base dividend to $3.60 per share of common stock, paid dividends to stockholders of $1.4 billion during 2023 and declared a combined base and variable dividend payable in the first quarter of 2024 of $3.08 per share of common stock.
•repurchased $838 million of our common stock, leaving approximately $1.6 billion available for future purchases under our common stock repurchase program at december 31, 2023.
•our cash operating costs were $10.90 per boe, including lease operating expenses of $5.34 per boe, cash general and administrative expenses of $0.59 per boe and production and ad valorem taxes and gathering, processing and transportation expenses of $4.97 per boe.
•redeemed or repurchased an aggregate of $140 million in principal amount of our 5.250% senior notes due 2023, 3.250% senior notes due 2026 and 3.500% senior notes due 2029.
•our average production was 447,707 mboe/d.
•drilled 350 gross horizontal wells (including 315 in the midland basin and 35 in the delaware basin).
•turned 310 gross operated horizontal wells (including 263 in the midland basin and 47 in the delaware basin) to production.
•as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately 493,769 net acres, which primarily consisted of 349,707 net acres in the midland basin and 143,742 net acres in the delaware basin. as of december 31, 2023, we had an estimated 7,905 gross horizontal locations that we believe to be economic at $50.00 per bbl wti. in addition, our publicly traded subsidiary, viper, owns mineral interests underlying approximately 1,197,638 gross acres and 34,217 net royalty acres in the permian basin. we operate approximately 49% of these net royalty acres.
•incurred capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, of $2.7 billion.
2023 transactions and recent developments acquisitions on november 1, 2023, viper closed on the grp acquisition, which included 4,600 net royalty acres in the permian basin, plus an additional 2,700 net royalty acres in other major basins in exchange for approximately 9.02 million viper common units and $760 million in cash, including customary closing adjustments.
on september 1, 2023, we contributed the deep blue water assets with a net carrying value of $692 million in exchange for $516 million in cash, a 30% equity ownership and voting interest in the newly formed deep blue joint venture and certain contingent consideration.
on january 31, 2023, we closed on the lario acquisition, which included approximately 25,000 gross (16,000 net) acres in the midland basin and certain related oil and gas assets in exchange for 4.33 million shares of our common stock and $814 million, including certain customary post-closing adjustments.
divestitures on july 28, 2023, we divested our 43% limited liability company interest in omog for $225 million in cash received at closing and recorded a gain on the sale of equity method investments of approximately $35 million in the third quarter of 2023 that was included in the caption "other income (expense), net" on the consolidated statement of operations.
on april 28, 2023, we divested non-core assets with an unrelated third-party buyer consisting of approximately 19,000 net acres in glasscock county for total consideration of $269 million, including customary post-closing adjustments.
on march 31, 2023, we divested non-core assets consisting of approximately 4,900 net acres in ward and winkler counties to unrelated third-party buyers for $72 million in net cash proceeds, including customary post-closing adjustments.
on january 9, 2023, we divested our 10% non-operating equity investment in gray oak for $172 million in cash proceeds and recorded a gain on the sale of equity method investments of approximately $53 million in the first quarter of 2023 that was included in "other income (expense), net" on the consolidated statement of operations.
see note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion of our acquisitions and divestitures.
recent developments on february 11, 2024, we entered into the merger agreement to acquire endeavor for consideration consisting of a base cash amount of $8.0 billion, subject to adjustments under the terms of the merger agreement, and approximately 117.27 million shares of our common stock. the endeavor acquisition is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including the approval of the issuance of our common stock in the endeavor acquisition by our stockholders and the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended. as a result of the endeavor acquisition, the endeavor stockholders are expected to hold, at closing, approximately 39.5% of our outstanding common stock.
see note 16-subsequent events in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion of the endeavor acquisition.
commodity prices and inflation prices for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. regional and worldwide economic activity, including any economic downturn or recession that has occurred or may occur in the future, extreme weather conditions and other substantially variable factors, influence market conditions for these products. these factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. during 2023, 2022 and 2021 the nymex wti prices averaged $77.60, $94.33 and $68.11 per bbl, respectively, and the nymex henry hub prices averaged $2.66, $6.54 and $3.71 per mmbtu, respectively. the war in ukraine and the israel-hamas war, rising interest rates, global supply chain disruptions, concerns about a potential economic downturn or recession and measures to combat persistent inflation and instability in the financial sector have contributed to recent economic and pricing volatility and may continue to impact pricing throughout 2023. although the impact of inflation on our business has been insignificant in prior periods, inflation in the u.s. has been rising at its fastest rate in over 40 years, creating inflationary pressure on the cost of services, equipment and other goods in the energy industry and other sectors, which is contributing to labor and materials shortages across the supply-chain. additionally, opec and its non-opec allies, known collectively as opec+, continues to meet regularly to evaluate the state of global oil supply, demand and inventory levels.
outlook during 2023, we had total capital expenditures of $2.7 billion, which was consistent with our guidance presented in november 2023. in 2024, we expect to maintain flat production throughout the year with less capital and activity than 2023, thereby promoting our commitment to capital efficiency. beginning in the first quarter of 2024, our board of directors approved a reduction to our return of capital commitment to our shareholders to at least 50% from 75% of our quarterly free cash flow (as defined in "-capital requirements"). because we will add debt to fund the cash portion of the endeavor acquisition, we are going to allocate more free cash flow to pay down our debt, with a near-term goal to get pro forma net debt below $10 billion through free cash flow generation and potential non-core asset sales. our long-term priority is to return cash to stockholders, and we believe using free cash flow to pay down newly-added debt is in the best long-term interest of our stockholders.
in the midland basin, we continued to have positive results across our core development areas located within midland, martin, howard, glasscock and andrews counties, where development has primarily focused on drilling long-lateral, multi-well pads targeting the spraberry and wolfcamp formations.
in the delaware basin, we continued to target the wolfcamp and bone spring formations across our primary development areas located in pecos, reeves and ward counties. collectively, the delaware basin accounted for approximately 15% of our total development in 2023, and we expect a similar portion of our total development to be focused in these areas in 2024.
as of december 31, 2023, we were operating 15 drilling rigs and four completion crews and currently intend to operate between 12 and 15 drilling rigs and between three and four completion crews in 2024 on average across our current acreage position in the midland and delaware basins.
we have currently budgeted 2024 total capital spend of $2.30 billion to $2.55 billion, which at the midpoint is a reduction of 10% year over year due to a combination of lower well costs and lower activity expected in 2024. we expect to drill approximately 275 wells and turn approximately 310 wells to production, with almost 30% of those wells expected to be turned to production in the first quarter of 2024. should commodity prices weaken, we intend to act responsibly and, consistent with our prior practices, reduce capital spending. if commodity prices strengthen, we intend to maintain flat oil production, pay down indebtedness and return cash to our stockholders.
environmental responsibility initiatives and highlights in september 2022, we announced our medium-term goal to reduce scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas ("ghg") intensity by at least 50% from our 2020 level by 2030. in may 2022, we announced our short-term goal to implement continuous emission monitoring systems ("cems") on our facilities to cover at least 90% of operated oil production by the end of 2023. as of december 31, 2023, we had installed cems that cover approximately 96% of our operated oil production.
in september 2021, we announced our near-term goal to end routine flaring (as defined by the world bank) by 2025 and a near-term target to source over 65% of our water used for drilling and completion operations from recycled sources by 2025. for the full year ended 2023, we flared approximately 3.4% of our gross natural gas production and sourced approximately 73% of our water used for drilling and completion operations from recycled sources.
in february 2021, we announced significant enhancements to our commitment to environmental, social responsibility and governance, or esg, performance and disclosure, including scope 1 and methane emission intensity reduction targets. our goals include the reduction of our scope 1 greenhouse gas intensity by at least 50% and methane intensity by at least 70%, in each case by 2024 from the 2019 levels. to further underscore our commitment to carbon neutrality, we have also implemented our "net zero now" initiative under which, effective january 1, 2021, we strive to produce every hydrocarbon molecule with zero net scope 1 emissions. to the extent our greenhouse gas and methane intensity targets do not eliminate our carbon footprint, we have purchased carbon credits to offset the remaining emissions. esg metrics represent 25% of our annual short-term incentive compensation plan to motivate our executives and our employees to advance our environmental responsibility goals.
2024 guidance the following table presents our current estimates of certain financial and operating results for the full year of 2024, as well as production and cash tax guidance for the first quarter of 2024:
2024 guidance net production - mboe/d                                                       458 - 466
oil production - mbo/d                                                        270 - 275
q1 2024 oil production - mbo/d (total - mboe/d)                   270 - 274 (458 - 464)
(unit costs $/boe):
lease operating expenses, including workovers                             $6.00 - $6.50
general and administrative expenses - cash                                $0.55 - $0.65
non-cash stock-based compensation                                         $0.40 - $0.50
depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion                     $10.50 - $11.50
interest expense (net of interest income)                                 $1.05 - $1.25
gathering, processing and transportation                                  $1.80 - $2.00
production and ad valorem taxes (% of revenue)                                      ~7%
corporate tax rate (% of pre-tax income)                                            23%
cash tax rate (% of pre-tax income)                                           15% - 18%
q1 2024 cash taxes (in millions)                                            $150 - $190
results of operations comparison of the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022
for a discussion of the results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, please refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022 (filed with the sec on february 23, 2023), which is incorporated in this report by reference from such prior report on form 10-k.
the following table sets forth selected historical operating data for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                     2022
revenues (in millions):
oil sales                                                         $7,279                          $7,660
natural gas sales                                                    262                             858
natural gas liquid sales                                             687                           1,048
total oil, natural gas and natural gas liquid revenues            $8,228                          $9,566
production data:
oil (mbbls)                                                       96,176                          81,616
natural gas (mmcf)                                               198,117                         176,376
natural gas liquids (mbbls)                                       34,217                          29,880
combined volumes (mboe)(1)                                       163,413                         140,892
daily oil volumes (bo/d)                                         263,496                         223,605
daily combined volumes (boe/d)                                   447,707                         386,005
average prices:
oil ($ per bbl)                                                   $75.68                          $93.85
natural gas ($ per mcf)                                            $1.32                           $4.86
natural gas liquids ($ per bbl)                                   $20.08                          $35.07
combined ($ per boe)                                              $50.35                          $67.90
oil, hedged ($ per bbl)(2)                                        $74.72                          $86.76
natural gas, hedged ($ per mcf)(2)                                 $1.48                           $4.12
natural gas liquids, hedged ($ per bbl)(2)                        $20.08                          $35.07
average price, hedged ($ per boe)(2)                              $49.98                          $62.85
(1)bbl equivalents are calculated using a conversion rate of six mcf per bbl.
(2)hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices and include gains and losses on cash settlements for matured commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting. hedged prices exclude gains or losses resulting from the early settlement of commodity derivative contracts.
production data. substantially all of our revenues are generated through the sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids production. the following table provides information on the mix of our production for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                      2022
oil (mbbls)                              59    %                       58    %
natural gas (mmcf)                       20    %                       21    %
natural gas liquids (mbbls)              21    %                       21    %
100                                            %                      100    %
see items 1 and 2. business and properties-oil and natural gas data-oil and natural gas production and price history of this report for further discussion of production by basin.
oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids revenues. our revenues are a function of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids production volumes sold and average sales prices received for those volumes.
our oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids revenues decreased by approximately $1.3 billion, or 14%, to $8.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 from $9.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to a reduction of $3.0 billion attributable to lower average prices received for our oil production and to a lesser extent, our natural gas and natural gas liquids production. the decrease from lower average prices was partially offset by an increase of $1.7 billion attributable to the 16% growth in our combined volumes. approximately 65% of the growth in combined production volumes is attributable to the firebird acquisition and the lario acquisition, with the remainder primarily attributable to new wells drilled on previously existing acreage.
net sales of purchased oil. beginning in the third quarter of 2023, we entered into purchase transactions with third parties and separate sale transactions with third parties to satisfy certain of our unused oil pipeline capacity commitments.
the following table presents the net sales of purchased oil from third parties for the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                            2023   2022
sales of purchased oil              $111                       $-
purchased oil expense                111                       -
net sales of purchased oil            $-                       $-
other revenues. the following table shows the other insignificant revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                         2023   2022
other operating income            $73                           $77
lease operating expenses. the following table shows lease operating expenses for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                   2022
(in millions, except per boe amounts)        amount                     per boe                    amount                     per boe lease operating expenses                     $872                       $5.34                      $652                       $4.63
lease operating expenses increased by $220 million, or $0.71 per boe for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022. the increase primarily consists of (i) $119 million in lease operating expenses incurred on production volumes from the firebird acquisition and the lario acquisition, (ii) $33 million in additional costs incurred for water services as a result of divesting the deep blue water assets in the third quarter of 2023, and (iii) increases in other individually insignificant costs due primarily to inflationary pressures.
production and ad valorem tax expense. the following table shows production and ad valorem tax expense for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2022
(in millions, except per boe amounts)                 amount                 per boe                percentage of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids revenue                  amount                 per boe                percentage of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids revenue production taxes                                   $380                   $2.32                                                         4.6                      %               $483                   $3.43                                                         5.0                      %
ad valorem taxes                                    145                    0.89                                                         1.8                                       128                    0.91                                                         1.3
total production and ad valorem expense            $525                   $3.21                                                         6.4                      %               $611                   $4.34                                                         6.3                      %
in general, production taxes are directly related to production revenues and are based upon current year commodity prices. production taxes as a percentage of production revenues decreased slightly for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to a decrease in natural gas and natural gas liquids sales, which have a higher production tax rate.
ad valorem taxes are based, among other factors, on property values driven by prior year commodity prices. ad valorem taxes for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 increased by $17 million, which consisted of $20 million in additional ad valorem taxes for properties acquired in the firebird acquisition and the lario acquisition, partially offset by a decrease in tax rates for multiple taxing authorities.
gathering, processing and transportation expense. the following table shows gathering, processing and transportation expense for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                      2022
(in millions, except per boe amounts)           amount                     per boe                    amount                     per boe gathering, processing and transportation        $287                       $1.76                      $258                       $1.83
the increase in gathering, processing and transportation expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 is primarily attributable to the growth in production volumes discussed above. the rate per boe decreased between periods primarily due to the 2022 period including additional fees incurred on minimum volume commitments.
depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion. the following table provides the components of our depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except boe amounts)                                           2023                            2022
depletion of proved oil and natural gas properties                   $1,669                          $1,250
depreciation of other property and equipment                             56                              77
other amortization                                                        6                               3
asset retirement obligation accretion                                    15                              14
depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion expense          $1,746                          $1,344
oil and natural gas properties depletion rate per boe                $10.21                           $8.87
depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion per boe          $10.68                           $9.54
the increase in depletion of proved oil and natural gas properties of $419 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022 resulted primarily from (i) $129 million in additional depletion on production from the firebird acquisition and the lario acquisition, (ii) $71 million from the increase in other production volumes, and (iii) $219 million due to an increase in the depletion rate resulting from the addition of leasehold costs and reserves from the firebird acquisition, the lario acquisition and the grp acquisition.
general and administrative expenses. the following table shows general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                     2022
(in millions, except per boe amounts)                 amount                    per boe                     amount                    per boe general and administrative expenses                 $96                      $0.59                        $89                      $0.63
non-cash stock-based compensation                    54                       0.33                         55                       0.39
total general and administrative expenses          $150                      $0.92                       $144                      $1.02
the increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 was primarily due to $6 million in additional professional services and legal costs in the current year and to a lesser extent, additional payroll and other employee driven costs.
other operating costs and expenses. the following table shows the other operating costs and expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                  2023   2022
merger and integration expenses            $11                           $14
other operating expenses                  $140                          $112
the increase in other operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily resulted from additional midstream services expenses incurred for activity on leasehold acreage obtained in the firebird acquisition and lario acquisition.
derivative instruments. the following table shows the net gain (loss) on derivative instruments and the net cash received (paid) on settlements of derivative instruments for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                      2023             2022
gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net         $(259)                          $(586)
net cash received (paid) on settlements(1)         $(110)                          $(850)
(1)the year ended december 31, 2022 includes cash paid on commodity contracts terminated prior to their contractual maturity of $138 million.
we recorded losses on our derivative instruments for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 primarily due to market prices being higher than the strike prices on our derivative contracts.
see note 12-derivatives in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further details regarding our derivative instruments and interest rate swaps.
other income (expense). the following table shows other income and expenses for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                      2023             2022
interest expense, net                              $(175)                          $(159)
other income (expense), net                        $68                             $(5)
gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt              $(4)                            $(99)
income (loss) from equity investments, net         $48                             $77
the increase in net interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, reflects (i) a net increase of $62 million in interest expense on our senior notes which consisted of $108 million in additional interest costs on senior notes issued during 2023 and 2022, partially offset by a reduction of $46 million from the impact of retirements of various other senior notes in 2023 and 2022, and (ii) an $11 million increase in interest expense on our and viper's revolving credit facilities due primarily to higher weighted average interest rates and borrowings to fund the cash portion of acquisitions and other corporate expenses. these increases were partially offset by a $47 million increase in capitalized interest costs, which reduce interest expense, and other insignificant reductions in interest income and the amortization of debt issuances costs and discounts.
other income (expense), net for the year ended december 31, 2023 includes a $53 million gain on the sale of our equity method investment in gray oak and a $35 million gain on the sale of our equity method investment in omog as discussed further in note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report, partially offset by various other insignificant expenses.
gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt reflects the difference between the carrying value and reacquisition price for the repurchases and redemptions of various senior notes during the 2023 and 2022 periods.
see note 8-debt in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further details regarding outstanding borrowings, interest expense and gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt.
the decrease in income from our equity investments primarily reflects a reduction of $19 million due to the sale of gray oak in january 2023 and an $18 million decrease in income from the wtg joint venture in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to lower commodity prices in 2023. this was slightly offset by a $5 million increase in income from the wink to webster pipeline and a $2 million increase in net income from the deep blue equity method investment acquired in september 2023. see note 7-equity method investments and related party transactions in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion.
provision for (benefit from) income taxes. the following table shows the provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                           2023   2022
provision for (benefit from) income taxes          $912                          $1,174
the change in our income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in pre-tax income resulting largely from the decline in revenues from oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids and was partially offset by the discrete income tax benefit recognized for the year ended december 31, 2022 related to a reduction in viper's valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. see note 11-income taxes in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion of our income tax expense.
liquidity and capital resources overview of sources and uses of cash historically, our primary sources of liquidity have included cash flows from operations, proceeds from our public equity offerings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the issuance of senior notes and sales of non-core assets. our primary uses of capital have been for the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties and repayment of debt and returning capital to stockholders. at december 31, 2023, we had approximately $2.2 billion of liquidity consisting of $556 million in standalone cash and cash equivalents and $1.6 billion available under our credit facility. as discussed below, our capital budget for 2024 is $2.30 billion to $2.55 billion. as of december 31, 2023, we have no debt maturities until 2026.
future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and volatility of commodity prices. further, significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties. prices for our commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions, regional and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors. these factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. see item 1a. risk factors of this report above. in order to mitigate this volatility, we enter into derivative contracts with a number of financial institutions, all of which are participants in our credit facility, to economically hedge a portion of our estimated future crude oil and natural gas production as discussed further in note 12-derivatives in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data and item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk of this report. the level of our hedging activity and duration of the financial instruments employed depend on our desired cash flow protection, available hedge prices, the magnitude of our capital program and our operating strategy.
cash flow our cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 are presented below:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                         2022
(in millions)
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities            $5,920                          $6,325
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities           (3,323)                         (3,330)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities           (2,176)                         (3,503)
net change in cash                                               $421                          $(508)
operating activities our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions, which are influenced by regional and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors. these factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict.
the decrease in operating cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily resulted from (i) a decrease of $1.2 billion in total revenue, and (ii) an increase in our cash operating expenses of approximately $306 million. these were partially offset by (i) a reduction of $740 million in net cash paid on settlements of derivative contracts, (ii) a reduction of $366 million in cash paid for taxes, and (iii) fluctuations in other working capital balances due primarily to the timing of when collections were made on accounts receivable, including taxes receivable, and payments made on accounts payable. see "-results of operations" for discussion of significant changes in our revenues and expenses.
investing activities the majority of our net cash used for investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was for drilling and completion costs in conjunction with our development program as well as the purchase of oil and gas properties including the lario acquisition and grp acquisition. these cash outflows were partially offset by proceeds received from the divestitures of various oil and gas properties and other assets, which are discussed further in note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
capital expenditure activities our capital expenditures excluding acquisitions and equity method investments (on a cash basis) were as follows for the specified period:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                2022
(in millions)
drilling, completions and non-operated additions to oil and natural gas properties           $2,429                          $1,685
infrastructure additions to oil and natural gas properties                                      153                             169
additions to midstream assets                                                                   119                              84
total                                                                                        $2,701                          $1,938
for further discussion regarding our development program, please see items 1 and 2. business and properties-oil and natural gas data-wells drilled and completed in 2023 of this report.
financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to (i) $1.4 billion of dividends paid to stockholders as we continued our return of capital program, (ii) $935 million of repurchases as part of the diamondback and viper share repurchase programs, (iii) $134 million paid for the retirement of principal outstanding on certain senior notes, and (iv) $129 million in distributions to non-controlling interest. these cash outflows were partially offset by $394 million in net proceeds from the issuance of the viper 2031 notes and an additional $111 million in borrowings under credit facilities, net of repayments.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to (i) $2.4 billion paid for the retirement of outstanding principal on certain senior notes, as well as $63 million of additional premiums paid in connection with the repurchases, (ii) $1.3 billion of repurchases as part of the share and unit repurchase programs, (iii) $1.6 billion of dividends paid to stockholders, and (iv) $217 million in distributions to non-controlling interest. the cash outflows were partially offset by (i) $2.5 billion in proceeds from our senior notes issued in 2022, and (ii) $347 million of payments under our and our subsidiaries' credit facilities, net of borrowings.
capital resources our working capital requirements are supported by our cash and cash equivalents and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility. we may draw on our revolving credit facility to meet short-term cash requirements, or issue debt or equity securities as part of our longer-term liquidity and capital management program and to finance the pending endeavor acquisition. because of the alternatives available to us, we believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity are adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term and long-term capital requirements.
as we pursue our business and financial strategy, we regularly consider which capital resources, including cash flow and equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements. our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. continued prolonged volatility in the capital, financial and/or credit markets due to the war in ukraine and israel-hamas war, and/or adverse macroeconomic conditions may limit our access to, or increase our cost of, capital or make capital unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.
revolving credit facilities and senior notes as of december 31, 2023, the maximum credit amount available under our credit agreement was $1.6 billion, which may be increased to a total maximum commitment amount of $2.6 billion, with no outstanding borrowings. our credit agreement matures on june 2, 2028, and may further extend it by one one-year extension pursuant to the terms set forth in the credit agreement.
viper's credit agreement the viper credit agreement, as amended to date, matures on september 22, 2028 and provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum credit amount of $2.0 billion, with a borrowing base of $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2023, although viper had an elected commitment amount of $850 million, based on viper llc's oil and natural gas reserves and other factors. at december 31, 2023, there were $263 million of outstanding borrowings and $587 million available for future borrowings under the viper credit agreement.
issuance of viper 2031 notes on october 19, 2023, viper issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of its 7.375% senior notes maturing on november 1, 2031. through maturity, viper expects to incur approximately $236 million in aggregate interest costs (approximately $30 million annually) for the viper 2031 notes.
for additional discussion of our outstanding debt as of december 31, 2023, see note 8-debt in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
debt ratings we receive debt ratings from the major ratings agencies in the u.s. in determining our debt ratings, the agencies consider a number of qualitative and quantitative items including, but not limited to, commodity pricing levels, our liquidity, asset quality, reserve mix, debt levels, cost structure, planned asset sales and production growth opportunities. our credit ratings from the three main credit rating agencies are as follows:
•standard and poor's global ratings services (bbb-);
•fitch investor services (bbb); and
•moody's investor services (baa2).
any rating downgrades may result in additional letters of credit or cash collateral being posted under certain contractual arrangements.
capital requirements in addition to future operating expenses and working capital commitments discussed in "-outlook", our primary short and long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of (i) capital expenditures, (ii) payments of principal and interest on our revolving credit agreements and senior notes, (iii) payments of other contractual obligations, (iv) cash commitments for dividends and repurchases of securities, and (v) the pending endeavor acquisition.
2024 capital spending plan our board of directors approved a 2024 capital budget for drilling, midstream infrastructure and environmental of $2.30 billion to $2.55 billion. we estimate that, of these expenditures, approximately:
•$2.10 billion to $2.33 billion will be spent primarily on drilling 265 to 285 gross (244 to 263 net) horizontal wells and completing 300 to 320 gross (273 to 291 net) horizontal wells across our operated and non-operated leasehold acreage in the northern midland and southern delaware basins, with an average lateral length of approximately 11,500+ feet;
•approximately $200 million to $220 million will be spent on infrastructure and midstream expenditures, excluding the cost of any leasehold and mineral interest acquisitions.
the amount and timing of our capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within our control. we could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. we will continue monitoring commodity prices and overall market conditions and can adjust our rig cadence and our capital expenditure budget up or down in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions.
payments of principal and interest on senior notes at december 31, 2023, we have total principal payments due on our outstanding senior notes, including those of viper, of $764 million in 2026, $430 million in 2027, $73 million in 2028 and $5.3 billion thereafter. additionally, we expect to incur future cash interest costs on these senior notes of approximately $310 million in 2024, $619 million cumulatively in the years from 2025 through 2026, $543 million cumulatively in the years from 2027 and 2028, and $2.9 billion cumulatively between 2029 and 2053.
retirements of notes in january 2024, we opportunistically repurchased principal amounts of $22 million of our 3.125% senior notes due 2031 and $6 million of our 3.500% senior notes due 2029 in open market transactions for total cash consideration of $25 million, at an average of 89.0% of par value.
we may continue to repurchase some of our outstanding senior notes in open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions in future periods.
other contractual obligations and commitments at december 31, 2023, our other significant contractual obligations consist primarily of (i) minimum transportation commitments totaling $768 million, (ii) electrical power purchase commitments totaling $407 million (iii) asset retirement obligations totaling $245 million, (iv) electronic fracturing fleet and related power generation services commitments totaling $93 million and (v) minimum purchase commitments for quantities of sand used in our drilling operations totaling $70 million. we expect to make aggregate payments of approximately $252 million for these commitments during 2024. see note 6-asset retirement obligations and note 15-commitments and contingencies in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion of these and other contractual obligations and commitments.
we and five point currently anticipate collectively contributing $500 million in follow-on capital to fund future deep blue growth projects and acquisitions.
return of capital commitment beginning in the first quarter of 2024, our board of directors has approved a reduction in our return of capital commitment to at least 50% from 75% of our quarterly free cash flow to our shareholders through repurchases under our share repurchase program, base dividends and variable dividends. the remainder of our free cash flow will be used primarily to reduce debt. on february 11, 2024, our board of directors approved an increase in our annual base dividend to $3.60 per share of common stock and, on february 16, 2024, our board of directors declared a combined base and variable dividend for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $3.08 per share of common stock.
free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. as used by us, free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital in excess of cash capital expenditures and other adjustments as determined by us. we believe that free cash flow is useful to investors as it provides a measure to compare both cash flow from operating activities and additions to oil and natural gas properties across periods on a consistent basis.
future base and variable dividends are at the discretion of our board of directors, and the board of directors may change the dividend amount from time to time based on our outlook for commodity prices, liquidity, debt levels, capital resources, free cash flow and other factors. we can provide no assurance that dividends will be authorized or declared in the future or as to the amount and type of any future dividends. any future dividends, whether base or variable, if declared and paid, will by their nature fluctuate based on our free cash flow, which will depend on a number of factors beyond our control, including commodity prices.
as of february 16, 2024, we have repurchased 19.3 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of $2.4 billion since the inception of the stock repurchase program, excluding excise tax. we intend to continue to opportunistically purchase shares under this repurchase program with available funds primarily from cash flow from operations and liquidity events such as the sale of assets while maintaining sufficient liquidity to fund our capital expenditure programs. see note 9-stockholders' equity and earnings per share in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion of the repurchase program.
pending endeavor acquisition on february 11, 2024, in connection with the execution of the merger agreement, we entered into a commitment letter with citi pursuant to which citi committed to provide an $8.0 billion senior unsecured bridge facility, subject to customary conditions. we expect to replace such commitment with permanent debt financing prior to the closing of the endeavor acquisition.
guarantor financial information diamondback e&p is the sole guarantor under the indentures governing the outstanding guaranteed senior notes.
guarantees are "full and unconditional," as that term is used in regulation s-x, rule 3-10(b)(3), except that such guarantees will be released or terminated in certain circumstances set forth in the indentures governing the guaranteed senior notes, such as, with certain exceptions, (i) in the event diamondback e&p (or all or substantially all of its assets) is sold or disposed of, (ii) in the event diamondback e&p ceases to be a guarantor of or otherwise be an obligor under certain other indebtedness, and (iii) in connection with any covenant defeasance, legal defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the relevant indenture.
diamondback e&p's guarantees of the guaranteed senior notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to any of its future subordinated indebtedness, equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness, including its obligations under its revolving credit facility, and effectively subordinated to any of its existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness.
the rights of holders of the guaranteed senior notes against diamondback e&p may be limited under the u.s. bankruptcy code or state fraudulent transfer or conveyance law. each guarantee contains a provision intended to limit diamondback e&p's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent conveyance. however, there can be no assurance as to what standard a court will apply in making a determination of the maximum liability of diamondback e&p. moreover, this provision may not be effective to protect the guarantee from being voided under fraudulent conveyance laws. there is a possibility that the entire guarantee may be set aside, in which case the entire liability may be extinguished.
the following tables present summarized financial information for diamondback energy, inc., as the parent, and diamondback e&p, as the guarantor subsidiary, on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances between the parent and the guarantor subsidiary, and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor. the information is presented in accordance with the requirements of rule 13-01 under the sec's regulation s-x. the financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position had the guarantor subsidiary operated as an independent entity.
december 31, 2023
summarized balance sheets:                                             (in millions)
assets:
current assets                                                        $1,269
property and equipment, net                                          $20,780
other noncurrent assets                                                  $28
liabilities:
current liabilities                                                   $1,974
intercompany accounts payable, non-guarantor subsidiary               $2,217
long-term debt                                                        $5,544
other noncurrent liabilities                                          $2,835
year ended december 31, 2023
summarized statement of operations:                           (in millions)
revenues                                                 $6,959
income (loss) from operations                            $3,590
net income (loss)                                        $2,395
critical accounting estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states.
certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated by our management, requiring certain assumptions to be made with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on a regular basis. critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the registrant. any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.
we consider the following to be our most critical accounting estimates and have reviewed these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
oil and natural gas accounting and reserves we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting, which is dependent on the estimation of proved reserves to determine the rate at which we record depletion on our oil and natural gas properties and whether the value of our evaluated oil and natural gas properties is permanently impaired based on the quarterly full cost ceiling impairment test. further, we utilize estimated proved reserves to assign fair value to acquired proved oil and natural gas properties including mineral and royalty interests. as such, we consider the estimation of proved reserves to be a critical accounting estimate.
oil and natural gas reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be precisely measured and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. proved oil and natural gas reserve estimates and their associated future net cash flows were prepared by our internal reservoir engineers and audited by ryder scott company, l.p., independent petroleum engineers as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 and prepared by ryder scott as of december 31, 2021. the process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex, requiring significant decisions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. significant inputs included in the calculation of future net cash flows include our estimate of operating and development costs, anticipated production of proved reserves and other relevant data. the data for a given property may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors, including additional development activity, evolving production history and a continual reassessment of the viability of production under changing economic conditions. as a result, material revisions to existing reserve estimates occur from time to time, and reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. although every reasonable effort is made to ensure that reported reserve estimates represent the most accurate assessments possible, the subjective decisions and variances in available data for various properties increase the likelihood of significant changes in these estimates. if such changes are material, they could significantly affect future depletion of capitalized costs and result in impairment of assets that may be material. revisions of previous reserve estimates accounted for approximately $1.3 billion, or 15% of the change in the standardized measure of our total reserves from december 31, 2022 to december 31, 2023. no impairments were recorded for our proved oil and gas properties during the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. based on the historical 12-month average trailing sec prices for oil and natural gas throughout 2023 and into 2024, we are not currently projecting a full cost ceiling impairment in the first quarter of 2024.
additionally, costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. we assess all items classified as unevaluated property (on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant) at least annually for possible impairment. this assessment is subjective and includes consideration of the following factors, among others: (i) intent to drill, (ii) remaining lease term, (iii) geological and geophysical evaluations, (iv) drilling results and activity, (v) the assignment of proved reserves, and (vi) the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. at december 31, 2023, our unevaluated properties totaled $8.7 billion, which consisted of 222,342 net undeveloped leasehold acres with approximately 8,807 net acres set to expire in 2024. we did not record any impairment on our unevaluated properties during the year ended december 31, 2023, but any such future impairment could potentially be material to our consolidated financial statements.
commodity derivatives from time to time, we use commodity derivatives for the purpose of mitigating the risk resulting from fluctuations in the market price of crude oil and natural gas. we exercise significant judgment in determining the types of instruments to be used, the level of production volumes to include in our commodity derivative contracts, the prices at which we enter into commodity derivative contracts and the counterparties' creditworthiness. we do not use these instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
we have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and, as a result, mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash change in fair value on derivative instruments for each period in the consolidated statements of operations. we are also required to recognize our derivative instruments on the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value with such amounts classified as current or long-term based on their anticipated settlement dates. the accounting for the changes in fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and resulting designation, and is generally determined using various inputs and assumptions including established index prices and other sources which are based upon, among other things, futures prices, time to maturity, implied volatilities and counterparty credit risk.
these fair values are recorded by netting asset and liability positions, including any deferred premiums, that are with the same counterparty and are subject to contractual terms which provide for net settlement. changes in the fair values of our commodity derivative instruments have a significant impact on our net income because we follow mark-to-market accounting and recognize all gains and losses on such instruments in earnings in the period in which they occur.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk of this report for additional sensitivity analysis of our open derivative positions at december 31, 2023.
business combinations we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. accordingly, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized at the date of acquisition at their respective estimated fair values.
we make various assumptions in estimating the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. fair value estimates are determined based on information that existed at the time of the acquisition, utilizing expectations and assumptions that would be available to and made by a market participant. when market-observable prices are not available to value assets and liabilities, the company may use the cost, income, or market valuation approaches depending on the quality of information available to support management's assumptions.
the most significant assumptions relate to the estimated fair values assigned to our proved and unproved oil and natural gas properties. the assumptions made in performing these valuations include future production volumes, future commodity prices and costs, future operating and development activities, projections of oil and gas reserves and a weighted average cost of capital rate. the market-based weighted average cost of capital rate is subjected to additional project-specific risking factors. in addition, when appropriate, we review comparable purchases and sales of natural gas and oil properties within the same regions, and use that data as a proxy for fair market value; for example, the amount a willing buyer and seller would enter into in exchange for such properties. changes in key assumptions may cause the acquisition accounting to be revised, including the recognition of goodwill or discount on an acquisition. there is no assurance the underlying assumptions or estimates associated with the valuation will occur as initially expected. see note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for further discussion of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the grp acquisition, lario acquisition, firebird acquisition, qep merger and guidon acquisition including any significant changes in these estimates from the date of acquisition.
estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired can have a significant effect on results of operations in the future. in addition, differences between the future commodity prices when acquiring assets and the historical 12-month average trailing price to calculate ceiling test impairments of upstream assets may impact net earnings.
income taxes the amount of income taxes we record requires interpretations of complex rules and regulations of federal, state, and local tax jurisdictions. we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized after considering all positive and negative evidence available concerning the realizability of our deferred tax assets. positive evidence may include forecasts of future taxable income, assessment of future business assumptions and any applicable tax planning strategies available to the company. negative evidence may include losses in recent years, if any, or the projection of losses in future periods. the assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets, including the assessment of whether a valuation allowance is required, entails that we make estimates of, and assumptions about, future events, including the pattern of reversal of taxable temporary differences and our future income from operations. estimating future taxable income requires numerous judgments and assumptions, including projections of future operating conditions which may be impacted by volatile future prices for our oil, natural gas and natural gas production, the expected timing and quantity of future production volumes, and the impact of our commodity derivative instruments on our income.
in 2023, management's assessment of all available evidence, both positive and negative, supporting realizability of viper's deferred tax assets as required by applicable accounting standards, resulted in recognition of a deferred income tax benefit of $7 million for an increase in the portion of viper's deferred tax assets considered more likely than not to be realized. the positive evidence assessed included recent cumulative income due in part to higher commodity prices and an expectation of future taxable income based upon recent actual and forecasted production volumes and prices. viper retained a partial valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets due primarily to potential future volatility in commodity prices and an inherent lack of visibility to certain underlying operator activity for more than relatively short periods of time, which could impact the likelihood of future realizability. as of december 31, 2023, viper had a deferred tax asset of $170 million offset by an allowance of $114 million. any changes in the positive or negative evidence evaluated when determining if viper's deferred tax assets will be realized, including projected future income, could result in a material change to our consolidated financial statements. in addition, the determination to maintain a valuation allowance on certain tax attributes acquired from qep and certain state nol carryforwards which the company does not believe are realizable prior to expiration was based on an evaluation of available positive and negative evidence, including the annual limitation imposed by section 382 of the code subsequent to an ownership change and the anticipated timing of reversal of the company's deferred tax liabilities in the applicable jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2023, our balance of taxable temporary differences anticipated to reverse within the carryforward period provides significant positive evidence for the determination that our remaining deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. any change in the positive or negative evidence evaluated when determining if our deferred tax assets will be realized, including projected future taxable income primarily related to the excess of book carrying value over tax basis of our oil and natural gas properties, could result in a material change to our consolidated financial statements.
the accruals for deferred tax assets and liabilities are often based on uncertain tax positions and assumptions that are subject to a significant amount of judgment by management. these assumptions and judgments are reviewed and adjusted as facts and circumstances change. at december 31, 2023, we had no uncertain tax positions, however, material changes to our income tax accruals may occur in the future based on the progress of ongoing audits, changes in legislation or resolution of pending matters.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted, if any.
off-balance sheet arrangements see note 15-commitments and contingencies in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report for a discussion of our significant commitments and contingencies, some of which are not recognized in the consolidated balance sheets under gaap.
