item 1a.     risk factors in addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those listed below and others described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the risks described herein could result in a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
risks related to our business and operations security breaches, privacy breaches, cyberattacks, unintentional disclosures of confidential information, third-party breaches, or a failure to comply with information security laws or regulations, contractual provisions or industry security requirements by fis, or our vendors, or technology partners, could harm our business by disrupting delivery of services, damaging our reputation and resulting in a breach of one or more client contracts or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or fines.
cybersecurity is fundamental to fis' complex, global business. fis and its vendors and technology partners electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive and confidential information of fis' clients, such clients' customers and business partners. fis collects consumer personal data, such as names and addresses, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, financial account numbers, transactional history, cardholder data and payment history records. such information is necessary to support our clients' transaction processing and to conduct our check authorization and collection businesses. our information systems are dependent upon hardware, software, and other technological components that are both developed by fis and provided by third parties. these components sometimes require patches, updates, or remediation of known or potential vulnerabilities. implementation challenges in timely completing these tasks can lead to security vulnerabilities that expose fis, its systems and data to potential compromise or interruption. the uninterrupted operation of information systems operated by fis and others, as well as the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems, is critical to the successful operation of fis. for that reason, security or privacy breaches are some of the principal operational risks fis faces as a provider of services to financial institutions and businesses, and, like other such providers, fis is a regular target of third-party attempts to identify and exploit system vulnerabilities and/or penetrate or bypass our security measures in order to gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems. if fis fails to maintain an adequate security infrastructure, adapt to emerging security threats (such as the use of artificial intelligence by threat actors in furtherance of cyber attacks), identify security vulnerabilities, prevent unauthorized access, identity theft or other cybersecurity risks (e.g., distributed denial of service, ransomware, and other cyber attacks), manage vendor or supply chain cybersecurity risks, or implement sufficient security standards and technology to protect against security or privacy breaches, the confidentiality of the information fis secures could be compromised. unauthorized access to or abuse of authorized access to the computer systems or databases of fis or our vendors could result in the theft or publication of confidential information and personal data, the deletion or modification of records, disruption of service delivery, installation of malware, and the potential need to pay ransom, or otherwise cause interruptions in fis' operations. these issues in turn could give rise to legal actions from clients and/or such clients' customers, regulatory investigation or enforcement activity, losses and expenses associated with such events, and damage to fis' reputation. because fis serves a diverse client base with different technology and service needs, we must continue to work to enhance our ability to manage the risks from the resulting diversity in potential security attacks.
as a provider of services to financial institutions and businesses, fis is bound by many of the same limitations on disclosure of the information fis receives from clients as apply to the clients themselves. if fis fails to comply with these regulations and industry security requirements, including those imposed by the payment card industry through its digital security standards and other rules, it could be exposed to damages from legal actions from clients and/or their customers, governmental proceedings, governmental notice requirements, and the imposition of significant fines or prohibitions on providing services. fis is a highly regulated entity and is subject to a myriad of complex, evolving regulations and standards, including cybersecurity and privacy laws, regulations and industry standards. in addition, if more restrictive privacy laws, data protection rules or industry security requirements are adopted in the future on the federal or state level, or by a non-u.s. jurisdiction in or from which we serve clients, or by a specific industry body, those changes could have an adverse impact on fis through increased costs or by imposing changes or inefficiencies on business processes.
a material privacy or security incident may trigger sec disclosure obligations, other applicable disclosure requirements, or be disclosed publicly even if there is no legally required disclosure. incident disclosure may increase the risks of lawsuits or government enforcement action related to incidents, increase attention to malicious actors, and lead to greater regulatory scrutiny more generally. the occurrence of any such incidents, and the related responses (if any) by regulators or third parties, may result in adverse publicity and reputational harm to us.
if fis is unable, or appears to be unable, to prevent cybersecurity or privacy breaches, we risk reputational damage. our existing clients could lose confidence in fis' systems and thus choose to terminate their agreements with fis. such reputational harm could also inhibit fis' ability to attract new clients; potentially increase government, regulatory, or media scrutiny; or give rise to new regulatory requirements that adversely affect fis' ability to do business in one or more parts of the world.
if we fail to innovate or adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade or implement our technology are not successful, we could lose clients, or our clients could lose customers, and we could have difficulty attracting new clients for our solutions.
the markets for our solutions are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new solutions and evolving industry standards. our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current solutions and develop and introduce new solutions and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. in addition, as more of our revenue and market demand shifts to software as a service ("saas"), business process as a service ("bpaas"), cloud, and new emerging technologies, the need to keep pace with rapid technology changes becomes more acute. these initiatives carry the risks associated with any new solution development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and implementation, and performance issues. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing, marketing and selling new solutions or enhancements that meet these changing demands. if we are not successful in these efforts, we could lose clients, or our clients could lose customers, and we could have difficulty attracting new clients for our solutions. any of these developments could have an adverse impact on our future revenue and/or business prospects.
we operate in a competitive business environment; if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
the market for our solutions is intensely competitive. our competitors in banking and capital markets vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the solutions and services they offer. some of our competitors have substantial resources. we face direct competition from third parties, and because many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house and therefore view their system requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective, we also often compete against our potential clients' in-house capacities. in addition, the markets in which we compete have recently attracted increasing competition from smaller start-ups with emerging technologies which are receiving increasing investments as well as global banks (and businesses controlled by combinations of global banks) and global internet companies that are introducing competitive solutions and services into the marketplace, particularly in the payments area. emerging technologies and increased competition may also have the effect of unbundling bank solutions and result in displacing solutions we are currently providing from our legacy systems. international competitors are also now targeting and entering the u.s. market with greater force. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face in the markets in which we operate will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
global economic, political and other conditions, including business cycles and consumer confidence, as well as geopolitical conflicts, may adversely affect our clients or trends in consumer spending, which may adversely impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability.
a significant portion of our revenue is derived from transaction processing fees. the global transaction processing industries depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. any change in economic factors, including a sustained deterioration in general economic conditions or consumer confidence, particularly in the u.s., or inflation and increases in interest rates in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer spending, consumer debt levels and credit and debit card usage, and as a result, adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions that we service. in addition, the direct and indirect effects of geopolitical conflicts, such as the russia-ukraine war and the conflict between israel and hamas, have adversely affected, and worsening or future conflicts could materially adversely affect, global economic activity and transaction processing volumes.
when there is a slowdown or downturn in the economy, a drop in stock market levels or trading volumes, or an event that disrupts the financial markets, our business and financial results may suffer for a number of reasons. customers may react to worsening conditions by reducing or delaying their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing or delaying their information technology spending. in addition, customers may seek to curtail trading operations or to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers to lower-cost solutions. any further protective trade policies or actions taken by the u.s. may also result in other countries reducing, or making more expensive, services permitted to be provided by u.s.-based companies. lengthening sales cycles observed in 2022, particularly for large banking transactions with a total contract value in excess of $50 million, persisted during most of 2023, which we believe resulted from economic uncertainty, and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our results of operations. if any of these circumstances remain in effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
entity mergers or consolidations and business failures in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our business by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and making us more dependent on a more limited number of clients.
there has been and may continue to be substantial consolidation activity in the banking and financial services industry. in addition, certain financial institutions that experienced negative operating results, including some of our clients, have failed, leading to further consolidation. these consolidations, including those spurred by failures, reduce our number of potential clients and may reduce our number of existing clients, which could adversely affect our revenue, even if the events do not reduce the aggregate activities of the consolidated entities. further, if our clients or our partners across any of our businesses fail and/or merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients or our partners, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce use of our services. it is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidations would have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
failure to obtain new clients or renew client contracts on favorable terms could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we may face pricing pressure in obtaining and retaining our clients. larger clients in particular may use their negotiating leverage to seek price reductions from us when they renew a contract, when a contract is extended, or when the client's business has significant volume changes. larger clients may also reduce services if they decide to move services in-house. further, our smaller and mid-size clients may also exert pricing pressure, particularly upon renewal, due to competition or other economic needs or pressures being experienced by the client. on some occasions, this pricing pressure results in lower revenue from a client than we had anticipated based on our previous agreement with that client. this reduction in revenue could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if we experience business interruptions, errors or failure in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems and other software and hardware used in connection with our business, if we experience defects or design errors in the software solutions we offer, or more generally, if the third-party vendors we rely upon are unwilling or unable to provide the services we need to operate our business effectively.
many of our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. further, the technology solutions underlying our services have occasionally contained, and may in the future contain, undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. in addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by our clients, or our clients may cancel a project after we have expended significant effort and resources to complete an installation. finally, our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from fire, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, typhoons, drought, high-winds, severe weather events, other natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses. defects in our technology solutions, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions, or other difficulties could result in (i) interruption of business operations; (ii) delay in market acceptance; (iii) additional development and remediation costs; (iv) diversion of technical and other resources; (v) loss of clients; (vi) negative publicity; or (vii) exposure to liability claims. any one or more of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. although we attempt to limit our potential liability through controls, including system redundancies, security controls, application development and testing controls, and disclaimers and limitation-of-liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will always be successful in preventing disruption or limiting our liability.
further, most of the solutions we offer are very complex software systems that are regularly updated. no matter how careful the design and development, complex software often contains errors and defects when first introduced and when major new updates or enhancements are released. if errors or defects are discovered in current or future solutions, then we may not be able to correct them in a timely manner, if at all. in our development of updates and enhancements to our software solutions, we may make a major design error that makes the solution operate incorrectly or less efficiently. the failure of software to properly perform could result in the company and its clients being subjected to losses or liability, including censures, fines, or other sanctions by the applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. in addition, such errors could cause the company to lose revenue, lose clients or damage its reputation.
in addition, we generally depend on a number of third parties, both in the united states and internationally, to supply elements of our systems, computers, research and market data, connectivity, communication network infrastructure, other equipment and related support and maintenance. we cannot be certain that any of these third parties will be able to continue providing these services to meet our evolving needs effectively. if our vendors, or in certain cases vendors of our customers, fail to meet their obligations, provide poor or untimely service, or we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the provision of these services, then we may in turn fail to provide our services or to meet our obligations to our customers, and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
bank failures or sustained financial market disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in banks that are not subject to insurance protection against loss or exceed the deposit limits. we also maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not insured or are only partially insured. the failure of a bank, or events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to disruptions in access to our bank deposits or otherwise adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. there can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the insurance limits will be backstopped by the u.s. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or otherwise in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis.
our clients, including those of our clients that are banks, may be similarly adversely affected by any bank failure or other event affecting financial institutions. any resulting adverse effects to our clients' liquidity or financial performance could reduce the demand for our services or affect our allowance for credit losses and collectability of trade receivables. a significant change in the liquidity or financial position of our clients could cause unfavorable trends in receivable collections and cash flows and additional allowances for anticipated losses may be required. these additional allowances could materially adversely affect our future financial results.
in addition, instability, liquidity constraints or other distress in the financial markets, including the effects of bank failures, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, could impair the ability of one or more of the banks participating in our current or any future credit facilities to honor their commitments. this could have an adverse effect on our business if we were not able to replace those commitments or to locate other sources of liquidity on acceptable terms.
the company is subject to regulation, supervision, and enforcement authority of numerous governmental and regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions in which it operates.
because the company is a technology service provider to u.s. financial institutions, it is subject to regular oversight and examination by the fba, each agency of which is a member of the ffiec, an interagency body of federal banking regulators. the fba have broad discretion in the implementation, interpretation and enforcement of banking and consumer protection laws and use the ffiec's uniform principles, standards and report forms in their review of bank service providers like fis. a failure to comply with these laws, or a failure to meet the supervisory expectations of the banking regulators, could result in adverse action against the company. the regulators have the power to, among other things, enjoin "unsafe or unsound" practices; require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice; issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced; direct the sale of subsidiaries or other assets; and assess civil money penalties.
the company is also subject to ongoing supervision by regulatory and governmental bodies across the world, including economic and conduct regulators, such as ofac, bis, fincen in the u.s., the fca and ofsi in the u.k., and regulatory and governmental bodies responsible for issuing anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, and global economic sanctions and export control regulations. these various regulatory regimes require compliance across many aspects of our activities. among other things, such regulatory and financial crime compliance obligations require certain capital requirements, safeguarding, training, authorization and supervision of personnel, systems, processes and documentation and reporting to government entities. as we continue to grow our global business around the world, we will become subject to additional countries' regulations governing critical third-party service providers, financial crime and other regulatory areas. the failure of fis to comply with any of these requirements could result in the suspension or revocation of a license, loss of consumer confidence, and/or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.
we also have business operations that store, process or transmit consumer information or have direct relationships with consumers that are obligated to comply with regulations, including, but not limited to, the fcra, the federal fair debt collection practices act and applicable privacy requirements and are subject to examination and oversight by the cfpb. in addition, our wealth and retirement business holds a charter in the state of georgia, which exposes us to further regulatory compliance requirements of the georgia department of banking and finance. the u.s. wealth and retirement business is required to hold certain levels of regulatory capital as defined by the state banking regulator in georgia. in the u.k., our platform securities and broker-dealer businesses are regulated by the fca and are also subject to further regulatory capital requirements.
the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") continues to establish rules and regulations for regulating financial and non-financial institutions and providers to those institutions to ensure adequate protection of consumer privacy and to ensure consumers are not impacted by deceptive business practices, as well as provide examination and supervisory authority over consumer reporting agencies, including chexsystems. these rules and regulations govern our clients or potential clients and also govern certain of our businesses. these regulations have resulted, and may further result, in the need for fis to make capital investments to modify our solutions to facilitate our clients' and potential clients' compliance, as well as to deploy additional processes or reporting to comply with these regulations. in the future, we may be subject to additional expense to ensure continued compliance with applicable laws and regulations and to investigate, defend and/or remedy actual or alleged violations. further, requirements of these regulations have resulted, and could further result, in changes in our business practices, our clients' business practices and those of other marketplace participants that may alter the delivery of services to consumers, which have impacted, and could further impact, the demand for our solutions and services as well as alter the types or volume of transactions that we process on behalf of our clients. as a result, these requirements, or proposed or future requirements, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, revenue, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business.
the new york department of financial services has enacted rules that require covered financial institutions to establish and maintain cybersecurity programs. these rules subject fis to additional regulation and require us to adopt additional business practices that could also require additional capital expenditures or impact our operating results. changes to state money transmission laws and regulations, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements, may result in the need for additional money transmitter licenses. these changes could result in increased costs of compliance, as well as fines or penalties.
one of our subsidiaries is an sec-registered broker-dealer in the u.s. and is subject to the financial and operational rules of finra, and others are authorized by the fca to conduct certain regulated business in the u.k. our transfer agent business is also regulated by the sec and other regulators around the world. domestic and foreign regulatory and self-regulatory organizations, such as the sec, finra, and the fca, can, among other things, fine, censure, issue cease-and-desist orders against, and suspend or expel a broker-dealer or its officers or employees for failure to comply with the many laws and regulations that govern brokerage activities. regulations affecting the brokerage industry may change, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are exposed to certain risks relating to the execution services provided by our brokerage operations to our customers and counterparties, which include other broker-dealers, active traders, hedge funds, asset managers, and other institutional and non-institutional clients. these risks include, but are not limited to, customers or counterparties failing to pay for or deliver securities, trading errors, the inability or failure to settle trades, and trade execution system failures. as trading in the u.s. securities markets has become more automated, the potential impact of a trading error or a rapid series of errors caused by a computer or human error or a malicious act has become greater. in our other businesses, we generally can disclaim liability for trading losses that may be caused by our software, but in our brokerage operations, we may not be able to limit our liability for trading losses or failed trades even when we are not at fault. as a result, we may suffer losses that are disproportionately large compared to the relatively modest profit contributions of our brokerage operations.
moreover, the legislative and regulatory landscape continues to evolve, and we expect that it may cover alternative payment types, including digital/crypto currency. any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could expose us to liability, regulatory scrutiny and/or reputational damage. financial crimes laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and impose inconsistent or conflicting requirements. complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance and associated recordkeeping costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
further, our business may be constrained by current and future laws and regulations governing the development, use and deployment of artificial intelligence (including machine learning) ("ai") technologies. these laws and regulations are continuously and rapidly evolving, and there is no single global regulatory framework for ai, creating further uncertainties regarding compliance with such laws and regulations. as a result, our ability to leverage ai could be restricted by burdensome and costly legal requirements.
if we fail to comply with relevant laws or regulations, then we risk reputational damage, potential civil and criminal sanctions, fines or other action imposed by regulatory or governmental authorities, including the potential suspension or revocation of the permission-based regulatory licenses which authorize the company to provide core services to customers. regulatory authorities subject our businesses, from time to time, to regulatory investigations, reviews and proceedings (both formal and informal), certain of which may result in adverse settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. this could result in an adverse effect on fis' business, reputation and customer relationships, which in turn could adversely affect its financial position and performance.
many of our clients are subject to a regulatory environment and to industry standards that may change in a manner that reduces the types or volume of solutions or services we provide or may reduce the type or number of transactions in which our clients engage, and therefore reduce our revenue.
our clients are subject to many, varied and evolving government regulations and industry standards with which our solutions must comply. our clients must ensure that our solutions and related services work within the extensive and evolving regulatory and industry requirements applicable to them. federal, state, foreign or industry authorities could adopt laws, rules or regulations affecting our clients' businesses that could lead to increased operating costs and could reduce the convenience and functionality of our solutions, possibly resulting in reduced market acceptance. in addition, action by regulatory authorities relating to credit availability, data usage, privacy, or other related regulatory developments could have an adverse effect on our clients and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenue, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. elimination of regulatory requirements could also adversely affect the sales of our solutions designed to help clients comply with complex regulatory environments.
constantly evolving global privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws require the company to adopt new business practices, update contractual provisions in existing and new contracts, and constantly update our global privacy and data protection program and our global information security program, which may require transitional and incremental expenses and may impact our future operating results.
the company is subject to numerous global privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws, which are continuing to change in ways that impose increasingly complex and costly compliance obligations on fis and that have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant impact on fis' operations. failure to comply with new and evolving laws in these areas could result in significant penalties, damage to our brand, and loss of business. fis has incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to comply with these new laws. there are also several additional laws being considered by state legislatures, the u.s. congress, and governments around the world. as a result, a more substantial compliance effort with varying regimes in different jurisdictions is expected to continue in the future, which has the potential to further increase the costs and complexities of fis' business. moreover, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and impose inconsistent or conflicting requirements. complying with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance and associated recordkeeping costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business and to incur additional costs. data localization requirements in evolving privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws could also increase the cost and alter the approach to housing data around the world. in addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to digital transformation, surveillance, cyber resilience, encryption, and data onshoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. in particular, u.k. and european regulators are increasingly seeking to mitigate cyber threats and enhance digital resilience within the financial system through new regulations targeting the provision of critical third-party technology services. compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our technology for information security, operational infrastructure, policies, and procedures, which could be time-consuming and costly and may result in additional regulatory burdens for the company. furthermore, compliance with these laws and regulations may indirectly impact the company in circumstances where it acts as a third-party service provider to clients, who are themselves subject to these laws and regulations, and will expect the company to take appropriate steps to support them in achieving compliance.
high profile digital banking security breaches could impact consumer payment behavior patterns in the future and reduce our transaction volumes.
we are unable to predict whether or when high profile digital banking security breaches will occur and if they occur, whether consumers will reduce their digital banking service. if consumers reduce digital banking services, and we are not able to adapt to offer our clients alternative technologies, then our revenue and related earnings could be adversely affected.
misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights or a finding that our patents are invalid could impair our competitive position.
our ability to compete depends in some part upon our proprietary solutions and technology. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our solutions or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary or challenge the validity of our patents with governmental authorities. policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult. we cannot make any assurances that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of technology or that the agreements entered into for that purpose will be enforceable. effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available online. misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. as we increase our international business, we are subject to further risks of misappropriation of our intellectual property in countries which have laws which are less protective of intellectual property or are enforced in a less protective manner.
if our applications or services are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, then we may be required to change our business practices and may also become subject to significant costs and monetary penalties.
as our information technology applications and services develop, we are increasingly subject to infringement claims. any claims, whether with or without merit, could (i) be expensive and time-consuming to defend; (ii) result in an injunction or other equitable relief which could cause us to cease making, licensing or using applications that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (iii) require us to redesign our applications, if feasible; (iv) divert management's attention and resources; and (v) require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or pay damages resulting from any infringing use.
some of our solutions contain "open source" software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could adversely affect our business.
we use a limited amount of software licensed by its authors or other third parties under so-called "open source" licenses and may continue to use such software in the future. some of these licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. by the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. additionally, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by u.s. or other courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions. in addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on origin of the software. we have established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our development organizations for the use of open source, but we cannot be sure that all open source is submitted for approval prior to use in our solutions. in addition, many of the risks associated with usage of open source cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, adversely affect our business.
using and/or incorporating ai technologies into our business poses additional risks and uncertainties that could have the potential to harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
while we believe ai has the potential to increase the value of the solutions and services we deliver to our clients, we recognize that incorporating ai technologies into our business generates a variety of risks and uncertainties. in particular, ai algorithms may generate inaccurate, unintended, unfair or discriminatory outcomes, which may not be easily detectable or explainable, and may inadvertently breach intellectual property, privacy or other rights, as well as confidential information. these outcomes, or the risk of these outcomes, may damage our reputation or have other unintended consequences if we are not successful in mitigating these emerging risks.
further, if we are unsuccessful in identifying opportunities to expand our portfolio with artificial intelligence capabilities to strengthen or maintain our market position or enhance our customers' experiences, we may have a competitive disadvantage in developing new products and operating our business and our customers may prefer different solutions.
these and other ai-related risks may emerge or change on a rapid timeframe that may make it difficult for us to predict or to respond to such risks.
lack of system integrity, fraudulent payments, credit quality, and undetected errors related to funds settlement or the availability of clearing services could result in a financial loss.
we settle funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses and consumers and receive funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. transactions facilitated by us include debit card, credit card, electronic bill payment transactions, banking payments and check clearing that supports consumers, financial institutions and other businesses. these payment activities rely upon the technology infrastructure that facilitates the verification of activity with counterparties, the facilitation of the payment as well as the detection or prevention of fraudulent payments. a compromise of our continuity of operations, integrity of processing, or ability to detect or prevent fraudulent payments could result in a financial loss to us. in addition, we rely on various financial institutions to provide automated clearing house ("ach") services in support of funds settlement for certain of our solutions. an inability to obtain such ach services in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, we may issue credit to consumers, financial institutions or other businesses as part of the funds settlement. a default on this credit by a counterparty could result in a financial loss to us. furthermore, if one of our clients for which we facilitate settlement suffers a fraudulent event due to a deficiency in their controls, then we may suffer a financial loss if the client does not have sufficient capital to cover the loss.
our business is subject to the risks of international operations, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
the international operations of fis represented approximately 22% of our total 2023 revenue and are largely conducted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the british pound sterling, euro, brazilian real, swedish krona, australian dollar and indian rupee. fis continues to expand its international presence. our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including the following:
•changes in a specific country or region's political and cultural climate or economic condition, including change in governmental regime;
•unexpected or unfavorable changes in foreign laws, regulatory requirements and related interpretations;
•difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;
•inadequate intellectual property protection in foreign countries;
•trade-protection measures, import or export licensing requirements such as export administration regulations promulgated by the u.s. department of commerce and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges;
•trade sanctions imposed by the u.s. or other governments with jurisdictional authority over our business operations;
•the effects of applicable and potentially adverse foreign tax law changes;
•significant adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•lesser enforcement of intellectual property laws and protections internationally;
•longer accounts receivable cycles;
•managing a geographically dispersed workforce;
•trade treaties, tariffs or agreements that could adversely affect our ability to do business in affected countries; and
•compliance with the fcpa and ofac regulations, particularly in emerging markets.
as we expand our international operations, more of our clients may pay us in foreign currencies. conducting business in currencies other than the u.s. dollar subjects us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that can negatively impact our results, period to period, including relative to analyst estimates or guidance. our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to the british pound sterling, euro, brazilian real, swedish krona, australian dollar and indian rupee. the u.s. dollar value of our net investments in foreign operations, the periodic conversion of foreign-denominated earnings to the u.s. dollar (our reporting currency), and our results of operations and, in some cases, cash flows, could be adversely affected in a material manner by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. these risks could cause an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. for more information on our exposure to foreign currency risk, see "foreign currency risk" in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
failure to comply with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.
we are subject to the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act, and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in various countries around the world. the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and similar applicable laws generally prohibit companies, as well as their officers, directors, employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners and agents, from making improper payments or providing other improper things of value to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. the fcpa also requires that u.s. public companies maintain books and records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls.
we conduct business in many foreign countries, including a number of countries with developing economies, and many of our employees, third-party intermediaries and agents in such countries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies, state-owned or affiliated entities and other third parties where we may be held liable if they take actions in violation of these laws, even if we do not explicitly authorize them. although our policies and procedures require compliance with these laws and are designed to facilitate compliance with these laws, we do business in many countries all over the world and cannot assure that our employees, contractors or agents somewhere in the world will not take actions in violation of applicable laws or our policies, for which we may be ultimately held responsible.
in the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees, contractors or agents have or may have violated such laws, we may be required to investigate or to have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations can be an extensive process and require a significant diversion of time, resources and attention from senior management. further, we cannot assure that any such investigation will successfully uncover all relevant facts and circumstances. any violation of the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act or other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, and criminal or civil sanctions, penalties and fines, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we have businesses in emerging markets that may experience significant economic volatility.
we have operations in emerging markets, primarily in latin america, india, southeast asia, the middle east and africa. these emerging market economies tend to be more volatile than the more established markets we serve in north america and europe, which could add volatility to our future revenue and earnings.
acts of war or terrorism, international conflicts, political instability, natural disasters, or widespread outbreak of an illness could negatively affect various aspects of our business, including our workforce and our business partners, make it more difficult and expensive to meet our obligations to our customers, and result in reduced revenue from our customers.
our global operations are susceptible to global events, including threats or acts of war, such as the russia-ukraine war and the israel-hamas conflict, threats or acts of terrorism, international conflicts, political instability and natural disasters. we are also susceptible to a widespread outbreak of an illness or other health issue, such as the covid-19 pandemic. these events can spread to different locations across the globe and can have an adverse effect on the global economy, reducing consumer and corporate spending upon which our revenue depends. individual employees can become ill, quarantined, or otherwise unable to work and/or travel due to health reasons or governmental restrictions. some of our operations are in countries where the effects of a widespread illness could be magnified due to health care systems that are less well-developed than in the u.s. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the direct and indirect effects of climate change, including increased legal and regulatory scrutiny, could adversely affect our business.
we may be subject to increased costs, regulations, reporting requirements, standards or expectations regarding climate change-driven impacts on our business. while we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change as part of our sustainability, environmental, social and governance (esg) strategy, some of these risks may persist. changing market dynamics, global policy developments, heightened focus from governmental, media, community, industry and investor stakeholders, and increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events all have the potential to disrupt our business or the businesses of our customers, vendors and technology partners. any of these developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
failure to attract and retain talent, including senior management and highly skilled technology personnel, could harm our ability to grow.
our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain talent in a competitive market, including senior management personnel and highly-skilled technology personnel. the competitive nature of this market is also affected by wage inflation, which generally increases the cost of talent. because the development of our solutions and services requires knowledge, skills and abilities to create, develop and implement our software solutions in new areas on a continuing basis, we are competing for talented people with such knowledge, skills and abilities in new and developing technologies. competition for such technical personnel is intense, as is the competition for senior management to lead these efforts, and our failure to hire and retain talented personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our future growth will also require sales and marketing, financial, legal and administrative personnel to develop and support new solutions and services, to enhance and support current solutions and services and to expand operational and financial systems. there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain the necessary personnel to accomplish our growth strategies, and we may experience constraints that could adversely affect our ability to satisfy client demand in a timely fashion.
our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and to manage and monitor the risks facing our business relies upon the ability to maintain skilled compliance, legal, security, risk and audit professionals. competition for such skill sets is intense, and our failure to hire and retain talented personnel could have an adverse effect on our internal control environment and impact our operating results.
our senior management team has significant experience in the financial services industry, and the loss of this leadership could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. further, the loss of this leadership may have an adverse impact on senior management's ability to provide effective oversight and strategic direction for all key functions within the company, which could impact our future business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are the subject of various legal proceedings that could have an adverse effect on us.
we are involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business, including in some instances class-action cases and patent infringement litigation. if we are unsuccessful in our defense of litigation matters, we may be forced to pay damages and/or change our business practices, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or unfavorable future tax law changes could adversely affect our tax expense.
our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. an unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense and could negatively impact our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current and/or future periods. on december 15, 2022, the european union ("eu") member states formally adopted the eu's pillar two directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the organization for economic co-operation and development pillar two framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. the eu effective dates are january 1, 2024, and january 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. a significant number of countries are also implementing similar legislation. we are monitoring developments, including countries that have enacted legislation, and do not currently expect a material adverse impact to the financial statements. we will continue to evaluate pillar two legislation and other future tax law changes that could result in negative impacts. in addition, tax-law amendments in the u.s. and other jurisdictions could significantly impact how u.s. multinational corporations are taxed. although we cannot predict whether or in what form such legislation will pass, if enacted it could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
a material weakness in our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on us.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to adequately mitigate risk of fraud. if we cannot provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and adequately mitigate risk of fraud, our reputation and operating results could be harmed. internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. in addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information. if we are unable to report financial information timely and accurately or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
we may not be able to achieve the cost savings target of our future forward program.
one of the goals of our ongoing future forward initiative is to achieve significant cost savings across the enterprise. we have reiterated a cash savings target of $1 billion, of which over 75 percent represents run-rate cash savings, on a continuing operations basis exiting 2024. we may not be able to achieve this cost savings target on our desired timeframe, or at all, for many reasons, including contractual constraints, potential operational disruptions to our business, or unanticipated business costs or inefficiencies. if we are unable to achieve the financial goals set by future forward, or if our efforts as part of future forward result in unintended disruptions to our business, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
risks related to business combinations and ventures we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our recently completed worldpay sale, and we may also be exposed to new risks following the sale.
on january 31, 2024, we completed the worldpay sale. we may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the sale within the expected timeframe, in full or at all, and there can be no assurance that the costs or revenue or expense dis-synergies of the sale will not ultimately exceed anticipated amounts. the anticipated benefits to us from the sale, including our retention of a 45% equity interest in the joint venture that owns the assets and liabilities of the worldpay merchant solutions business, are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect. while we have certain governance rights in the form of board representation and veto rights over certain significant actions that enable us to exercise some influence, we no longer control the management or policies of the worldpay business. to the extent of our investment in worldpay, we are exposed to all of the business risks applicable to its results of operations and financial condition, many of which are similar to the risks to which our wholly-owned operations are subject, such as risks arising from economic conditions and reductions in consumer spending, as well as to other risks which apply specifically to the merchant acquiring business.
as a result of the sale, our operational and financial profiles have changed. while the sale has enabled us to focus on our banking solutions and capital markets solutions business, it has also made our revenue sources less diversified, and our results of operations, cash flows, working capital and financing requirements will be more exposed to developments affecting financial institutions as a result of the increased concentration of our business on serving such customers. additionally, the shares of our common stock now represent an investment in a smaller company than existed prior to the completion of the sale, and our proportionate exposure to the risks inherent in our remaining businesses has increased. further, we have incurred and will incur various one-time or ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the sale. those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expected to realize from the sale.
we plan to use the net proceeds from the sale to retire debt and to return additional capital to shareholders through our existing share repurchase authorization, as well as for general corporate purposes, while maintaining an investment grade credit rating. these uses of the net proceeds of the sale may not improve our results of operations or cash flows or may not be achieved in the amounts or on the timelines anticipated. we are also potentially subject to unforeseen costs and expenses following the sale, including additional general and administrative costs, costs of dis-synergies, restructuring costs and other unanticipated costs and expenses. in addition, we have continuing operational and financial obligations to worldpay pursuant to the commercial agreements and transition services agreements that were entered into between fis and worldpay at closing. these ongoing arrangements will require significant management and operational resources, will require us to incur costs to provide the transition services and other support we will provide to worldpay in the near term and may reduce our ability to fully realize cost savings and efficiency initiatives that we would otherwise have been able to implement following the closing of the sale. there can be no assurance that the commercial arrangements with worldpay, including those relating to client referrals, will result in revenue to us in anticipated amounts.
strategic transactions, including acquisitions and divestitures, involve significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
strategic acquisitions and divestitures we have made in the past, and may make in the future, present significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. these risks include the following:
•difficulty in evaluating potential acquisitions, including the risk that our due diligence does not identify or fully assess valuation issues, potential liabilities or other acquisition risks;
•difficulty and expense in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations, including combining solution and service offerings, and in entering into new markets in which we are not experienced, in an efficient and cost-effective manner while maintaining adequate standards, controls and procedures, and the risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or other problems associated with integration;
•difficulty and expense in consolidating and rationalizing it infrastructure and integrating acquired software;
•challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits expected from acquisitions;
•risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the strategic acquisitions and divestitures do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets;
•risk that acquired systems expose us to cybersecurity and other data security risks;
•costs to reach appropriate standards to protect against cybersecurity and other data security risks or timeline to achieve such standards may exceed those estimated in diligence;
•risk that acquired companies are subject to new regulatory regimes or oversight where we have limited experience that may result in additional compliance costs and potential regulatory penalties;
•risk that we assume or retain, or that companies we have acquired have assumed or retained or otherwise become subject to, significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any indemnifying parties;
•risk that indemnification related to businesses divested or spun-off that we may be required to provide or otherwise bear may be significant and could negatively impact our business;
•risk of exposure to potential liabilities arising out of applicable state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal distribution requirements from spin-offs in which we or companies we have acquired were involved;
•risk that we may be responsible for u.s. federal income tax liabilities related to acquisitions or divestitures;
•risk that we are not able to complete strategic divestitures on satisfactory terms and conditions, including non-competition arrangements applicable to certain of our business lines, or within expected time frames;
•potential loss of key employees or customers of the businesses acquired or to be divested; and
•risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our existing operations.
we have substantial goodwill and other intangible assets recorded as a result of acquisitions, and a severe or extended economic downturn could cause these assets to become impaired, requiring write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
as of december 31, 2023, goodwill aggregated to $17.0 billion, or 31% of total assets, and intangible assets aggregated to $1.8 billion, or 3% of total assets. current accounting rules require goodwill to be assessed for impairment at least annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment and require intangible assets with finite useful lives to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstance include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization, and negative industry or economic trends. if worldwide or u.s. economic conditions decline significantly with prolonged negative impacts to bank spending and consumer behavior, or if other business or market changes significantly impact our outlook, then the remaining carrying amount of our goodwill and other intangible assets may no longer be recoverable, and we may be required to record an impairment charge, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. we will continue to monitor the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets as well as our market capitalization and the impact of any prolonged economic downturn on our business to determine the likelihood of impairment.
risks related to our indebtedness our existing debt levels and future levels under existing facilities and debt service requirements may adversely affect fis, including our financial condition or business flexibility, and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2023, we had total debt of approximately $19.1 billion. on january 31, 2024, we completed the worldpay sale. we intend to the use a portion of the proceeds from the sale to repay or otherwise retire approximately $9.0 billion of debt during 2024. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such repayment transactions on terms acceptable to us, or at all. our level of debt or any increase in our debt level could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and operational flexibility, including the following: (i) the debt level may cause us to have difficulty borrowing money in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes; (ii) our debt level may limit operational flexibility and our ability to pursue business opportunities and implement certain business strategies; (iii) some of our debt has a variable rate of interest, which exposes us to the risk of increased interest rates; (iv) we have a higher level of debt than some of our competitors or potential competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions, including increased competition and vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (v) there are significant maturities on our debt that we may not be able to repay at maturity or that may be refinanced at higher rates; and (vi) if we fail to satisfy our obligations under our outstanding debt or fail to comply with the financial or other restrictive covenants contained in the indenture governing our senior notes, or our credit facility, an event of default could result that could cause all of our debt to become due and payable.
our euro- and gbp-denominated indebtedness has increased in recent years; accordingly, we have increased exposure to fluctuations in the euro-usd and gbp-usd exchange rates, which could negatively affect our cost to service or refinance our euro- and gbp-denominated debt securities.
in recent years, our indebtedness denominated in euro or gbp has significantly increased as a result of our issuance of senior notes of varying maturities and our issuance of euro-denominated commercial paper. at december 31, 2023, the company had outstanding approximately €4.5 billion aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated senior notes, approximately €1.9 billion aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated commercial paper and approximately £0.9 billion aggregate principal amount of gbp-denominated senior notes, or the combined equivalent of approximately $8.3 billion aggregate principal amount. we expect to reduce the aggregate principal amount of our euro- and gbp-denominated debt in 2024 as we retire debt with a portion of the proceeds of the worldpay sale.
although we currently have substantial available cash flows in excess of the projected debt service requirements on our existing euro and gbp-denominated debt, we cannot assure that we will always be able to continue generating earnings in euros and gbp in amounts sufficient, taking into account the funding requirements and other needs of our business, to make payments of interest and/or repayment of principal on our euro and gbp senior debt, or to permit us to economically borrow in those currencies if needed to refinance our existing euro and gbp debt. if our cash flows in euros or gbp are insufficient for such purposes, we may need to exchange u.s. dollars or funds in other currencies to make such payments, which could result in increased costs to us in the event of adverse changes in currency exchange rates. we have utilized and expect to continue to utilize foreign currency forward contracts and other hedges on a limited basis in an effort to mitigate currency risk, but we cannot assure that such hedging arrangements will be effective or will remain available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. in addition, we cannot predict economic and market conditions (including prevailing interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates) at the applicable times when our various series of euro and gbp senior debt are scheduled to mature, nor can there be any assurance that we would be able to refinance any series of our euro and gbp senior debt in those currencies on acceptable terms at any such time, all of which could have an adverse financial impact on us.
rising interest rates could increase our borrowing costs.
our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our short-term commercial paper borrowings and revolving credit facility. in the future, we may have additional borrowings under existing or new variable-rate debt. increases in interest rates on variable-rate debt would increase our interest expense. a rising interest rate environment could increase the cost of refinancing existing debt and incurring new debt, which could have an adverse effect on our financing costs.
credit ratings, if lowered below investment grade, would adversely affect our cost of funds and liquidity.
the company maintains investment grade credit ratings from the major u.s. rating agencies on its senior unsecured debt (s&p bbb, moody's baa2, fitch bbb), as well as its commercial paper program (s&p a-2, moody's p-2, fitch f2). failure to maintain investment grade rating levels could adversely affect the company's cost of funds and liquidity and access to certain capital markets but would not have an adverse effect on the company's ability to access its existing revolving credit facility. please note that a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, that it may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
statement regarding forward-looking information the statements contained in this form 10-k or in our other documents or in oral presentations or other management statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the u.s. federal securities laws. statements that are not historical facts, as well as other statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements include statements about anticipated financial outcomes, including any earnings outlook or projections, projected revenue or expense synergies or dis-synergies, business and market conditions, outlook, foreign currency exchange rates, deleveraging plans, expected dividends and share repurchases of the company, the company's sales pipeline and anticipated profitability and growth, plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, strategic value creation, risk profile and investment strategies, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance and any statements with respect to the worldpay sale or any agreements or arrangements entered into in connection with such transaction, the expected financial and operational results of the company, and expectations regarding the company's business or organization after the separation of the worldpay merchant solutions business. these statements may be identified by words such as "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "will," "should," "could," "would," "project," "continue," "likely," and similar expressions, and include statements reflecting future results or outlook, statements of outlook and various accruals and estimates. these statements relate to future events and our future results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management.
actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. the risks and uncertainties to which forward-looking statements are subject include the following, without limitation:
•changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including those resulting from covid-19 or other pandemics, a recession, intensified or expanded international hostilities, acts of terrorism, increased rates of inflation or interest, changes in either or both the united states and international lending, capital and financial markets or currency fluctuations;
•the risk that acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully or that the integration will be more costly or more time-consuming and complex than anticipated;
•the risk that cost savings and synergies anticipated to be realized from acquisitions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected or that costs may be greater than anticipated;
•the risks of doing business internationally;
•the effect of legislative initiatives or proposals, statutory changes, governmental or applicable regulations and/or changes in industry requirements, including privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations;
•the risks of reduction in revenue from the elimination of existing and potential customers due to consolidation in, or new laws or regulations affecting, the banking, retail and financial services industries or due to financial failures or other setbacks suffered by firms in those industries;
•changes in the growth rates of the markets for our solutions;
•the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that may be considered relevant by our board of directors, including legal and contractual restrictions;
•the amount and timing of any future share repurchases is subject to, among other things, our share price, our other investment opportunities and cash requirements, our results of operations and financial condition, our future prospects and other factors that may be considered relevant by our board of directors and management;
•failures to adapt our solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace;
•internal or external security or privacy breaches of our systems, including those relating to unauthorized access, theft, corruption or loss of personal information and computer viruses and other malware affecting our software or platforms, and the reactions of customers, card associations, government regulators and others to any such events;
•the risk that implementation of software, including software updates, for customers or at customer locations or employee error in monitoring our software and platforms may result in the corruption or loss of data or customer information, interruption of business operations, outages, exposure to liability claims or loss of customers;
•the risk that partners and third parties may fail to satisfy their legal obligations to us;
•risks associated with managing pension cost, cybersecurity issues, it outages and data privacy;
•the reaction of current and potential customers to communications from us or regulators regarding information security, risk management, internal audit or other matters;
•risks associated with the expected benefits and costs of the separation of the worldpay merchant solutions business, including the risk that the expected benefits of the transaction or any contingent purchase price will not be realized within the expected timeframe, in full or at all, or that dis-synergies may be greater than anticipated;
•the risk that the costs of restructuring transactions and other costs incurred in connection with the separation of the worldpay business will exceed our estimates or otherwise adversely affect our business or operations;
•the impact of the separation of worldpay on our businesses, including the impact on relationships with customers, governmental authorities, suppliers, employees and other business counterparties;
•the risk that the earnings from our minority stake in the worldpay business will be less than we anticipate;
•the risk that policies and resulting actions of the current administration in the u.s. may result in additional regulations and executive orders, as well as additional regulatory and tax costs;
•competitive pressures on pricing related to the decreasing number of community banks in the u.s., the development of new disruptive technologies competing with one or more of our solutions, increasing presence of international competitors in the u.s. market and the entry into the market by global banks and global companies with respect to certain competitive solutions, each of which may have the impact of unbundling individual solutions from a comprehensive suite of solutions we provide to many of our customers;
•the failure to innovate in order to keep up with new emerging technologies, which could impact our solutions and our ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers;
•an operational or natural disaster at one of our major operations centers;
•failure to comply with applicable requirements of payment networks or changes in those requirements;
•fraud by bad actors; and
•other risks detailed elsewhere in the "risk factors" section and other sections of this report and in our other filings with the sec.
other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake (and expressly disclaim) any obligation and do not intend to publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following section discusses management's view of the financial condition and results of operations of fis and its consolidated subsidiaries as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, and for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, unless otherwise noted.
this section should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements. see "statement regarding forward-looking information" and "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements that could cause future results to differ materially from those reflected in this section.
business trends and conditions our revenue from continuing operations is primarily derived from a combination of technology and processing solutions, transaction processing fees, professional services and software license fees. while we are a global company and do business around the world, the majority of our revenue is generated by clients in the u.s. the majority of our international revenue is generated by clients in the u.k., germany, canada, brazil, australia and switzerland. in addition, the majority of our revenue has historically been recurring and has been provided under multi-year banking and capital markets contracts that contribute relative stability to our revenue stream. these solutions, in general, are considered critical to our clients' operations. professional services revenue is typically non-recurring, though recognition often occurs over time rather than at a point in time. sales of software licenses are typically non-recurring with point-in-time recognition and are less predictable.
the u.s. and europe, the two largest geographic areas for our businesses, are experiencing slower economic growth than in previous years. lengthening sales cycles observed in 2022, particularly for large banking transactions with a total contract value in excess of $50 million, persisted during most of 2023, which we believe resulted from economic uncertainty. we also experienced, and continue to experience, higher rates of inflation in these markets, including increasing wage and benefits rates, which management believes is in part due to inflation and in part due to competitive job markets for the skilled employees who support our businesses, as well as increasing non-labor-related costs. the magnitude of future effects of slower economic growth, including lengthy sales cycles and inflation, is difficult to predict, although these factors have had an adverse effect on our results of operations and, to the extent they persist, may continue to have a negative effect. rising interest rates have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our interest expense; however, planned debt reduction is expected to decrease our total interest expense. in 2022, the strengthening of the u.s. dollar had a negative impact on our revenue and earnings, while in 2023, impacts of foreign currency fluctuations were slightly favorable. given the volatility of exchange rates and the mix of currencies involved in both revenues and expenses, the direction and magnitude of future effects of currency fluctuations are uncertain. the combined effect of the factors noted above resulted in 2023 revenue growth being slower than in 2022, and 2023 net earnings declined compared to 2022. over the longer term, we are targeting improvements in revenue growth and margins to the extent of improving economic conditions and in response to planned management actions, including our future forward program discussed below.
slowing growth trends affecting our discontinued operations observed over the second half of 2022, reflecting both slower economic growth, particularly in the u.k., and competitive pressures, continued over the course of 2023. in 2022, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $17.6 billion related to the held-for-sale reporting unit, reflecting our intermediate-term growth expectations. in the second quarter of 2023, we recorded an additional $6.8 billion goodwill impairment, reflective of the price at which we agreed to sell a majority interest in the worldpay merchant solutions business to buyer as discussed further below. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on the goodwill impairments. also as discussed in note 3, the company recorded a $1.9 billion valuation allowance against the assets held for sale in the disposal group, primarily as a result of the exclusion of certain deferred tax liabilities that were not transferring to the joint venture in the worldpay sale. as of january 31, 2024, the closing date of the worldpay sale, the assets held for sale, net of the valuation allowance, and the liabilities held for sale were derecognized, and any additional gain or loss on sale will be recorded in our discontinued operations for the first quarter of 2024.
on january 31, 2024, the company completed the previously announced worldpay sale for cash consideration in a transaction valuing the worldpay merchant solutions business at an enterprise value of $18.5 billion, including $1.0 billion of consideration contingent on the returns realized by buyer exceeding certain thresholds. the net cash proceeds received by fis at the closing were greater than $12 billion, net of estimated closing adjustments, debt restructuring fees, taxes and transaction costs. the closing adjustments relate to estimated closing levels of the worldpay merchant solutions business' debt, working capital relative to an agreed target and available cash relative to an agreed minimum of not less than $1.5 billion and will be trued-up post-closing. we intend to use proceeds from the sale to retire debt and return additional capital to shareholders through our existing share repurchase authorization, as well as for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, while maintaining an investment grade credit rating. as of the closing, we retained a non-controlling 45% ownership interest in a new standalone joint venture. in future reports, fis' share of the net income of the joint venture will be reported as equity method investment earnings (loss). in connection with the sale, fis and worldpay have entered into commercial agreements, preserving a key value proposition for clients of both businesses and minimizing potential dis-synergies. fis and worldpay also entered into additional agreements as described in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.
in november 2022, we launched an enterprise-wide efficiency program, future forward, with a focus on streamlining operations, accelerating time to market of new solutions and improving profitability and cash flow. as of december 31, 2023, on a continuing operations basis, we achieved annualized run-rate future forward cash savings of over $550 million exiting the quarter, including over $370 million of operational expense savings and approximately $180 million of capital expense savings. we continue to expect cash savings exiting 2024 of $1.0 billion, of which over 75 percent represents run-rate cash savings.
we continue to assist financial institutions and other businesses in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. as a provider of outsourced solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes that otherwise might have a larger impact on our results of operations. we believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve.
we continue to invest in modernization, innovation and integrated solutions to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. we invest both internally and through investment opportunities in companies building complementary technologies in the financial services space. our internal development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. we expect to continue to invest an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients, and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure.
consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet and voice banking channels. we have been providing our large regional banking customers in the u.s. with digital one, an integrated digital banking platform, and are now adding functionality and offering digital one to our community bank clients to provide a consistent, omnichannel experience for consumers of banking services across self-service channels like mobile banking and online banking, as well as supporting channels for bank staff operating in bank branches and contact centers. the uniform customer experience extends to support a broad range of financial services including opening new accounts, servicing of existing accounts, money movement, and personal financial management, as well as other consumer, small business and commercial banking capabilities. digital one is integrated into several of the core banking platforms offered by fis and is also offered to customers of non-fis core banking systems.
consolidation within the banking industry has occurred and may continue, primarily in the form of merger and acquisition activity among financial institutions, which we believe would broadly be detrimental to the profitability of the financial technology industry. however, consolidation resulting from specific merger and acquisition transactions may be beneficial to our business. when consolidations of financial institutions occur, merger partners often operate systems obtained from competing service providers. the newly formed entity generally makes a determination to migrate its core and payments systems to a single platform. when a financial institution processing client is involved in a consolidation, we may benefit by their expanding the use of our solutions if such solutions are chosen to survive the consolidation and to support the newly combined entity. conversely, we may lose revenue if we are providing solutions to both entities, or if a client of ours is involved in a consolidation and our solutions are not chosen to support the newly combined entity. it is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidation may have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the solutions that we currently provide or could provide. we seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive solutions to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company.
recent u.s. bank failures could negatively impact our results to the extent more of our customers become illiquid; however, our current exposure to recent closures is limited, and we may be a long-term beneficiary of these closures. as a leading provider of financial technology services to the top 100 u.s. banks by asset size as well as other global financial institutions, fis boasts a highly diversified customer base, with no single customer accounting for more than approximately 2% of 2023 revenue from continuing operations. with respect to u.s. financial institution customers that closed during 2023, fis expects to continue to provide services for the majority of these banks, and our revenue exposure from potential contract terminations related to these banks is not material. further, fis' core banking customer contracts are generally structured with fees that increase based on the number of active accounts or transactions rather than the amount of deposits. thus, to the extent account volume increases, we are positioned to benefit from this growth as a leading core banking services provider to large financial institutions.
we continue to see demand in the payments market for innovative solutions that will deliver faster, more convenient payment options in mobile channels, internet applications, in-store cards, and digital currencies. the payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new solutions, evolving new business models, and being affected by new market entrants and by an evolving regulatory environment. as financial institutions respond to these changes by seeking solutions to help them enhance their own offerings to consumers, including the ability to accept card-not-present payments in ecommerce and mobile environments as well as contactless cards and mobile wallets at the point of sale, fis believes that payment processors will seek to develop additional capabilities in order to serve clients' evolving needs. to facilitate this expansion, we believe that payment processors will need to enhance their technology platforms so they can deliver these capabilities and differentiate their offerings from other providers.
we believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. however, fis believes that payment processors, like fis, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best-positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies in the long term. further, fis believes that its depth of capabilities and breadth of distribution will enhance its position as emerging payment technologies are adopted by merchants and other businesses. fis' ability to partner with non-financial institution enterprises, such as mobile payment providers and internet, retail and social media companies, continues to create attractive growth opportunities as these new entrants seek to become more active participants in the development of alternative electronic payment technologies and to facilitate the convergence of retail, online, mobile and social commerce applications.
cyberattacks on information technology systems and the vendors and technological supply chain they rely on continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. this is a trend we expect to continue. the continued growth in the frequency, complexity and sophistication of cyberattacks presents both a threat and an opportunity for fis. using expertise we have gained from our ongoing focus and investment, we have developed and we offer fraud, security, risk management and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry. we also use certain of these solutions to manage our own risks. see item 1c for additional discussion of how the company assesses, identifies, and manages cybersecurity risks.
critical accounting policies and estimates the accounting policies and estimates described below are those we consider critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. these policies require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures with respect to contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. actual amounts could differ from those estimates. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the significant accounting policies that have been followed in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition application of gaap related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates. specifically, complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract interpretation in the determination of distinct performance obligations. other judgments may include the evaluation of the standalone selling price for each performance obligation and whether separate contracts should be combined and considered part of one arrangement.
the determination as to whether individual promised solutions or services can be considered distinct or should instead be combined with other promised solutions or services in a contract may require judgment. we assess the solutions and services promised in our contracts with customers and identify a performance obligation for each promise to transfer to the customer a solution or service (or bundle of solutions or services) that is distinct - i.e., if a solution or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer.
due to the large number, broad nature and average size of our individual customer contracts, the impact of judgments and assumptions that we apply in recognizing revenue for any single contract is not likely to have a material effect on our consolidated operations or financial position. however, the accounting policies that we apply across similar contracts, products or classes of clients could significantly influence the timing and amount of revenue recognized in our historical and future results of operations or financial position.
purchase accounting we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets and software, are complex and require a significant amount of management judgment. we typically engage third-party valuation specialists to assist us in making fair value determinations. the third-party valuation specialists generally use discounted cash flow models, which require internally-developed assumptions, to determine the acquisition fair value of customer relationship intangible assets and developed technology software assets. assumptions for customer relationship asset valuations typically include forecasted revenue attributable to existing customer contracts and relationships, estimated annual attrition, forecasted margin, and estimated weighted average cost of capital and discount rates. assumptions for software asset valuations typically include forecasted revenue attributable to the software assets, obsolescence rates, estimated royalty rates and estimated weighted average cost of capital and discount rates. the forecasted revenue and margins used in the discounted cash flow models are critical estimates in determining the fair value of customer relationships and developed technology software assets as these estimates are influenced by many factors including historical financial information and management's expectation for future operating results as a combined company.
while we use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of earnings.
we had no significant business combinations during 2023 and 2022.
goodwill impairment the company assesses goodwill for impairment by reporting unit on an annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. our reporting units are the same as our primary operating segments, with additional reporting units for certain non-strategic businesses within the corporate and other segment. goodwill impairment assessments require a significant amount of management judgment, and a meaningful change in one or more of the underlying forecasts, estimates, or assumptions used in testing goodwill for impairment could result in a material impact on the company's financial position or results of operations. based on the results of our assessments, goodwill of the reporting units in our continuing operations was not impaired in any of the periods presented.
our annual impairment test may first consider qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value. qualitative factors include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance and events affecting the reporting unit or company as a whole, including a sustained decrease in stock price. as a result of the qualitative assessment, if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount as a result of the qualitative assessment, or we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit, then we must perform a quantitative assessment for that reporting unit.
when a quantitative assessment is triggered or elected, we typically engage third-party valuation specialists to assist us in determining the fair value of the reporting unit based on the weighted average of two valuation techniques: an income approach
(also known as the discounted cash flow method) and a market approach. the income approach calculates a value based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows, while the market approach uses earnings multiples of similarly situated guideline public companies. the income approach involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions regarding forecasted revenue, growth rates, operating margins, capital expenditures, and other factors used to calculate estimated future cash flows. in addition, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions and other assumptions are applied. the market approach involves the selection of guideline public companies and earnings multiples considering factors such as markets of operation, solutions offered, and risk profiles. the income approach used to assess goodwill for impairment is a critical estimate because the forecasted revenue growth rate and margin assumptions (including long-term growth assumptions) underlying the estimated future cash flows are subject to management's judgment based upon the best available market information, internal forecasts and operating plans. a deterioration in these assumptions could adversely impact our results. the income approach is also particularly sensitive to the risk-adjusted discount rate selected.
for our banking and capital markets reporting units, for which previous third-party valuations have historically indicated substantial excess of fair value over carrying amounts, our 2021 qualitative annual assessment concluded that it remained more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units continued to exceed their respective carrying amounts. for 2022, we performed a quantitative annual assessment which again concluded that the fair values of these reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying amounts. for 2023, we performed a qualitative annual assessment of these reporting units and concluded that it remained more likely than not that the fair values of these reporting units continued to exceed their respective carrying amounts. given the substantial excess of fair value over carrying amounts, we believe the likelihood of obtaining materially different results based on a change of assumptions to be low.
related-party transactions we are a party to certain historical related-party agreements as discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. in connection with the closing of the worldpay sale, we entered into several agreements with certain worldpay entities, as further described in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.
consolidated results of operations year ended december 31,                                        $ change                                        % change
2023 vs                 2022 vs                 2023 vs                 2022 vs
2023                                                                                    2022                        2021                    2022                    2021                    2022                    2021
(in millions)
revenue                                               $9,821                      $9,719                      $9,339                   $102                    $380                       1    %                  4    %
cost of revenue                                      (6,145)                     (6,216)                     (5,990)                     71                   (226)                     (1)                       4
gross profit                                           3,676                       3,503                       3,349                    173                     154                       5                       5
gross profit margin                                       37   %                      36   %                      36   %
selling, general and administrative expenses         (2,096)                     (2,182)                     (2,115)                     86                    (67)                     (4)                       3
asset impairments                                      (113)                       (103)                       (194)                   (10)                      91                           nm                      nm operating income                                       1,467                       1,218                       1,040                    249                     178                      20                      17
operating margin                                          15   %                      13   %                      11   %
revenue revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased primarily due to strong recurring revenue growth in the banking and capital markets segments.
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased primarily due to strong recurring revenue growth in the banking and capital markets segments. revenue was negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency movements, primarily related to a stronger u.s. dollar versus the british pound sterling and euro. see "segment results of operations" below for more detailed explanation.
cost of revenue, gross profit and gross profit margin cost of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023, decreased due to lower intangible asset amortization resulting primarily from using accelerated amortization methods which apply a declining rate over time, contributing to higher gross profit and gross profit margin.
cost of revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased due to the revenue variances noted above and cost inflation, partially offset by lower intangible asset amortization resulting primarily from foreign currency movements. gross profit increased primarily due to revenue variances noted above. gross profit margin was essentially flat when comparing 2022 to 2021.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023, decreased primarily due to lower acquisition, integration and other costs partially offset by inflation, which increased corporate expenses as compared to the prior year period.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased primarily due to higher compensation and acquisition-related expenses. the 2021 period included accelerated stock compensation expense recorded associated with the establishment of the qualified retirement equity program that modified our existing stock compensation plans as described in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
asset impairments the year ended december 31, 2023, included impairments primarily related to the termination of certain internally developed software projects. for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company also recorded impairments related to real estate, a non-strategic business and certain software assets.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded impairments primarily related to real estate, a non-strategic business and certain software assets. during 2021, the company recorded impairments primarily related to certain software and deferred contract cost assets driven by the company's platform modernization.
operating income and operating margin the annual change in operating income and operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 resulted from the revenue and cost variances noted above.
total other income (expense), net year ended december 31,                                                                                        $ change            % change
2023 vs                 2022 vs            2023 vs                 2022 vs
2023                                                      2022                        2021                        2022                      2021                    2022                    2021
other income (expense):                   (in millions)
interest expense, net                     $(621)                      $(281)                      $(212)                      $(340)                   $(69)                 (121)     %             (33)      %
other income (expense), net               (183)           4                                       (109)                        (187)                    $113                 nm                      nm total other income (expense), net         $(804)                      $(277)                      $(321)                       (527)                     $44                 nm                      nm the increase in interest expense, net during the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily due to higher interest rates on our variable-rate debt, including the impact of our fixed-to-variable interest rate swaps discussed further in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, offset in part by increased interest income.
the increase in interest expense, net during the year ended december 31, 2022, was primarily due to increased interest expense on senior notes refinanced in 2022 and our variable-rate instruments.
other income (expense), net for the periods presented consists of various income and expense items outside of the company's operating activities, including foreign currency transaction remeasurement gains and losses; realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity security investments, including impairment losses on these investments; and fair value adjustments on certain non-operating assets and liabilities, including certain derivatives as further described in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
the $(187) million net change in other income (expense), net during the year ended december 31, 2023, related primarily to foreign currency transaction remeasurement losses and the impact of the change in fair value of interest rate swaps accounted for as economic hedges during the year ended december 31, 2023. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the interest rate swaps.
the $113 million net change in other income (expense), net during the year ended december 31, 2022, related primarily to several events that were recorded in the results for the year ended december 31, 2021, and were not repeated in 2022, including a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $(528) million (as discussed in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements), partially offset by a gain on the sale of our equity ownership interest in cardinal holdings of approximately $225 million (as discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements) and a gain of $174 million related to fair value adjustments on equity security investments.
provision (benefit) for income taxes year ended december 31,            $ change                                          % change
2023 vs                   2022 vs                 2023 vs                 2022 vs
2023                                                       2022                                         2021                      2022   2021                    2022                    2021
(in millions)
provision (benefit) for income taxes            $157                      $325                      $403                $(168)                    $(78)                   nm                      nm effective tax rate                                24   %   35                    %                    56   %
the decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2023, was predominately driven by the decrease in gaap pre-tax earnings.
the effective tax rate for 2021 includes the one-time net remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities due to the increase in the u.k. corporate statutory tax rate from 19% to 25% effective april 1, 2023, enacted on june 10, 2021.
discontinued operations year ended december 31,                                                                                                $ change                                        % change
2023 vs                     2022 vs                 2023 vs                 2022 vs
2023                                                                                                                       2022                          2021                        2022                      2021                                         2022                    2021
(in millions)
revenue                                                                                                  $4,859                        $4,809                           $4,538                      $50                        $271                       1   %                   6   %
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to major classes of pre-tax earnings (loss)         $(5,549)                      $(17,276)                           $65                   11,727                    (17,341)                           nm                      nm loss on assets held for sale                                                                             $(1,909)                      $-                                   $-                  (1,909)                           -                           nm                      nm earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax attributable to fis                             $(7,157)                      $(17,328)                           $97                   10,171                    (17,425)                           nm                      nm revenue from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased from the prior year primarily due to ecommerce volume growth.
revenue from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased from the prior year primarily due to ecommerce volume growth, aided by the ongoing global economic recovery from the covid-19 pandemic.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to major classes of pre-tax earnings (loss) was primarily a result of a $6.8 billion goodwill impairment recorded as discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to major classes of pre-tax earnings (loss) was primarily a result of a $17.6 billion goodwill impairment recorded as discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, we recorded a pre-tax loss on the disposal of discontinued operations of $1.9 billion, reflecting the establishment of a valuation allowance to reduce the worldpay merchant solutions disposal group's carrying value down to fair value less cost to sell as discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, loss from discontinued operations, net of tax decreased primarily due to a reduction in the goodwill impairment recorded during the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the goodwill impairment recorded during the year ended december 31, 2022, partially offset by the valuation allowance recorded in the third and fourth quarters of 2023, as noted above.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to 2021, the loss from discontinued operations, net of tax was driven primarily due to the goodwill impairment recorded during the year ended december 31, 2022, as discussed above.
segment results of operations fis reports its financial performance based on the following segments: banking solutions, capital market solutions, and corporate and other.
adjusted ebitda is defined as net earnings (loss) before net interest expense, net other income (expense), income tax provision (benefit), depreciation and amortization, and excludes certain costs and other transactions that management deems non-operational in nature or that otherwise improve the comparability of operating results across reporting periods by their exclusion. this measure is reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. for this reason, adjusted ebitda, as it relates to our segments, is presented in conformity with fasb asc topic 280, segment reporting. the items affecting the segment profit measure generally include purchase price amortization of acquired intangible assets as well as acquisition, integration and certain other costs and asset impairments. these costs and adjustments are recorded in the corporate and other segment for the periods discussed below. adjusted ebitda for the respective segments excludes the foregoing costs and adjustments. financial information, including details of adjusted ebitda, for each of our segments is set forth in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
banking solutions years ended december 31,                                        $ change                                        % change
2023 vs                 2022 vs                 2023 vs                 2022 vs
2023                                                               2022                        2021                                         2022                    2021                    2022                    2021
(in millions)
revenue                                               $6,733                      $6,624                      $6,361                   $109                    $263                       2    %                  4    %
adjusted ebitda                                       $2,928                      $2,882                      $2,894                     46                    (12)                       2                       -
adjusted ebitda margin                                  43.5   %   43.5                    %   45.5                    %
adjusted ebitda margin basis points change                 -                       (200)
year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 2022:
revenue in our banking segment increased 2% for the year ended december 31, 2023. recurring revenue contributed 3% to total segment growth, as payments volumes increased year over year, including in our commercial services and value-added processing businesses. non-recurring and professional services revenue contributed a combined (1%) to total segment growth.
adjusted ebitda increased year over year due to the revenue impacts noted above and savings generated from the company's future forward initiatives. adjusted ebitda margin was flat year over year, as future forward cost savings offset unfavorable revenue mix year over year, including a reduction in high-margin license and termination fee revenue.
year ended december 31, 2022, compared to 2021:
revenue in our banking segment increased 4% for the year ended december 31, 2022. recurring revenue contributed 5% to total segment growth, primarily due to the ramp-up of several large contracts. revenue was negatively impacted by foreign currency movements, which contributed (1%) to total segment growth primarily related to a stronger u.s. dollar versus the euro and the british pound sterling.
adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin decreased as the revenue impacts noted above were offset by lower-margin revenue mix and cost inflation.
capital market solutions years ended december 31,                                        $ change                                        % change
2023 vs                 2022 vs                 2023 vs                 2022 vs
2023                                                                                    2022                        2021                    2022                    2021                    2022                    2021
(in millions)
revenue                                               $2,766                      $2,631                      $2,495                   $135                    $136                       5    %                  5    %
adjusted ebitda                                       $1,390                      $1,338                      $1,235                     52                     103                       4                       8
adjusted ebitda margin                                  50.3   %                    50.9   %                    49.5   %
adjusted ebitda margin basis points change              (60)                         140
year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 2022:
revenue in our capital markets segment increased 5% for the year ended december 31, 2023. recurring revenue contributed 6% to total segment growth due to strong new sales momentum and continued movement to a saas-based recurring revenue model. professional services revenue contributed (1%) to total segment growth.
adjusted ebitda increased year over year due to the revenue impacts noted above. adjusted ebitda margin declined year over year due to revenue mix.
year ended december 31, 2022, compared to 2021:
revenue in our capital markets segment increased 5% for the year ended december 31, 2022. recurring revenue contributed 7% to total segment growth due to strong new sales momentum and continued movement to a saas-based recurring revenue model. revenue was also negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency movements, which contributed (2%) to total segment growth primarily related to a stronger u.s. dollar versus the british pound sterling.
adjusted ebitda increased primarily due to the revenue impacts noted above. adjusted ebitda margin increased primarily due to continued expense management and operating leverage.
corporate and other years ended december 31,                                                                                       $ change                                        % change
2023 vs                 2022 vs                 2023 vs                 2022 vs
2023                                    2022                        2021                        2022                                       2021                    2022                    2021
(in millions)
revenue                 $322                        $464                        $483                        $(142)                   $(19)                    (31)    %                (4)    %
adjusted ebitda         $(346)                      $(259)                      $(360)                        (87)                     101                      34                    (28)
year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 2022:
revenue in our corporate and other segment decreased 31% for the year ended december 31, 2023, due to the ramp down of non-strategic businesses, as well as prior year divestitures.
adjusted ebitda decreased as a result of the revenue impacts noted above, as well as higher corporate expenses as compared to the prior year period.
year ended december 31, 2022, compared to 2021:
revenue in the corporate and other segment decreased 4% for the year ended december 31, 2023, primarily due to divestitures of non-strategic businesses in 2022 as well as client attrition in our non-strategic businesses.
adjusted ebitda increased due to lower corporate costs as compared to prior year. adjusted ebitda was positively impacted by favorable foreign currency movements related to a stronger u.s. dollar versus the british pound sterling and indian rupee.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements our principal ongoing cash requirements include operating expenses, income taxes, mandatory debt service payments, capital expenditures, stockholder dividends, working capital and timing differences in settlement-related assets and liabilities and may include discretionary debt repayments, share repurchases and business acquisitions. our principal sources of funds are cash generated by operations and borrowings, including the capacity under our revolving credit facility, the u.s. commercial paper program and the euro-commercial paper program discussed in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, in addition to the net proceeds from the worldpay sale which closed on january 31, 2024.
as of december 31, 2023, the company had $3,053 million of available liquidity, including $440 million of cash and cash equivalents, exclusive of discontinued operations, and $2,613 million of capacity available under its revolving credit facility and incremental revolving credit facility. approximately $9 million of cash and cash equivalents is held by our foreign entities, including amounts related to regulatory requirements. the majority of our domestic cash and cash equivalents relates to settlement payables and net deposits-in-transit, which are typically settled within a few business days. debt outstanding totaled $19.1 billion, with an effective weighted average interest rate of 3.5%. as of december 31, 2023, our assets held for sale included $1,380 million of cash and cash equivalents which the company will not be able to access following the separation of the worldpay merchant solutions business. such amount of cash and cash equivalents in assets held for sale is inclusive of $1,190 million in cash and cash equivalents held by foreign entities, including amounts related to regulatory requirements.
although we continue to evaluate the optimal capital structure for our business following the completion of the worldpay sale, we intend to maintain investment grade debt ratings for fis.
we believe that our current level of cash and cash equivalents plus cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating cash requirements, capital expenditures and mandatory debt service payments for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.
in february 2024, the board of directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.36 per share beginning with the first quarter of 2024. a regular quarterly dividend of $0.36 per common share is payable on march 22, 2024, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on march 8, 2024. we currently expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends at a target payout ratio consistent with our capital allocation strategy, without regard to net earnings (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest retained in worldpay post-separation. however, the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the board of directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities (including potential mergers and acquisitions), results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors, including legal and contractual restrictions, that may be considered relevant by our board of directors. additionally, the payment of cash dividends may be limited by covenants in certain debt agreements.
in january 2021, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program under which it authorized the company to repurchase up to 100 million shares of our common stock at management's discretion from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and through rule 10b5-1 plans. the share repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended for periods, amended or discontinued at any time. under the share repurchase program, the company repurchased approximately 9 million shares for an aggregate of $0.5 billion in 2023, 21 million shares for an aggregate of $1.8 billion in 2022 and approximately 15 million shares for an aggregate of $2.0 billion during 2021. approximately 55 million shares remain available for repurchase as of december 31, 2023. we plan to continue to prioritize debt reduction and share repurchases under the current share repurchase authorization. we now intend to repurchase approximately at least $3.5 billion of our shares outstanding by year end 2024.
cash flows from operations our net cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of net earnings, adjusted to add back depreciation and amortization and other non-cash items including asset impairments. cash flows from operations, inclusive of discontinued operations, were $4,335 million, $3,939 million and $4,810 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations). cash flows from operations increased $396 million in 2023 and decreased $871 million in 2022. the 2023 increase in cash flows from operations is primarily due to working capital improvements, partially offset by settlement timing. the 2022 decrease in cash flows from operations is primarily due to a decrease in net earnings and settlement timing, partially offset by working capital.
cash flows from investing our principal investing activity relates to capital expenditures for software (purchased and internally developed) and property and equipment. inclusive of discontinued operations, we invested approximately $1,122 million, $1,390 million and $1,251 million in capital expenditures (excluding other financing obligations for certain hardware and software) during 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for capital expenditures from discontinued operations). we expect to continue investing in software and in property and equipment to support our business.
we also invest in acquisitions that complement and extend our existing solutions and capabilities and provide additional solutions to our portfolio, and we dispose of assets that are no longer considered strategic. in the fourth quarter of 2023, we paid $202 million related to new acquisitions. in 2021, we used approximately $767 million of cash (net of cash acquired, including restricted cash) for an acquisition within the worldpay merchant solutions business, which is included in discontinued operations. in 2021, we received approximately $367 million of cash for the net proceeds from the sale of our equity ownership interest in cardinal holdings. we expect to continue to invest in acquisitions as part of our strategy to add solutions to help win new clients and cross-sell to existing clients.
cash flows from investing also occasionally include cash received or paid relative to other activities that are not regularly recurring in nature. in 2023, we paid approximately $20 million, and in 2022, we received approximately $726 million, of net cash related to the settlement of cross-currency interest rate swaps.
cash flows from financing cash flows from financing principally involve borrowing funds, repaying debt and the payment of dividends. for information regarding the company's debt and financing activity, see "risk factors-risks related to our indebtedness" in item 1a and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-interest rate risk" in item 7a of this annual report and notes 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2023, we paid $173 million related to the 2020 virtus acquisition to redeem a put option exercised by the founders as described in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. cash flows from financing activities for 2023, 2022 and 2021 also included payments on contingent value rights and a tax receivable agreement, which are included in discontinued operations.
contractual obligations fis' long-term contractual obligations generally include its long-term debt, interest on long-term debt including the impact of accounting hedges, net coupon payments on undesignated interest rate swaps, lease payments on certain of its property and equipment and payments for certain purchase commitments and other obligations. see notes 13, 14 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements for information on our long-term debt, financial instruments and operating leases, respectively. the following table summarizes fis' other significant contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2023 (in millions):
payments due in less than                      1-3                    3-5                  more than total                     1 year                    years                  years                    5 years interest (1)                                          $3,617                     $558                       $607                   $502                   $1,950
purchase commitments (2)                                 868                      466                        393                      9                        -
interest rate swap net coupons (3)                       778                      127                        217                    217       217
total                                                 $5,263                   $1,151                     $1,217                   $728                   $2,167
(1)the amounts above include the impact of accounting hedges and assume that (a) applicable margins and commitment fees remain constant; (b) variable-rates in effect as of december 31, 2023, remain constant; (c) no refinancing occurs at debt maturity; (d) only mandatory debt repayments are made; (e) no new hedging transactions are effected; and (f) there are no future currency effects.
(2)includes obligations principally for software, maintenance, and consulting and outsourced services, including cloud hosting and data centers.
(3)the amounts above reflect the net coupon payments on the fixed-to-variable and offsetting variable-to-fixed interest rate swaps, as described in note 14, that result in a net fixed coupon spread payable by the company; the amounts also assume that there are no future currency effects.
recent accounting pronouncements recently adopted accounting guidance no new accounting pronouncement adopted or effective during the fiscal year had or is expected to have material impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures.
recent accounting guidance not yet adopted see note 2 (u) to the consolidated financial statements for information on recent accounting guidance not yet adopted.
no other newly issued accounting pronouncements not yet effective during the fiscal year are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures.
