item 1a. risk factors we have listed below the most material risk factors applicable to us. these risk factors are not necessarily in the order of importance or probability of occurrence:
risks related to our competition and strategy if we do not deliver new products, services, technologies and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer needs and preferences, our business could suffer.  we believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers (oems) continue to shift resources to the development of evs. in addition to our traditional competitors, we must also be responsive to the entrance of start-ups and other non-traditional competitors in the automotive industry, such as software and ridesharing services supported by large technology companies. these new competitors, as well as established industry participants, are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, direct-to-consumer sales channels, methods of transportation and vehicle ownership. to successfully execute our long-term strategy, we must continue to develop and commercialize new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core ice business, such as evs and avs, software-enabled connected services and other new businesses.
there can be no assurance that advances in technology will occur in a timely or feasible way, if at all, that others will not acquire similar or superior technologies sooner than we do, or that we will acquire technologies on an exclusive basis or at a significant price advantage. the process of designing and developing new technology, products and services is costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment. if our access to capital were to become significantly constrained, if costs of capital increased significantly, or if our ability to raise capital is challenged relative to our peers, our ability to execute on our strategic plans could be adversely affected. further, if we are unable to prevent or effectively remedy errors, bugs, vulnerabilities or defects in our software and hardware, or fail to deploy updates to our software properly, or if we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments and changing customer needs and preferences, our sales, profitability and long-term competitiveness may be materially harmed.
our ability to attract and retain talented, diverse and highly skilled employees is critical to our success and competitiveness. our success depends on our ability to recruit and retain talented and diverse employees who are highly skilled general motors company and subsidiaries in their areas. in particular, our vehicles and connected services increasingly rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex and our success in this area is dependent upon our ability to retain and recruit the best talent. the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. in addition to compensation considerations, current and potential employees are increasingly placing a premium on culture and other various intangibles, such as working for companies with a clear purpose and strong brand reputation, flexible work arrangements, and other considerations, such as embracing sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and diverse employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our strategic plans.
our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including evs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. we operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features, at decreasing price points, designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. producing new and improved vehicle models, including evs, that preserve our reputation for designing, building and selling safe, high-quality cars, crossovers, trucks and suvs is critical to our long-term profitability. successful launches of our new vehicles are critical to our short-term profitability. the new vehicle development process can take two years or more, and a number of factors may lengthen that time period. because of this product development cycle and the various elements that may contribute to consumers' acceptance of new vehicle designs, including competitors' product introductions, technological innovations, fuel prices, general economic conditions, regulatory developments, including tax credits or other government policies in various countries, transportation infrastructure and changes in quality, safety, reliability and styling demands and preferences, an initial product concept or design may not result in a saleable vehicle or a vehicle that generates sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. our high proportion of fixed costs, both due to our significant investment in property, plant and equipment as well as other requirements of our collective bargaining agreements, which limit our flexibility to adjust personnel costs to changes in demands for our products, may further exacerbate the risks associated with incorrectly assessing demand for our vehicles.
our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of evs. the production and profitable sale of evs has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we continue our transition to an all-electric future. our ev strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a strategic portfolio of high-quality evs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; scale our ev manufacturing capabilities; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of evs, particularly with respect to battery cells and packs; increase vehicle range and the energy density of our batteries; efficiently source sufficient materials for the manufacture of battery cells; license and monetize our proprietary platforms and related innovations; successfully invest in new technologies relative to our peers; develop new software and services; and leverage our scale, manufacturing capabilities and synergies with existing ice vehicles. our progress towards these objectives has impacted, and may continue to impact, the need to record losses on our ev-related inventory, including battery cells.
in addition, the success of our long-term strategy is dependent on consumer adoption of evs. consumer adoption of evs could be impacted by numerous factors, including the breadth of the portfolio of evs available; perceptions about ev features, quality, safety, performance and cost relative to ice vehicles; the range over which evs may be driven on a given battery charge; the proliferation and speed of charging infrastructure, in particular with respect to public ev charging stations, and the success of the company's charging infrastructure programs and strategic joint ventures and other relationships; cost and availability of high fuel-economy ice vehicles; volatility, or a sustained decrease, in the cost of petroleum-based fuel; failure by governments and other third parties to make the investments necessary to make infrastructure improvements, such as greater availability of cleaner energy grids and ev charging stations, and to provide meaningful and fully utilizable economic incentives promoting the adoption of evs, including production and consumer credits contemplated by the inflation reduction act (ira); and negative feedback from stakeholders impacting investor and consumer confidence in our company or industry. if we are unable to successfully deliver on our ev strategy, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects, and could negatively impact our brand and reputation.
our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of ice vehicles, particularly our full-size ice suvs and full-size ice pickup trucks. while we offer a broad portfolio of cars, crossovers, suvs and trucks, and we have announced significant plans to design, build and sell a strategic portfolio of evs, we currently recognize the highest profit margins on our full-size ice suvs and full-size ice pickup trucks. as a result, our near-term success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. we are also using the cash generated by our ice vehicles to fund our growth strategy, including with respect to evs and avs. any near-term shift in consumer preferences toward smaller, more fuel-efficient vehicles, whether as a result of increases in the price of oil or any sustained shortage of oil, including as a result of global political instability (such as related to the ongoing conflicts in ukraine and gaza), concerns about fuel consumption or ghg emissions, or other reasons, could weaken the demand for our higher margin vehicles. more stringent fuel economy general motors company and subsidiaries regulations could also impact our ability to sell these vehicles or could result in additional costs associated with these vehicles, which could be material. see "our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business."
we operate in a highly competitive industry that has historically had excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results. the global automotive industry is highly competitive in terms of the quality, innovation, new technologies, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, customer service and financial services offered. additionally, despite the fact that oems have experienced supply constraints in recent years due to the covid-19 pandemic and certain supply chain and logistics challenges, overall manufacturing capacity in the automotive industry has historically far exceeded demand, and we expect conditions to normalize in the near term. in addition, we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in ev manufacturing capacity based on our expectations for ev demand, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties as described above. many manufacturers, including gm, have relatively high fixed labor costs as well as limitations on their ability to efficiently close facilities and reduce fixed costs, including as a result of collective bargaining agreements. in light of any excess capacity and high fixed costs, many industry participants have attempted to sell more vehicles by providing subsidized financing or leasing programs, offering marketing incentives or reducing vehicle prices. as a result, we have had, and may in the future need, to offer similar incentives, which may result in vehicle prices that do not offset our costs, including any cost increases or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations, which could affect our profitability. our competitors may also seek to benefit from economies of scale by consolidating or entering into other strategic agreements such as alliances or joint ventures intended to enhance their competitiveness.
manufacturers in countries that have lower production costs, such as china and india, have become competitors in key emerging markets and have begun offering their products in established markets, as well as a low-cost alternative to established entry-level automobiles. in addition, foreign governments may decide to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers, including gm and its joint venture partners. these actions have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results in these markets.
our av strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational and regulatory risks, including the various regulatory approvals and permits required for operating driverless avs in multiple markets. cruise holdings, our majority-owned subsidiary, is pursuing the development and commercialization of av technology. our av operations are capital intensive and subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including our ability to continue to develop self-driving software and hardware, such as light detection and ranging (lidar) sensors and other components; access to sufficient capital; risks related to the manufacture of purpose-built avs; and significant competition from both established automotive companies and technology companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to av technologies than we do. in addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of avs on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, reputation of our brand, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards and compliance with uncertain, evolving and potentially conflicting federal, state, provincial or local regulations. advanced technologies such as avs present novel issues with which domestic and foreign regulators have only limited experience, and will be subject to evolving regulatory frameworks. any current or future regulations in these areas, and our relationships with regulators, could impede the successful commercialization of these technologies and impact whether and how these technologies are designed and integrated into our products, and may ultimately subject us to increased costs and uncertainty. in order for cruise to successfully execute its business plan and achieve its revenue targets, legislation and regulations must evolve to permit widespread commercial av deployment. to the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches or other adverse events associated with our autonomous driving systems occur, we could be subject to liability, reputational harm, government scrutiny and further regulation, and it could deter consumer adoption of av technology. any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
in october 2023, a hit-and-run accident involving a pedestrian and a third-party vehicle occurred, which resulted in the pedestrian being thrown into the path of a cruise av. during the resulting investigation, regulators perceived that cruise representatives were not explicit about a secondary movement of the cruise av and, as a result, the california dmv suspended cruise's permits to operate avs in california without a safety driver. shortly thereafter, cruise voluntarily paused all of its driverless, supervised and manual av operations in the u.s. while it examines its processes, systems and tools. this orderly pause is designed to rebuild public trust while cruise undertakes a comprehensive safety review. in addition, certain federal and state agencies, including the california dmv, the california public utilities commission, nhtsa, the u.s. department of general motors company and subsidiaries justice and the sec, have opened investigations or made inquiries in connection with the incident. we and cruise are investigating these matters internally and intend to cooperate with all government regulators and agencies in connection with these matters. at this time, we are not able to predict when cruise will resume driverless testing or commercial av operations.
we are subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of ghg emissions, changing consumer preferences and other risks related to our transition to evs and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. increasing attention to climate change, rising societal expectations on companies to address climate change, requirements for increased disclosure and changes in consumer and investor preferences may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, risks associated with new regulatory requirements, risks to our reputation and the potential for increased litigation and governmental investigations. regulations at the federal, state or local level or in international jurisdictions could require us to further limit emissions associated with customer use of products we sell, change our manufacturing processes or product portfolio or undertake other activities that may require us to incur additional expense, which may be material. these requirements may increase the cost of, and/or diminish demand for, our ice vehicles. see "our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business." in addition, at the state and federal level in the u.s. and abroad there are an increasing number of sustainability-related rules and regulations that have been adopted or proposed. such regulations may subject us to new disclosure requirements, new supply chain requirements, new trade restrictions and increased risk of litigation or regulatory action, which could result in increased costs (in our operations and supply chain) and risks to our reputation or consumer demand for our products if we do not meet increasingly demanding stakeholder expectations and standards. furthermore, our practices may be judged against sustainability standards that are continually evolving and not always clear. prevailing sustainability standards, expectations and regulations may also reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas.
part of our strategy to address these risks includes our transition to evs, which presents additional risks, including reduced demand for, and therefore profits from, our ice vehicles, which we are using to fund our growth strategy and transition to evs; higher costs or reduced availability of materials related to ev technologies, whether as a result of increased competition or more stringent regulatory requirements, impacting profitability, particularly with respect to batteries and battery raw material; risks related to the success of our ev strategy, particularly with respect to advancement of battery cell technology, charging infrastructure and competition; and uncertainty over how evs will be treated under upcoming cafe regulations. see "our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of evs" and "our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of full-size ice suvs and full-size ice pickup trucks."
finally, increased intensity, frequency or duration of storms, droughts, wildfires or other severe weather events as a result of climate change may disrupt our production and the production, logistics, cost and procurement of products from our suppliers and timely delivery of vehicles to customers, and could negatively impact working conditions at our plants and those of our suppliers. such weather events may also adversely impact the financial condition of our customers, and thereby reduce demand for our products and services. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our operations our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile.  because we have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, small changes in sales volume can have a disproportionately large effect on our profitability. a number of economic and market conditions drive changes in new vehicle sales, including disruptions in the new vehicle supply chain, the availability and prices of used vehicles, levels of unemployment and inflation, availability of affordable financing, elevated interest rates, fluctuations in the cost of fuel, consumer confidence and demand for vehicles, political unrest or uncertainty, the occurrence of a public health crisis, barriers to trade and other global economic conditions. for a discussion of economic and market trends, see the "overview" section in part ii, item 7. md&a. if our operating environment deteriorates for these or other reasons, including a moderate to severe recession in any of the markets in which we operate, it could lead to a significant decrease in new vehicle sales, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
inflationary pressures and persistently high prices and uncertain availability of commodities, raw materials or other inputs used by us and our suppliers, or instability in logistics and related costs, could negatively impact our profitability. increases in prices, including as a result of inflation and rising interest rates, for commodities, raw materials, energy or other inputs that we and our suppliers use in manufacturing products, systems, components and parts, such as steel, precious metals, non-ferrous metals, critical minerals or other similar raw materials, or increases in logistics and related costs, have led and may general motors company and subsidiaries continue to lead to higher production costs for parts, components and vehicles. in addition, elevated cost, or reduced availability, of critical materials for our ev propulsion systems, including lithium, nickel, cobalt and certain rare earth metals, could lead to higher production costs for our evs and could impede our ability to successfully deliver on our ev strategy. further, increasing global demand for, and uncertain supply of, such materials could disrupt our or our suppliers' ability to obtain such materials in a timely manner and/or could lead to increased costs. geopolitical risk, fluctuations in supply and demand, fluctuations in interest rates, any weakening of the u.s. dollar and other economic and political factors have created and may continue to create pricing pressure for commodities, raw materials, energy and other inputs. these inflationary pressures could, in turn, negatively impact our profitability because we may not be able to pass all of those costs on to our customers or require our suppliers to absorb such costs.
our business in china subjects us to unique operational, competitive and regulatory risks. our business in china is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers, which have experienced significant growth in customer acceptance, as well as non-traditional market participants, such as domestic technology companies. in addition, our success in china depends upon our ability to adequately address unique market and consumer preferences driven by advancements related to evs, infotainment, software-enabled connected services and other new technologies while achieving industry-leading affordability. our ability to fully deploy our technologies in china may be impacted by evolving laws and regulations in the u.s. and china and the unique regulatory landscape in china. increased competition, continued u.s.-china trade tensions, weakening economic conditions in china or china's level of integration with key components in our global supply chain, among other factors, may result in cost increases, price reductions, reduced sales, profitability and margins, and challenges to gaining or holding market share.
certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in china are solely within the control of the chinese government, and chinese law regulates the scope of our investments and business conducted within china. the chinese government may adopt new regulations that may impact entities operating in china or the ability of non-chinese entities to obtain critical materials from china, potentially with little advance notice. in order to maintain access to the chinese market, we may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements, including under such regulatory actions, that are unique to the chinese market, at times with short notice. these actions may increase the cost of doing business in china or limit how we may do business in china, which could materially and adversely affect the profitability and financial condition of our china business.
we benefit from many ongoing strategic business relationships, particularly with respect to facilitating access to raw materials necessary for the production of evs, and a significant amount of our operations are conducted by joint ventures, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit. we are engaged in many strategic business relationships, and we expect that such arrangements will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business, particularly in light of industry consolidation. however, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or secure suitable business relationships in the future or that our competitors will not capitalize on such opportunities before we do, or that any strategic business relationships that we enter into will be successful. if we are unable to successfully source and execute on strategic business relationships in the future, our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, prospects and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. in particular, to secure critical materials for the production of evs, we have entered, and plan to continue to enter, into offtake agreements with raw material suppliers and make investments in certain raw material suppliers. the terms of these offtake agreements may obligate us to purchase defined quantities of output over a specified period of time, subject to certain conditions. if we are unable to utilize or otherwise monetize the raw materials we are obligated to purchase under these offtake agreements, whether as a result of lower than expected ev production volumes, changes in battery technology that reduce the need for certain raw materials or other reasons, it could materially adversely affect our cash flows and increase our inventory. further, our investments in raw materials suppliers could expose us to distinct risks not traditionally associated with the automotive sector, and if the raw materials suppliers in which we have invested are unsuccessful, our investments could lose their value.
in addition, many of our operations, primarily in china and korea as well as certain of our battery manufacturing and raw material sourcing operations in the u.s. and canada, are carried out by joint ventures. in joint ventures, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities, business incentives or resources as we do and may compete with us outside the joint venture. joint ventures are intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions that must further take into consideration our partners' interests. in joint ventures, we are required to foster our relationships with our co-owners as well as promote the overall success of the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, relationships deteriorate or strategic objectives diverge, our success in the joint venture may be materially adversely affected. further, because most of the benefits general motors company and subsidiaries from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, we do not receive all the benefits from our successful joint ventures.
in addition, because we share ownership and management with one or more parties, we may have limited control over the actions of a joint venture, particularly when we own a minority interest. as a result, we may be unable to prevent violations of applicable laws or other misconduct by a joint venture or the failure to satisfy contractual obligations by one or more parties. moreover, a joint venture may not be subject to the same financial reporting, corporate governance, or compliance approaches that we follow. to the extent another party makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control issues arise within the joint venture, we may have to take responsive actions, or we may be subject to penalties, fines or other punitive actions or suffer reputational harm for these activities.
the international scale and footprint of our operations expose us to additional risks. we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon an integrated global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture our products. our global operations subject us to extensive domestic and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, and a variety of other political, economic and regulatory risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, including: (1) changes in government leadership; (2) changes in trade compliance, labor, employment, tax, privacy, environmental and other laws, regulations or government policies impacting our overall business model or practices or restricting our ability to manufacture, purchase or sell products consistent with market demand and our business objectives; (3) political pressures to change any aspect of our business model or practices or that impair our ability to source raw materials, services, components, systems and parts, or manufacture products on competitive terms in a manner consistent with our business objectives (including with respect to full utilization of the incentives contemplated by the ira); (4) political uncertainty, instability, civil unrest, government controls over certain sectors or human rights concerns; (5) political and economic tensions between governments and changes in international economic policies, including restrictions on the repatriation of dividends or in the export of technology, especially between china and the u.s.; (6) changes to customs requirements or procedures (e.g., inspections) or new or higher tariffs, for example, on products imported into or exported from the u.s., including under u.s. or other trade laws or measures, or other key markets; (7) new or evolving non-tariff barriers or domestic preference procurement requirements, or enforcement of, changes to, withdrawals from or impediments to implementing free trade agreements, or preferences of foreign nationals for domestically manufactured products; (8) changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly in argentina, and interest rates; (9) economic downturns or significant changes in macroeconomic conditions in the countries in which we operate; (10) differing local product preferences and product requirements, including government certification requirements related to, among other things, fuel economy, vehicle emissions, evs and avs, connected services and safety; (11) impact of changes to and compliance with u.s. and foreign countries' export controls, economic sanctions and other similar measures; (12) impacts on our operations or liabilities resulting from u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those related to the foreign corrupt practices act and certain other anti-corruption laws; (13) differing labor regulations, agreements, requirements and union relationships; (14) differing dealer and franchise regulations and relationships; (15) difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries for local operations; and (16) natural disasters, public health crises, and other catastrophic events.
any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule. we assemble vehicles at various facilities around the world. our facilities are typically designed to produce particular models for particular geographic markets. no single facility is designed to manufacture our full range of vehicles. in some cases, certain facilities produce products, systems, components and parts that disproportionately contribute a greater degree to our profitability than others and create significant interdependencies among manufacturing facilities around the world. when these or other facilities become unavailable, either temporarily or permanently and for any number of reasons, including labor disruptions or shortages, supply chain disruptions, the occurrence of a public health crisis or catastrophic weather events, whether or not as a result of climate change, the inability to manufacture at the affected facility has resulted, and may in the future result, in harm to our reputation, increased costs, lower revenues and the loss of customers. we may not be able to easily shift production to other facilities or to make up for lost production. any new facility needed to replace an inoperable manufacturing facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements, need to satisfy our specialized manufacturing requirements and require specialized equipment.
in addition, substantially all of our hourly employees are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements that must be negotiated from time-to-time, including at the local facility level. as a result, we may be subject to an increased risk of strikes, work stoppages or other types of conflicts with labor unions and employees.
disruption in our suppliers' operations have disrupted, and could in the future disrupt, our production schedule. our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw general motors company and subsidiaries materials and parts that we need to manufacture our products. other than with respect to certain of our offtake agreements with battery raw material suppliers, our use of "just-in-time" manufacturing processes typically allows us to maintain minimal inventory. as a result, our ability to maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities of systems, components, raw materials and parts on time to meet our production schedules and specifications. in some instances, we purchase systems, components, raw materials and parts that are ultimately derived from a single source and may be at an increased risk for supply disruptions. any number of factors, including labor disruptions, catastrophic weather events, the occurrence of a public health crisis, contractual or other disputes, unfavorable economic or industry conditions, restrictions on transactions involving certain territories, entities or individuals, delivery delays or other performance problems or financial difficulties or solvency problems, could disrupt our suppliers' operations and lead to uncertainty in our supply chain or cause supply disruptions for us, which could, in turn, disrupt our operations, including the production of certain higher margin vehicles. when we experience supply disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly. any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials or parts even for a relatively short period of time could cause us to alter production schedules, increase work-in-process inventory or suspend production entirely, which could cause a loss of revenues or an increase in working capital, which would adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.
pandemics, epidemics, disease outbreaks and other public health crises have disrupted our business and operations, and future public health crises could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks in the u.s. or globally, such as the covid-19 pandemic, have previously disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our business, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and future expectations. any such events may adversely impact our global supply chain and global manufacturing operations and cause us to suspend our operations in the affected markets. in particular, we could experience, among other things: (1) continued or additional global supply disruptions; (2) labor disruptions or shortages; (3) an inability to manufacture; (4) an inability to sell to our customers; (5) a decline in showroom traffic and customer demand; (6) customer defaults on automobile loans and leases; (7) lower than expected pricing on vehicles sold at auction; and (8) an impaired ability to access credit and the capital markets. any new public health crisis could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations going forward.
risks related to our intellectual property, cybersecurity, information technology and data management practices competitors may independently develop products and services similar to ours, and there are no guarantees that gm's intellectual property rights would prevent competitors from independently developing or selling those products and services. there may be instances where, notwithstanding our intellectual property position, competitive products or services may impact the value of our brands and other intangible assets, and our business may be adversely affected. moreover, although gm takes reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of gm proprietary information, there can be no assurance that such efforts will completely deter or prevent misappropriation or improper use of our intellectual property. we sometimes face attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems for the purpose of improperly acquiring our trade secrets or confidential business information. the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position. in addition, we have been, and in the future may be, the target of patent enforcement actions by third parties, including aggressive and opportunistic enforcement claims by non-practicing entities. regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. although we have taken steps to mitigate such risks, if we are found to have infringed any third-party intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages, or we could be enjoined from offering some of our products and services. in addition, to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement, misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property against third parties. any such action could result in significant costs and diversion of our resources and management's attention, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any such action.
security breaches, cyberattacks and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles, owned or maintained by us, gm financial, or third parties, such as vendors or suppliers, could interfere with our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. we rely upon information technology systems and manufacture networked and connected products, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities and products. additionally, we and gm financial collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property and proprietary business information (including that of our dealers and suppliers), as well as personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks (including networks that may be controlled or maintained by third parties). the secure operation of these systems and products, and the general motors company and subsidiaries processing and maintenance of the information processed by these systems and products, is critical to our business operations and strategy. further, customers using our systems rely on the security of our infrastructure, including hardware and other elements provided by third parties, to ensure the reliability of our products and the protection of their data. we also face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including vendors, service providers, suppliers, customers, counterparties, exchanges, clearing agents, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries. such parties and other third parties who provide us services or with whom we communicate could also be the source of a cyberattack on, or breach of, our operational systems, network, data or infrastructure.
despite our security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology systems and networked and connected products may be vulnerable to intrusion, damage, disruptions or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers, computer viruses or worms, malware (including "ransomware"), phishing attacks, denial of service attacks or breaches due to errors, negligence or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to these systems and products. techniques used in cyberattacks to obtain unauthorized access to, disable or sabotage information technology systems are increasingly diverse and sophisticated. data breaches and other cybersecurity events have become increasingly commonplace, including as a result of the intensification of state-sponsored cyberattacks during periods of geopolitical conflict. the occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity and accessibility of these systems and products and the data that resides within them. similarly, such an occurrence could result in the compromise or loss of the information processed by these systems and products. such events could result in, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business operations and damage to our reputation. in addition, such events could increase the risk of claims alleging that we are non-compliant with applicable laws or regulations, subjecting us to potential liability or regulatory penalties and related costs under laws protecting the privacy of personal information; disrupt our operations; or reduce the competitive advantage we hope to derive from our investment in advanced technologies. various events described above have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. although impacts of past events have been immaterial, the impacts of such events in the future may be material.
security breaches and other disruptions of our in-vehicle systems could impact the safety of our customers and reduce confidence in gm and our products. our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. these systems control various vehicle functions including engine, transmission, safety, steering, navigation, acceleration, braking, window, door lock functions and battery and electric motors. we have designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to these systems. however, hackers and other malicious actors have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use networks, vehicle software or their systems to gain control of, or to change, our vehicles' functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. any unauthorized access to, or control of, our vehicles or their systems or any unauthorized access to or loss of data could adversely impact the safety of our customers or result in failure of our systems, any of which could result in interruptions to our business, legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties. laws that would permit third-party access to vehicle data and related systems could expose our vehicles and vehicle systems to third-party access without appropriate security measures in place, leading to new safety and security risks for our customers and reducing customer trust and confidence in our products. in addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles or their systems or data, as well as other factors that may result in the perception that our vehicles or their systems or data are capable of being "hacked" and lack appropriate safety controls, could negatively affect our brand and harm our reputation, which could adversely impact our business and operating results.
our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing and security of the personal information of our customers, employees and suppliers, are subject to increasingly complex and restrictive regulations in all key market regions. under these regulations, which include the california consumer privacy act of 2018, as amended by the california privacy rights act, and the eu's general data protection regulation 2016/679, the u.k. data protection act of 2018, and other international data protection, privacy, data security, data localization and similar national, state, provincial, and local laws, the failure to maintain compliant data practices could result in consumer complaints and regulatory inquiry, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, as well as have a negative impact on our brand or result in other harm to our business. in addition, increased consumer sensitivity to real or perceived failures in maintaining acceptable data practices could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations will be high and is likely to increase in the future. the growing patchwork of state and country regulations imposes burdensome obligations on companies to quickly respond to consumer requests, such as requests to delete, disclose and stop selling personal information, with significant fines for noncompliance. complying with these new laws has significantly increased, and may continue to increase, our operating costs and is driving increased complexity in our operations.
general motors company and subsidiaries risks related to government regulations and litigation our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. we are significantly affected by governmental regulations on a global basis that can increase costs related to the production of our vehicles and affect our product portfolio, particularly regulations relating to fuel economy standards and ghg emissions. meeting or exceeding the requirements of these regulations is costly, often technologically challenging and may require phase-out of internal combustion propulsion vehicles in certain major jurisdictions, and these standards are often not harmonized across jurisdictions. we anticipate that the number and extent of these and other regulations, laws and policies, and the related costs and changes to our product portfolio, may increase significantly in the future, primarily motivated by efforts to reduce ghg emissions. specifically, fuel economy and ghg emission regulations at the federal, state or local level or in international jurisdictions could require us to further limit the sale of certain profitable products, subsidize the sale of less profitable ones, change our manufacturing processes, pay increased penalties, purchase additional credits from our competitors or undertake other activities that may require us to incur additional expense, which may be material. these requirements may increase the cost of, and/or diminish demand for, our vehicles. these regulatory requirements, among others, could significantly affect our plans for global product development and, given the uncertainty surrounding enforcement and regulatory definitions and interpretations, may result in substantial costs, including civil or criminal penalties. in addition, an evolving but un-harmonized emissions and fuel economy regulatory framework that could include specific sales mandates may limit or dictate the types of vehicles we sell and where we sell them, which can affect our revenues and profitability. refer to the "environmental and regulatory matters" section of item 1. business for further information on regulatory and environmental requirements.
we expect that to comply with fuel economy and ghg emission standards and mandates to sell specific volumes of zevs in certain jurisdictions, we will be required to sell a significant volume of evs, and potentially develop and implement new technologies for conventional internal combustion engines, all of which will require substantial investment and expense. there are limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time frame, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies, lack of sufficient consumer acceptance of new technologies and of changes in vehicle mix, lack of willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles, the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, especially with respect to evs, the availability (or lack thereof) of the raw materials and component supply to make batteries and other elements of evs, and the human, engineering and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. there is no assurance that we will be able to produce and sell vehicles that use such new technologies on a profitable basis or that our customers will purchase such vehicles in the quantities necessary for us to comply with current or future regulatory requirements.
in the current uncertain regulatory framework, compliance costs for which we may be responsible and that are not reasonably estimable could be substantial. alleged violations of fuel economy or vehicle emission standards could result in legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines and penalties, restricted product offerings or a combination of any of those items. any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, financial condition and operations, including facility idling, reduced employment, increased costs and loss of revenue.
in addition, many of our advanced technologies, including avs, present novel issues with which domestic and foreign regulators have only limited experience, and will be subject to evolving regulatory frameworks. current or any future regulations in these areas could impede the successful commercialization of these technologies and impact whether and how these technologies are designed and integrated into our products, and may ultimately subject us to increased costs and uncertainty.
we could be materially adversely affected by unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations or other proceedings. we are subject to legal proceedings in the u.s. and elsewhere involving various issues, including product liability lawsuits, warranty litigation, class action litigations alleging product defects, emissions litigation, stockholder litigation, labor and employment litigation and claims and actions arising from restructurings and divestitures of operations and assets. in addition, we are subject to various governmental proceedings and investigations. a negative outcome in one or more of these proceedings could result in the imposition of damages, including punitive damages, fines, reputational harm, civil lawsuits and criminal penalties, interruptions of business, modification of business practices, equitable remedies and other sanctions against us or our personnel as well as legal and other costs, all of which may be significant. for a further discussion of certain of these matters, refer to note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
general motors company and subsidiaries the costs and effect on our reputation of product safety recalls and alleged defects in products and services could materially adversely affect our business. government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy certain product safety defects through recall campaigns and vehicle repurchases. under these standards, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or may incur various costs, including significant costs for repairs made at no cost to the consumer. the costs we incur in connection with these recalls typically include the cost of the part being replaced and labor to remove and replace the defective part. the costs to complete a recall could be exacerbated to the extent that such action relates to a global platform. concerns about the safety of our products, including advanced technologies like avs, whether raised internally or by regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence or supported by data, can result in product delays, recalls, field actions, lost sales, governmental investigations, regulatory action, private claims, lawsuits and settlements and reputational damage. these circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in our products and ability to lead the industry with respect to new technologies, such as evs and avs.
we currently source a variety of systems, components, raw materials and parts from third parties. from time to time these items may have performance or quality issues that could harm our reputation and cause us to incur significant costs, particularly if the affected items relate to global platforms or involve defects that are identified years after production. our ability to recover costs associated with recalls or other campaigns caused by parts or components purchased from suppliers may be limited by the suppliers' financial condition or a number of other reasons or defenses.
we may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax exposure. we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the u.s. and numerous other jurisdictions in which we do business. many judgments are required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities, and we are regularly under audit by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities, which may not agree with our tax positions. in addition, our tax liabilities are subject to other significant risks and uncertainties, including those arising from potential changes in laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business (for example, the organisation for economic co-operation and development proposals, including the introduction of global minimum tax standards), the possibility of tax controversy related to adverse determinations with respect to the application of existing laws (in particular, with respect to full realization of the incentives contemplated by the ira), changes in our business or structure and changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. any unfavorable resolution of these and other uncertainties may have a significant adverse impact on our tax rate and results of operations. if our tax expense were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks related to automotive financing - gm financial we rely on gm financial to provide financial services to our customers and dealers. gm financial faces a number of business, economic and financial risks that could impair its access to capital and negatively affect its business and operations, which in turn could impede its ability to provide leasing and financing to customers and commercial lending to our dealers. any reduction in gm financial's ability to provide such financial services would negatively affect our efforts to support additional sales of our vehicles and expand our market penetration among customers and dealers.
the primary factors that could adversely affect gm financial's business and operations and reduce its ability to provide financing services at competitive rates include the sufficiency, availability and cost of sources of funding, including credit facilities, securitization programs and secured and unsecured debt issuances; the performance of loans and leases in its portfolio, which could be materially affected by charge-offs, delinquencies and prepayments; wholesale auction values of used vehicles; vehicle return rates and the residual value performance on vehicles gm financial leases to customers; fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates; competition for customers from commercial banks, credit unions and other financing and leasing companies; and changes to regulation, supervision, enforcement and licensing across various jurisdictions.
in addition, gm financial has certain floating-rate obligations, hedging transactions and floating-rate commercial loans that determine their applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to a benchmark rate, generally the secured overnight financing rate (sofr), which is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by treasury securities. any uncertainties associated with these benchmark rates may impact gm financial's ability to manage interest rate risk effectively.
further, as an entity operating in the financial services sector, gm financial is required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that may be costly to adhere to and may affect our consolidated operating results. compliance with these laws and regulations requires that gm financial maintain forms, processes, procedures, controls and the infrastructure to support these requirements. laws in the financial services industry are designed primarily for the protection of consumers. the failure general motors company and subsidiaries to comply with these laws could result in significant statutory civil and criminal penalties, monetary damages, attorneys' fees and costs, possible revocation of licenses and damage to reputation, brand and valued customer relationships.
risks related to defined benefit pension plans our pension funding requirements could increase significantly due to a reduction in funded status as a result of a variety of factors, including weak performance of financial markets, declining interest rates, changes in the level of benefits provided for by the plans, changes in laws or regulations, or changes in assumptions or investments that do not achieve adequate returns. our employee benefit plans currently hold a significant amount of equity and fixed income securities. a detailed description of the investment funds and strategies and our potential funding requirements are disclosed in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements, which also describes significant concentrations of risk to the plan investments.
our future funding requirements for our defined benefit pension plans depend upon the future performance of assets placed in trusts for these plans, the level of interest rates used to determine funding levels, the level of benefits provided for by the plans and any changes in laws and regulations. future funding requirements generally increase if the discount rate decreases or if actual asset returns are lower than expected asset returns, assuming other factors are held constant. we estimate future contributions to these plans using assumptions with respect to these and other items. changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions.
there are additional risks due to the complexity and magnitude of our investments. examples include implementation of significant changes in investment policy, insufficient market liquidity in particular asset classes and the inability to quickly rebalance illiquid and long-term investments.
factors that affect future funding requirements for our u.s. defined benefit plans generally affect the required funding for non-u.s. plans. certain plans outside the u.s. do not have assets and therefore the obligation is funded as benefits are paid. if local legal authorities increase the minimum funding requirements for our non-u.s. plans, we could be required to contribute more funds, which could negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition.
*  *  *  *  *  *  *
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this md&a should be read in conjunction with the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and notes. forward-looking statements in this md&a are not guarantees of future performance and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. refer to the "forward-looking statements" section of this md&a and part i, item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties. the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 included in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022 is incorporated by reference into this md&a.
overview our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion. we will adapt to customer preferences while executing our growth-focused strategy to invest in evs, hybrids, avs, software-enabled services and other new business opportunities. to support strong margins and cash flow during this transition, we are strengthening our market position in profitable ice vehicles, such as trucks and suvs. we plan to execute our strategy with a steadfast commitment to good corporate citizenship through more sustainable operations and a leading health and safety culture.
our financial performance in 2023 was driven by the success of high-margin products like full-size pick-ups and suvs, despite several headwinds, including higher interest rates and inflationary pressures, supply chain and logistics challenges, and work stoppages associated with recent labor negotiations. this performance was due to the strength of our vehicle portfolio, strong consumer demand and execution of our core business strategy, focused on fixed cost reduction and pricing discipline.
in january 2023, we announced our intention to implement a cost reduction program to reduce automotive fixed costs by $2.0 billion on an annual run rate basis by the end of 2024. this goal includes the impact of higher expected depreciation and amortization expense and inflationary cost increases on fixed cost but excludes changes in our pension income. in march 2023, general motors company and subsidiaries we announced performance-based exits and a voluntary separation program (vsp) in an effort to accelerate attrition, which we believe will result in approximately $1.0 billion towards this target on an annual run rate basis. in addition to people costs, we are reducing our marketing and advertising expenses, streamlining our engineering expense by reducing complexity across the vehicle portfolio, adjusting the cadence of our ev launches due to customer demand, reducing launch-related expenses in the near-term, reprioritizing growth initiatives and reducing our overall overhead and discretionary costs.
as we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. these actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges, which may have a material impact on our operating results. refer to the consolidated results and regional sections of this md&a for additional information.
our collective bargaining agreement with the uaw, which was ratified in october 2019, expired on september 14, 2023. on september 15, 2023, the uaw initiated a strike at certain of our u.s. facilities and intermittently expanded the strike to additional facilities, causing stoppages to some vehicle production and parts distribution activities across our u.s. operations. we estimate that the lost vehicle production volumes and parts sales due to the uaw strike had an unfavorable impact of approximately $0.8 billion on net income attributable to stockholders and $1.1 billion on our gmna ebit-adjusted in the year ended december 31, 2023.
on november 16, 2023, the uaw ratified a new collective bargaining agreement (the labor agreement). the labor agreement, which continues through april 30, 2028, covers the wages, hours, benefits and other terms and conditions of employment for our uaw-represented employees. the key terms and provisions of the labor agreement are:
general wage increases of 11% upon ratification in 2023, 3% in september each of 2024, 2025 and 2026, and 5% in september 2027;
consolidation of applicable wage classifications for in-progression, temporary and other employees - with employees reaching the top classification rate upon the completion of 156 weeks of active service;
the re-establishment of a cost-of-living allowance;
lump sum ratification bonus payments of $5,000 paid to eligible employees in the three months ended december 31, 2023;
for members currently employed and enrolled in the employees' pension plan, an increase of $5.00 to the monthly basic benefit for past and future service provided;
a 3.6% increase in company contributions to eligible employees' defined contribution retirement accounts; and
annual contribution of $500 to eligible retirees or surviving spouses.
beginning in 2024 and through the end of the term of the labor agreement, gm will offer three separate cash severance incentive programs to uaw-represented employees that meet the normal or early retirement eligibility requirements.
on august 16, 2022, the ira was enacted. the ira modified climate and clean energy tax provisions and added new corporate tax credits for commercial ev purchases and investments in clean energy production, supply chains and manufacturing facilities. ira benefits, including credits and lower material costs, are expected to materially affect net income in the future. we will continue to evaluate the ira impacts on our financial results as additional regulatory guidance is issued.
we face continuing market, operating and regulatory challenges in several countries across the globe due to, among other factors, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, heightened emission standards, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, evolving trade policy and political uncertainty. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of these challenges.
for the year ending december 31, 2024, we expect eps-diluted and eps-diluted-adjusted of between $8.50 and $9.50, net income attributable to stockholders of between $9.8 billion and $11.2 billion and ebit-adjusted of between $12.0 billion and $14.0 billion. these expected financial results do not include the potential impact of future adjustments related to special items. refer to the "non-gaap measures" section of this md&a for additional information.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table reconciles expected net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) to expected ebit-adjusted (dollars in billions):
year ending december 31, 2024
net income attributable to stockholders                                $ 9.8-11.2
income tax expense                                                        2.1-2.7
automotive interest expense, net                                              0.1
ebit-adjusted(a)                                                      $ 12.0-14.0
__________
(a)we do not consider the potential future impact of adjustments on our expected financial results.
gmna industry sales in north america were 19.6 million units in the year ended december 31, 2023, representing an increase of 13.1% compared to the corresponding period in 2022. u.s. industry sales were 16.0 million units in the year ended december 31, 2023, representing an increase of 12.2% compared to the corresponding period in 2022.
our total vehicle sales in the u.s., our largest market in north america, were 2.6 million units for a market share of 16.2% in the year ended december 31, 2023, representing an increase of 0.3 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2022.
we expect to sustain relatively strong ebit-adjusted margins in 2024 on the continued strength of our product portfolio, improved ev margins and ongoing fixed cost reduction efforts, partially offset by pricing moderation with increased incentives. while we expect ev margins to improve in 2024, it is possible that we will continue to recognize losses to adjust inventory to net realizable value. our outlook is dependent on the resiliency of the u.s. economy, continuing improvement of supply chain availability, ev-related cost reduction and overall economic conditions.
gmi industry sales in china were 25.0 million units in the year ended december 31, 2023, representing an increase of 6.3% compared to the corresponding period in 2022. our total vehicle sales in china were 2.1 million units resulting in a market share of 8.4% in the year ended december 31, 2023, representing a decrease of 1.4 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2022. the ongoing supply chain disruptions, global macro-economic conditions and geopolitical tensions continue to place pressure on china's automotive industry and our vehicle sales in china. our automotive china jvs generated equity income of $0.4 billion in the year ended december 31, 2023. price competition, growing customer acceptance of domestic brands and demand for nevs, and a more challenging regulatory environment related to emissions, fuel consumption and nevs have and will continue to place pressure on our operations in china.
outside of china, industry sales were 25.7 million units in the year ended december 31, 2023, representing an increase of 7.3% compared to the corresponding period in 2022. our total vehicle sales outside of china were 1.0 million units for a market share of 4.0% in the year ended december 31, 2023, which is comparable to the corresponding period in 2022.
cruise cruise holdings, our majority-owned subsidiary, is pursuing the development and commercialization of av technology. in october 2023, a hit-and-run accident involving a pedestrian and a third-party vehicle occurred, which resulted in the pedestrian being thrown into the path of a cruise av. during the resulting investigation, regulators perceived that cruise representatives were not explicit about a secondary movement of the cruise av and, as a result, the california dmv suspended cruise's permits to operate avs in california without a safety driver. shortly thereafter, cruise voluntarily paused all of its driverless, supervised and manual av operations in the u.s. while it examines its processes, systems and tools. this orderly pause is designed to rebuild public trust while cruise undertakes a comprehensive safety review. in addition, certain federal and state agencies, including the california dmv, the california public utilities commission, nhtsa, the u.s. department of justice and the sec, have opened investigations or made inquiries in connection with the incident. we and cruise are investigating these matters internally and intend to cooperate with all government regulators and agencies in connection with these matters. at this time, we are not able to predict when cruise will resume driverless testing or commercial av operations. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for a further discussion of the risks associated with our av strategy.
in connection with the pause in operations and cruise's refocused operational strategy, we recorded restructuring charges of $0.5 billion in the three months ended december 31, 2023, and also expect reductions of approximately $1.0 billion in cruise expenses in 2024.
general motors company and subsidiaries automotive financing - gm financial summary and outlook we believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental gm financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. gm financial's penetration of our retail sales in the u.s. was 42% in the year ended december 31, 2023 and 43% in the corresponding period in 2022. penetration levels vary depending on incentive financing programs available and competing third-party financing products in the market. gm financial's prime loan originations as a percentage of total loan originations in north america was 82% in the year ended december 31, 2023 and 80% in the corresponding period in 2022. in the year ended december 31, 2023, gm financial's revenue consisted of leased vehicle income of 51%, retail finance charge income of 37% and commercial finance charge income of 7%.
gm financial's leasing program is exposed to residual values, which are heavily dependent on used vehicle prices. gains on terminations of leased vehicles of $0.9 billion and $1.2 billion were included in gm financial interest, operating and other expenses in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. the decrease in gains is primarily due to higher leased portfolio net book values at termination and fewer terminated leases in 2023 compared to 2022. the following table summarizes the estimated residual value based on gm financial's most recent estimates and the number of units included in gm financial equipment on operating leases, net by vehicle type (units in thousands):
december 31, 2023                                                                     december 31, 2022
residual value                   units                    percentage                residual value                     units                    percentage crossovers            $12,830                        648                        67.5     %                $14,207                          736                        67.3     %
trucks                  6,793                        210                        21.9     %                  6,961                          228                        20.9     %
suvs                    2,304                         58                         6.0     %                  2,595                           66                         6.0     %
cars                      734                         44                         4.6     %                    964                           63                         5.8     %
total                 $22,661                        960                       100.0     %                $24,727                        1,092                       100.0     %
consolidated results we review changes in our results of operations under five categories: volume, mix, price, cost and other. volume measures the impact of changes in wholesale vehicle volumes driven by industry volume, market share and changes in dealer stock levels. mix measures the impact of changes to the regional portfolio due to product, model, trim, country and option penetration in current year wholesale vehicle volumes. price measures the impact of changes related to manufacturer's suggested retail price and various sales allowances. cost primarily includes: (1) material and freight; (2) manufacturing, engineering, advertising, administrative and selling and warranty expense; and (3) non-vehicle related activity. other primarily includes foreign exchange and non-vehicle related automotive revenues as well as equity income or loss from our nonconsolidated affiliates. refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information.
total net sales and revenue years ended december 31,                  favorable/ (unfavorable)                                           variance due to
2023                                                              2022                                                            %                                  volume   mix                         price                           other
(dollars in billions)
gmna                                      $141,445                          $128,378                             $13,067                            10.2   %                  $8.5                        $0.7                         $3.2                   $0.7
gmi                                         15,949                            15,420                                 529                             3.4   %                  $(0.6)                      $0.4                         $1.2                   $(0.4)
corporate                                      273                               177                                  96                            54.2   %                                              $-                                                  $0.1
automotive                                 157,667                           143,974                              13,693                             9.5   %                  $7.8                        $1.1                         $4.3                   $0.4
cruise                                         102                               102                                   -                               -   %                                              $-                                                  $-
gm financial                                14,225                            12,766                               1,459                            11.4   %                                                                                                  $1.5
eliminations/reclassifications               (151)                             (107)                                (44)                          (41.1)   %                                              $-                                                  $(0.1)
total net sales and revenue               $171,842                          $156,735                             $15,108                             9.6   %                  $7.8                        $1.2                         $4.3                   $1.8
refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information on volume, mix, price and other.
general motors company and subsidiaries automotive and other cost of sales years ended december 31,                  favorable/ (unfavorable)                                           variance due to
2023                                                                                          2022                                                  %                   volume                         mix                         cost                        other
(dollars in billions)
gmna                                               $123,577                          $109,651                           $(13,926)                          (12.7)   %                  $(6.1)                      $(1.6)                      $(6.2)                      $-
gmi                                                  14,164                            14,166                                   2                               -   %                  $0.5                        $(0.3)                      $(0.3)                      $0.1
corporate                                               513                               500                                (13)                           (2.6)   %                                              $-                          $(0.1)                      $0.1
cruise                                                3,088                             2,576                               (512)                          (19.9)   %                                              $-                          $(0.5)
eliminations                                           (12)                               (2)                                  10                                n.m.                                              $-                          $-
total automotive and other cost of sales           $141,330                          $126,892                           $(14,438)                          (11.4)   %                  $(5.6)                      $(2.0)                      $(7.0)                      $0.2
__________
n.m. = not meaningful the most significant element of our automotive and other cost of sales is material cost, which makes up approximately two-thirds of the total amount. the remaining portion includes labor costs, depreciation and amortization, engineering, freight and product warranty and recall campaigns.
factors that most significantly influence a region's profitability are industry volume, market share and the relative mix of vehicles (trucks, crossovers, cars) sold. variable profit is a key indicator of product profitability. variable profit is defined as revenue less material cost, freight, the variable component of manufacturing expense and warranty and recall-related costs. vehicles with higher selling prices generally have higher variable profit. refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information on volume and mix.
in the year ended december 31, 2023, increased cost was primarily due to: (1) increased campaigns and other warranty-related costs of $2.1 billion; (2) increased ev-related charges of $2.0 billion, primarily due to $1.7 billion in inventory adjustments to reflect the net realizable value at period end; (3) increased manufacturing costs of $0.9 billion; (4) charges of $0.7 billion related to the vsp; (5) increased engineering costs of $0.5 billion, driven primarily by $0.8 billion increase in av engineering costs; partially offset by $0.4 billion decrease in automotive engineering cost (6) charges of $0.5 billion related to cruise restructuring; and (7) increased material and freight costs of $0.3 billion; partially offset by (8) decrease of $0.8 billion due to absence of the charge for the modification of cruise stock incentive awards in 2022. in the year ended december 31, 2023, favorable other was due to the weakening of the canadian dollar and other currencies against the u.s. dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the mexican peso and other currencies against the u.s. dollar.
automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense years ended december 31,   year ended
2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                                    2022                        2021                        favorable/ (unfavorable)                        %
automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense           $9,840                     $10,667                      $8,554       $827                             7.8                      %
in the year ended december 31, 2023, automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense decreased primarily due to: (1) decreased advertising, selling, and administrative costs of $0.7 billion; and (2) decrease of $0.3 billion due to the absence of the charge for the modification of cruise stock incentive awards in 2022; partially offset by (3) charges of $0.2 billion related to the vsp.
general motors company and subsidiaries interest income and other non-operating income, net years ended december 31,   year ended
2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                        2022                        2021                        favorable/ (unfavorable)                        %
interest income and other non-operating income, net            $1,537                      $1,432                      $3,041       $105                             7.3                      %
in the year ended december 31, 2023, interest income and other non-operating income, net increased primarily due to: (1) the absence of $0.7 billion loss related to the shutdown of our russia business; (2) $0.6 billion increase in interest income; and (3) the absence of $0.4 billion in losses related to stellantis n.v. (stellantis) warrants; partially offset by (4) $1.3 billion decrease in non-service pension income primarily due to higher interest cost and lower expected return on assets (roa); and (5) the absence of $0.3 billion in gains related to revaluation of investments.
income tax expense years ended december 31,   year ended
2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                     2022                        2021                        favorable/ (unfavorable)                        %
income tax expense            $563                      $1,888                      $2,771       $1,325                           70.2                     %
in the year ended december 31, 2023, income tax expense decreased primarily due to jurisdictional mix of earnings, valuation allowance adjustments and lower pre-tax income.
for the year ended december 31, 2023 our etr-adjusted was 15.7%. we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be between 18% and 20% for the year ending december 31, 2024.
refer to note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to income tax expense.
gm north america years ended december 31,               favorable/ (unfavorable)                                               variance due to
2023                                                   2022                                                                                %                 volume                      mix                        price                    cost                       other
(dollars in billions)
total net sales and revenue            $141,445                          $128,378                    $13,067                                      10.2   %                  $8.5                     $0.7                       $3.2                                                $0.7
ebit-adjusted                           $12,306                           $12,988                    $(682)                                      (5.3)   %                  $2.3                     $(0.9)                     $3.2                     $(5.1)                     $(0.2)
ebit-adjusted margin                        8.7    %   10.1                          %               (1.4)                 %
(vehicles in thousands)
wholesale vehicle sales                   3,147                             2,926        221                                                       7.6   %
gmna total net sales and revenue in the year ended december 31, 2023, total net sales and revenue increased primarily due to: (1) increased net wholesale volumes primarily due to increased sales of crossover vehicles and full-size pickup trucks, partially offset by decreased sales of mid-size pickup trucks; (2) favorable price as a result of low dealer inventory levels and strong demand for our products; (3) favorable mix associated with increased sales of full-size pickup trucks and full-size suvs and decreased sales of vans, passenger cars and mid-size pickup trucks, partially offset by increased sales of crossover vehicles; and (4) favorable other due to increased sales of parts and accessories.
gmna ebit-adjusted the most significant factors that influence profitability are industry volume and market share. while not as significant as industry volume and market share, another factor affecting profitability is the relative mix of vehicles sold. trucks, crossovers and cars sold currently have a variable profit of approximately 170%, 40% and 50% of our gmna portfolio on a weighted-average basis.
in the year ended december 31, 2023, ebit-adjusted decreased primarily due to: (1) increased cost primarily due to increased campaigns and other warranty-related costs of $2.0 billion, increased ev-related charges of $1.9 billion primarily due to $1.6 billion in inventory adjustments to reflect the net realizable value at period end, decreased non-service pension income of $1.1 billion and increased manufacturing costs of $0.9 billion, partially offset by decreased advertising, selling and administrative costs of $1.1 billion; and (2) unfavorable mix associated with increased sales of crossover vehicles partially general motors company and subsidiaries offset by decreased sales of mid-size pickup trucks and passengers cars and increased sales of full-size suvs; partially offset by (3) favorable price; and (4) favorable volume.
gm international years ended december 31,                     favorable/ (unfavorable)                                           variance due to
2023                                                                                      2022                                                     %                   volume                        mix                      price                    cost                       other
(dollars in billions)
total net sales and revenue                       $15,949                         $15,420                                   $529                             3.4   %                  $(0.6)                     $0.4                     $1.2                                                $(0.4)
ebit-adjusted                                      $1,210                          $1,143                                    $67                             5.9   %                  $(0.1)                     $0.1                     $1.2                     $(0.3)                     $(0.7)
ebit-adjusted margin                                  7.6    %                        7.4    %                               0.2          %
equity income - automotive china                     $446                            $677                                 $(231)                          (34.1)   %
ebit-adjusted - excluding equity income              $764                            $466                                   $298                            63.9   %
(vehicles in thousands)
wholesale vehicle sales                               621                             653                                   (32)                           (4.9)   %
the vehicle sales of our automotive china jvs are not recorded in total net sales and revenue. the results of our joint ventures are recorded in equity income, which is included in ebit-adjusted above.
gmi total net sales and revenue  in the year ended december 31, 2023, total net sales and revenue increased primarily due to: (1) favorable pricing across multiple vehicle lines in argentina, brazil and the middle east; and (2) favorable mix primarily in asia/pacific and the middle east; partially offset by (3) decreased net wholesale volumes in egypt, colombia and chile primarily due to industry downturn, partially offset by increased volumes in brazil due to a new vehicle launch; and (4) unfavorable other primarily due to the foreign currency effect resulting from the weakening of the argentine peso against the u.s. dollar, partially offset by increased components, parts and accessories sales.
gmi ebit-adjusted  in the year ended december 31, 2023, ebit-adjusted increased primarily due to: (1) favorable price; and (2) favorable mix; partially offset by (3) unfavorable cost primarily due to increased material, logistic and warranty-related costs and other costs to support a new vehicle launch in south america, partially offset by favorable impact due to an asset sale in korea; (4) decreased net wholesale volumes; and (5) unfavorable other primarily due to foreign currency effect resulting from the weakening of argentine peso against the u.s. dollar and decreased equity income.
we view the chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy. in the coming years, we plan to leverage our global architectures to introduce a number of new product offerings under the buick, chevrolet and cadillac brands in china and continue to grow our business under the local baojun and wuling brands while we are accelerating the development and rollout of evs across our brands in china as part of our commitment to an all-electric future. we operate in the chinese market through a number of joint ventures and maintaining strong relationships with our joint venture partners is an important part of our china growth strategy.
the following table summarizes certain key operational and financial data for the automotive china jvs (vehicles in thousands):
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                   2022                        2021
wholesale vehicle sales including vehicles exported to markets outside of china            2,334                       2,639                       3,007
total net sales and revenue                                                              $31,435                     $35,857                     $42,776
net income                                                                                $1,122                      $1,407                      $2,109
december 31, 2023       december 31, 2022
cash and cash equivalents               $6,875                  $8,552
debt                                      $202                    $197
general motors company and subsidiaries cruise years ended december 31,                                                      2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                     2022                          2021                          favorable/ (unfavorable)                        %
total net sales and revenue(a)         $102                          $102                          $106              $-                                              -           %
ebit (loss)-adjusted                   $(2,695)                      $(1,890)                      $(1,196)          $(805)                                          (42.6)      %
__________
(a)    primarily reclassified to interest income and other non-operating income, net in our consolidated income statements in each of the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
cruise ebit (loss)-adjusted in the year ended december 31, 2023, ebit (loss)-adjusted increased primarily due to an increase in development costs as we pursue the development and commercialization of av technology in the u.s. and globally.
gm financial years ended december 31,                                        2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                                       2022                        2021                      amount                               %
total revenue                                           $14,225                     $12,766                     $13,419                     $1,459                            11.4    %
provision for loan losses                                  $826                        $654                        $248                       $172                            26.3    %
ebt-adjusted                                             $2,985                      $4,076                      $5,036                   $(1,091)                          (26.8)    %
average debt outstanding (dollars in billions)           $100.4                       $93.8                       $94.1                       $6.6                             7.0    %
effective rate of interest paid                             4.7   %                     3.1   %                     2.7   %                    1.6    %
gm financial revenue in the year ended december 31, 2023, total revenue increased primarily due to: (1) increased finance charge income of $1.7 billion primarily due to an increase in the effective yield resulting from higher benchmark interest rates and growth in the size of the portfolio; (2) increased investment income of $0.3 billion primarily due to an increase in benchmark interest rates; partially offset by (3) decreased leased vehicle income of $0.5 billion primarily due to a decrease in the average balance of the leased vehicles portfolio.
gm financial ebt-adjusted in the year ended december 31, 2023, ebt-adjusted decreased primarily due to: (1) increased interest expense of $1.8 billion primarily due to an increased effective rate of interest on debt, resulting from higher benchmark interest rates, as well as an increase in average debt outstanding; (2) decreased leased vehicle income net of leased vehicle expenses of $0.9 billion primarily due to a decrease in the average balance of the leased vehicles portfolio and decreased lease termination gains due to higher leased portfolio net book values at termination and fewer terminated leases; (3) increased provision for loan losses of $0.2 billion due to lower recovery rates in 2023, as well as moderating credit performance; partially offset by (4) increased finance charge income of $1.7 billion primarily due to an increase in the effective yield resulting from higher benchmark interest rates and growth in the size of the portfolio; and (5) increased investment income of $0.3 billion primarily due to an increase in benchmark interest rates.
liquidity and capital resources we believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and other liquidity actions currently available to us are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements in the short- and long-term. we also maintain access to the capital markets and may issue debt or equity securities, which may provide an additional source of liquidity. we have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through our total available liquidity, cash flows from operating activities and additional liquidity measures, if determined to be necessary.
our known current material uses of cash include, among other possible demands: (1) capital spending and our investments in our battery cell manufacturing joint ventures of approximately $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion in 2024; (2) payments for engineering and product development activities, including investing in the development and commercialization of av technology by cruise; (3) payments associated with previously announced vehicle recalls and any other recall-related contingencies; (4) payments to service debt and other long-term obligations, including discretionary and mandatory contributions to our pension plans; (5) dividend payments on our common stock that are declared by our board of directors; and (6) payments to purchase shares of our common stock authorized by our board of directors. refer to note 7, note 13 and note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for additional funding requirements for our operating leases, debt and pension plans. our material future uses of cash, which may vary from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, are general motors company and subsidiaries focused on the three objectives of our capital allocation program: (1) grow our business at an average target roic-adjusted rate of 20% or greater; (2) maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet, including a target average automotive cash balance of $18.0 billion; and (3) after the first two objectives are met, return available cash to shareholders. our senior management evaluates our capital allocation program on an ongoing basis and recommends any modifications to the program to our board of directors not less than once annually.
we continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. these actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations, as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions and investments with joint venture partners, as well as strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. to support our transition to evs, we anticipate making investments in suppliers or providing funding towards the execution of strategic, multi-year supply agreements to secure critical materials. in addition, we have entered, and plan to continue to enter, into offtake agreements that generally obligate us to purchase defined quantities of output. these arrangements could have a short-term adverse impact on our cash and increase our inventory.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this md&a and part i, item 1a. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control.
in november 2023, our board of directors increased the capacity under our previously announced common stock repurchase program by $10.0 billion to $11.4 billion and approved a $10.0 billion asr program. on december 1, 2023, we advanced $10.0 billion under the asr program and received approximately 215 million shares of common stock with a value of $6.8 billion, which were immediately retired. the final settlement of the transactions contemplated under the asr agreements is expected to occur no later than the three months ending december 31, 2024. also, during the year ended december 31, 2023, we completed $1.1 billion of open market repurchases under the program and retired approximately 30 million shares of our common stock. we have $1.4 billion in capacity remaining under our common stock repurchase program as of december 31, 2023, with no expiration date.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we paid dividends of $0.5 billion to holders of our common stock. we anticipate that we will continue to declare and pay dividends on our common stock quarterly.
cash flows that occur amongst our automotive, cruise and gm financial operations are eliminated when we consolidate our cash flows. such eliminations include, among other things, collections by automotive on wholesale accounts receivables financed by dealers through gm financial, payments between automotive and gm financial for accounts receivables transferred by automotive to gm financial, loans to automotive and cruise from gm financial, dividends issued by gm financial to automotive, tax payments by gm financial to automotive and automotive cash injections in cruise. the presentation of automotive liquidity, cruise liquidity and gm financial liquidity presented below includes the impact of cash transactions amongst the sectors that are ultimately eliminated in consolidation.
automotive liquidity total available liquidity includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities and funds available under credit facilities. the amount of available liquidity is subject to seasonal fluctuations and includes balances held by various business units and subsidiaries worldwide that are needed to fund their operations.
we manage our liquidity primarily at our treasury centers as well as at certain of our significant consolidated overseas subsidiaries. over 85% of our cash and marketable debt securities were managed within north america and at our regional treasury centers at december 31, 2023. we have used, and will continue to use, other methods including intercompany loans to utilize these funds across our global operations as needed.
our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities balances are primarily denominated in u.s. dollars and include investments in u.s. government and agency obligations, foreign government securities, time deposits, corporate debt securities and mortgage and asset-backed securities. our investment guidelines, which we may change from time to time, prescribe certain minimum credit worthiness thresholds and limit our exposures to any particular sector, asset class, issuance or security type. the majority of our current investments in debt securities are with a/a2 or better rated issuers.
in march 2023, we redeemed our $1.5 billion, 4.875% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date of october 2023 and recorded an insignificant loss.
general motors company and subsidiaries also, in march 2023, we renewed and reduced the total borrowing capacity of our five-year, $11.2 billion facility to $10.0 billion, which now matures march 31, 2028. we also renewed and reduced the total borrowing capacity of our three-year, $4.3 billion facility to $4.1 billion, which now matures march 31, 2026, and renewed our 364-day, $2.0 billion revolving credit facility allocated for the exclusive use of gm financial, which now matures march 30, 2024.
in october 2023, we entered into a new 364-day unsecured revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of $6.0 billion, which we terminated on november 24, 2023.
in november 2023, the company entered an unsecured 364-day delayed draw term loan credit agreement that permits the company to borrow up to $3.0 billion in the form of four term loans during an availability period that ends june 28, 2024. amounts drawn and repaid may not be reborrowed and the final maturity date for any loans outstanding under the delayed draw credit agreement is november 27, 2024.
we use credit facilities as a mechanism to provide additional flexibility in managing our global liquidity. our automotive borrowing capacity under credit facilities totaled $17.1 billion at december 31, 2023, which consisted primarily of three credit facilities, and $15.5 billion at december 31, 2022, which consisted primarily of two credit facilities. total automotive borrowing capacity under our credit facilities does not include our 364-day, $2.0 billion facility allocated for exclusive use of gm financial. we did not have any borrowings against our primary facilities, but had letters of credit outstanding under our sub-facility of $0.7 billion and $0.4 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022.
if available capacity permits, gm financial continues to have access to our five-year, $10.0 billion and three-year, $4.1 billion credit facilities. gm financial did not have borrowings outstanding against any of these facilities at december 31, 2023 and 2022. we had intercompany loans from gm financial of $0.2 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022, which primarily consisted of commercial loans to dealers we consolidate. we did not have intercompany loans to gm financial at december 31, 2023 and 2022. refer to note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
several of our loan facilities, including our credit facilities, require compliance with certain financial and operational covenants as well as regular reporting to lenders. we have reviewed our covenants in effect as of december 31, 2023 and determined we are in compliance and expect to remain in compliance in the future.
gm financial's board of directors declared and paid dividends of $1.8 billion, $1.7 billion and $3.5 billion on its common stock in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. future dividends from gm financial will depend on several factors including business and economic conditions, its financial condition, earnings, liquidity requirements and leverage ratio.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table summarizes our automotive available liquidity (dollars in billions):
december 31, 2023                december 31, 2022
automotive cash and cash equivalents                                            $12.2                            $13.6
marketable debt securities                                                        7.6                             10.8
automotive cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities                 19.8                             24.4
available under credit facilities(a)                                             16.4                             15.1
total automotive available liquidity                                            $36.3                            $39.5
__________
(a) we had letters of credit outstanding under our sub-facility of $0.7 billion and $0.4 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022.
the following table summarizes the changes in our automotive available liquidity (dollars in billions):
year ended december 31, 2023
operating cash flow                                                         $20.8
capital expenditures                                                       (10.7)
asr program                                                                (10.0)
dividends paid and payments to purchase common stock                        (1.6)
payment of senior unsecured note                                            (1.5)
investment in ultium cells holdings llc                                     (0.7)
gm investment in cruise                                                     (0.5)
investment in lithium americas                                              (0.3)
other non-operating                                                         (0.1)
increase in available credit facilities                                       1.4
total change in automotive available liquidity                             $(3.2)
automotive cash flow (dollars in billions)
years ended december 31,                2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                                                     2022                      2021
operating activities net income                                                                $10.1                      $8.5                      $7.8                           $1.6
depreciation, amortization and impairment charges                           6.8                       6.3                       5.9                            0.5
pension and opeb activities                                               (1.0)                     (2.0)                     (2.4)                            1.0
working capital                                                           (0.4)                       0.5                     (4.0)                          (0.9)
accrued and other liabilities and income taxes                              4.1                       3.1                       0.9                            1.0
other(a)                                                                    1.2                       2.7                       1.5                          (1.5)
net automotive cash provided by (used in) operating activities(b)         $20.8                     $19.1                      $9.7                           $1.7
__________
(a)includes $1.8 billion, $1.7 billion and $3.5 billion in dividends received from gm financial in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, partially offset by non-cash changes in other assets and liabilities.
(b)includes $4.8 billion, $6.7 billion and $0.6 billion in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 which are eliminated within the consolidated statements of cash flows. amounts eliminated primarily relate to purchases of, and collections on, wholesale finance receivables provided by gm financial to our dealers and dividends issued by gm financial to us.
general motors company and subsidiaries years ended december 31,                                                             2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                                    2022                                             2021
investing activities capital expenditures                                                    $(10.7)                     $(9.0)                         $(7.4)                         $(1.7)
acquisitions and liquidations of marketable securities, net             3.5                         (3.9)                             1.0                            7.4
other(a)                                                                (1.5)                       (4.5)                           (1.8)                            3.0
net automotive cash provided by (used in) investing activities(b)       $(8.7)                      $(17.5)                        $(8.2)                           $8.8
__________
(a)includes $0.7 billion, $0.8 billion and $0.5 billion of gm's investment in ultium cells holdings llc in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, $0.5 billion, $2.4 billion and $1.0 billion of gm's investment in cruise in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, $0.3 billion of gm's investment in lithium americas in the year ended december 31, 2023, $2.1 billion for the purchase of cruise preferred shares from softbank vision fund (aiv m2) l.p. (softbank) in the year ended december 31, 2022 and $0.9 billion related to the sale of stellantis common shares, excluding dividends received and tax withholding, in the year ended december 31, 2022.
(b)the investments in cruise are eliminated within the consolidated statements of cash flows. the redemption of cruise preferred shares from softbank in 2022 are reclassified to financing activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows.
years ended december 31,                                                    2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                                                      2022   2021
financing activities net proceeds (payments) from short-term debt                         $(1.5)                         $(1.4)                   $(0.5)                   $(0.1)
issuance of senior notes                                             -                                 2.3                   -                         (2.3)
other(a)                                                             (12.1)                          (3.3)                   (0.4)                     (8.8)
net automotive cash provided by (used in) financing activities       $(13.6)                        $(2.5)                   $(0.9)                  $(11.1)
__________
(a)includes $10.0 billion in advances against accelerated share repurchases in the year ended december 31, 2023, $1.1 billion and $2.5 billion for payments to purchase common stock in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, $0.5 billion and $0.3 billion for dividends paid in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 and $0.5 billion for repayments of senior unsecured notes for the year ended december 31, 2021.
adjusted automotive free cash flow we measure adjusted automotive free cash flow as automotive operating cash flow from operations less capital expenditures adjusted for management actions. for the year ended december 31, 2023, net automotive cash provided by operating activities under u.s. gaap was $20.8 billion, capital expenditures were $10.7 billion and adjustments for management actions were $1.5 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2022, net automotive cash provided by operating activities under u.s. gaap was $19.1 billion, capital expenditures were $9.0 billion and adjustments for management actions were $0.4 billion. refer to the "non-gaap measures" section of this md&a for additional information.
status of credit ratings we receive ratings from four independent credit rating agencies: dbrs limited (dbrs), fitch ratings (fitch), moody's investor service (moody's) and s&p. all four credit rating agencies currently rate our corporate credit at investment grade. the following table summarizes our credit ratings at january 16, 2024:
corporate               revolving credit facilities         senior unsecured        outlook dbrs           bbb (high)              bbb (high)                          n/a                     stable fitch          bbb                     bbb                                 bbb                     stable moody's        investment grade        baa2                                baa2                    stable s&amp;p        bbb                     bbb                                 bbb                     stable general motors company and subsidiaries cruise liquidity the following table summarizes cruise's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
december 31, 2023                    december 31, 2022
cruise cash and cash equivalents             $1.3                                      $1.5
cruise marketable securities                 -                       1.4
total cruise available liquidity(a)(b)       $1.3                                      $2.9
__________
(a)excludes a multi-year credit agreement with gm financial whereby cruise can borrow, over time, up to an additional aggregate of $3.4 billion, through 2024, to fund the purchase of avs from gm and all accessories, attachments, parts and other equipment acquired in connection with or otherwise relating to any av. as of december 31, 2023, cruise had total borrowings of $0.3 billion on previously expired lines under this agreement.
(b)excludes a multi-year framework agreement with us whereby cruise can defer invoices received through june 2028, up to $0.8 billion, related to engineering and capital spending incurred by us on behalf of cruise. as of december 31, 2023, cruise deferred $0.5 billion under this agreement.
the following table summarizes the changes in cruise's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
year ended december 31, 2023
operating cash flow(a)                             $(1.9)
gm investment in cruise                            0.5
other non-operating                                (0.1)
total change in cruise available liquidity         $(1.6)
__________
(a)includes $0.2 billion cash outflows related to tendered cruise class b common shares classified as liabilities.
cruise cash flow (dollars in billions)
years ended december 31,   2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                           2022                        2021
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities               $(1.9)                   $(1.8)                      $(1.2)          $(0.1)
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities(a)              $1.3                   $-                          $(0.7)          $1.4
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities(b)              $0.4                   $1.8                        $2.6            $(1.4)
__________
(a)includes $1.4 billion of net proceeds from the liquidation of marketable securities in the year ended december 31, 2023.
(b)includes $0.5 billion, $2.4 billion and $1.0 billion in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 related to investments from gm which are eliminated within the consolidated statements of cash flows and $2.1 billion in the year ended december 31, 2022 related to the purchase of softbank's shares in cruise by automotive which is reclassified to financing activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows.
we expect the orderly pause of operations, associated restructuring actions, and cruise's refocused operational strategy will significantly reduce cruise's liquidity needs in 2024.
general motors company and subsidiaries automotive financing - gm financial liquidity gm financial's primary sources of cash are finance charge income, leasing income and proceeds from the sale of terminated leased vehicles, net distributions from credit facilities, securitizations, secured and unsecured borrowings and collections and recoveries on finance receivables. gm financial's primary uses of cash are purchases and funding of finance receivables and leased vehicles, repayment or repurchases of secured and unsecured debt, funding credit enhancement requirements in connection with securitizations and secured credit facilities, interest costs, operating expenses, income taxes and dividend payments. gm financial continues to monitor and evaluate opportunities to optimize its liquidity position and the mix of its debt between secured and unsecured debt. the following table summarizes gm financial's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
december 31, 2023                december 31, 2022
cash and cash equivalents                                                                 $5.3                             $4.0
borrowing capacity on unpledged eligible assets                                           21.9                             22.0
borrowing capacity on committed unsecured lines of credit                                  0.7                              0.5
borrowing capacity on revolving credit facility, exclusive to gm financial                 2.0                              2.0
total gm financial available liquidity                                                   $29.9                            $28.5
gm financial structures liquidity to support at least six months of gm financial's expected net cash flows, including new originations, without access to new debt financing transactions or other capital markets activity. at december 31, 2023, available liquidity exceeded gm financial's liquidity targets.
gm financial did not have any borrowings outstanding against our credit facility designated for their exclusive use or the remainder of our revolving credit facilities at december 31, 2023 and 2022. refer to the "automotive liquidity" section of this md&a for additional details.
credit facilities in the normal course of business, in addition to using its available cash, gm financial utilizes borrowings under its credit facilities, which may be secured or unsecured, and gm financial repays these borrowings as appropriate under its cash management strategy. at december 31, 2023, secured, committed unsecured and uncommitted unsecured credit facilities totaled $27.0 billion, $0.8 billion and $2.0 billion with advances outstanding of $5.0 billion, an insignificant amount and $2.0 billion.
gm financial cash flow (dollars in billions)
years ended december 31,       2023 vs. 2022 change
2023                                                                           2022                        2021
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                 $6.7                        $5.5                   $7.3                       $1.2
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities(a)           $(10.9)                     $(10.0)                   $(5.5)                   $(0.9)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities(b)              $5.7                        $4.0                   $(2.6)                     $1.7
__________
(a)includes $(3.0) billion, $(5.0) billion and $2.9 billion in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 for purchases of, and collections on, wholesale finance receivables and intercompany loans to gm which are eliminated within the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(b)includes $(1.8) billion, $(1.7) billion and $(3.5) billion in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 for dividends to gm which are eliminated within the consolidated statements of cash flows.
in the year ended december 31, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities increased primarily due to: (1) an increase in finance charge income of $1.7 billion; (2) a net increase in cash provided by counterparty derivative collateral posting activities of $1.3 billion; (3) and a decrease in taxes paid to gm of $0.6 billion; partially offset by (4) an increase in interest paid of $2.0 billion and (5) a decrease in leased vehicle income of $0.5 billion.
in the year ended december 31, 2023, net cash used in investing activities increased primarily due to: (1) an increase in purchases of leased vehicles of $1.7 billion; (2) a decrease in the proceeds from termination of leased vehicles of $1.2 billion partially offset by (3) an increase in collections and recoveries on finance receivables of $1.3 billion; (4) and a decrease in purchases and originations of finance receivables of $0.5 billion.
general motors company and subsidiaries in the year ended december 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities increased primarily due to: (1) a net increase in borrowings of $6.9 billion; partially offset by (2) an increase in debt repayments of $5.1 billion; and (3) an increase in dividend payments of $0.1 billion.
libor transition the international swaps and derivatives association launched its interbank offered rate (ibor) fallbacks supplement and ibor fallbacks protocol, which came into effect on january 25, 2021. the supplement incorporates fallbacks for new derivatives linked to libor, and the protocol enables market participants to incorporate fallbacks for certain legacy derivatives linked to libor. gm financial adhered to the protocol prior to the june 30, 2023 cessation date and has transitioned all of its libor-based derivative exposure. on march 15, 2022, congress enacted the adjustable interest rate (libor) act to address "tough legacy" contracts that lack adequate fallback provisions for determining a benchmark replacement to libor. gm financial expects to leverage the safe harbors and protections provided by the libor act and its implementing regulations to transition its limited libor exposure remaining after the cessation date.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap, which requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in the periods presented. we believe the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in developing estimates, actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future periods. refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for our significant accounting policies related to our critical accounting estimates.
product warranty and recall campaigns the estimates related to product warranties are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and average cost of claims of each vehicle line or each model year of the vehicle line and assumptions about future activity and events. when little or no claims experience exists for a model year or a vehicle line, the estimate is based on comparable models.
we accrue the costs related to product warranty at the time of vehicle sale and we accrue the estimated cost of recall campaigns when they are probable and estimable.
the estimates related to recall campaigns accrued at the time of vehicle sale are established by applying a paid loss approach that considers the number of historical recall campaigns and the estimated cost for each recall campaign. these estimates consider the nature, frequency and magnitude of historical recall campaigns, and use key assumptions including the number of historical periods and the weighting of historical data in the reserve studies. costs associated with recall campaigns not accrued at the time of vehicle sale are estimated based on the estimated cost of repairs and the estimated vehicles to be repaired. depending on part availability and time to complete repairs we may, from time to time, offer courtesy transportation at no cost to our customers. these estimates are re-evaluated on an ongoing basis and based on the best available information. revisions are made when necessary based on changes in these factors.
the estimated amount accrued for recall campaigns at the time of vehicle sale is most sensitive to the estimated number of recall events, the number of vehicles per recall event, the assumed number of vehicles that will be brought in by customers for repair (take rate) and the cost per vehicle for each recall event. the estimated cost of a recall campaign that is accrued on an individual basis is most sensitive to our estimated assumed take rate that is primarily developed based on our historical take rate experience. a 10% increase in the estimated take rate for all recall campaigns would increase the estimated cost by approximately $0.4 billion.
actual experience could differ from the amounts estimated requiring adjustments to these liabilities in future periods. due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the factors contributing to developing estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our results of operations.
sales incentives the estimated effect of sales incentives offered to dealers and end customers is recorded as a reduction of automotive net sales and revenue at the time of sale. there may be numerous types of incentives available at any particular time. incentive programs are generally specific to brand, model or sales region and are for specified time periods, which may be extended. significant factors used in estimating the cost of incentives include type of program, forecasted sales volume, product mix, and the rate of customer acceptance of incentive programs, all of which are estimated based on historical experience and assumptions concerning future customer behavior and market conditions. a change in any of these factors affecting the estimate could have a significant effect on recorded sales incentives. a 10% increase in the cost of incentives would increase the sales general motors company and subsidiaries incentive liability by approximately $0.2 billion. subsequent adjustments to incentive estimates are possible as facts and circumstances change over time, which could affect the revenue previously recognized in automotive net sales and revenue.
gm financial allowance for loan losses  the gm financial retail finance receivables portfolio consists of smaller-balance, homogeneous loans that are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for loan losses. the allowance for loan losses on retail finance receivables reflects net credit losses expected to be incurred over the remaining life of the retail finance receivables, which have a weighted-average remaining life of approximately two years. gm financial forecasts net credit losses based on relevant information about past events, current conditions and forecast economic performance. gm financial believes that the allowance is adequate to cover expected credit losses on the retail finance receivables; however, because the allowance for loan losses is based on estimates, there can be no assurance that the ultimate charge-off amount will not exceed such estimates or that our credit loss assumptions will not increase.
gm financial incorporates its outlook on forecast recovery rates and overall economic performance in its allowance estimate. each 5% relative decrease/increase in the forecast recovery rates would increase/decrease the allowance for loan losses by $0.1 billion.
at december 31, 2023, the weightings applied to the economic forecast scenarios considered resulted in an allowance for loan losses on the retail finance receivables portfolio of $2.3 billion. if the forecast economic conditions were based entirely on the weakest scenario considered, the allowance for loan losses would increase by $0.1 billion. actual economic data and recovery rates that are lower than those forecasted by gm financial could result in an increase to the allowance for loan losses.
the gm financial commercial finance receivables portfolio consists of financing products for dealers and other businesses. gm financial provides commercial lending products to its dealer customers that include floorplan financing, also known as wholesale or inventory financing, which is lending to finance vehicle inventory. gm financial also provides dealer loans, which are loans to finance improvements to dealership facilities, to provide working capital, or to purchase and/or finance dealership real estate. additionally, gm financial provides lending products to commercial vehicle upfitters and advances to certain of our subsidiaries. the allowance for loan losses on commercial finance receivables is based on historical loss experience for the consolidated portfolio, in addition to forecasted industry conditions. there can be no assurance that the ultimate charge-off amount will not exceed such estimates or that gm financial's credit loss assumptions will not increase.
valuation of gm financial equipment on operating lease assets and residuals gm financial has investments in leased vehicles recorded as operating leases. each leased asset in the portfolio represents a vehicle that gm financial owns and has leased to a customer. at the inception of a lease, an estimate is made of the expected residual value for the vehicle at the end of the lease term, which typically ranges from two to five years. gm financial estimates the expected residual value based on third-party data that considers various data points and assumptions, including, but not limited to, recent auction values, the expected future volume of returning leased vehicles, significant liquidation of rental or fleet inventory, used vehicle prices, manufacturer incentive programs and fuel prices.
during the term of a lease, gm financial periodically evaluates the estimated residual value and may adjust the value downward, which increases the prospective depreciation, or upward (limited to the contractual residual value), which decreases the prospective depreciation.
the customer is obligated to make payments during the lease term for the difference between the purchase price and the contract residual value plus a money factor. however, since the customer is not obligated to purchase the vehicle at the end of the contract, gm financial is exposed to a risk of loss to the extent the customer returns the vehicle prior to or at the end of the lease term and the proceeds gm financial receives on the disposition of the vehicle are lower than the residual value estimated at the inception of the lease. realization of the residual values is dependent on gm financial's future ability to market the vehicles under prevailing market conditions.
at december 31, 2023, the estimated residual value of gm financial's leased vehicles was $22.7 billion. depreciation reduces the carrying value of each leased asset in gm financial's operating lease portfolio over time from its original acquisition value to its expected residual value at the end of the lease term. if used vehicle prices weaken compared to estimates, gm financial would increase depreciation expense and/or record an impairment charge on the lease portfolio. if an impairment exists, gm financial would determine any shortfall in recoverability of the leased vehicle asset groups by year, make and model. recoverability is calculated as the excess of: (1) the sum of remaining lease payments plus estimated residual value; over (2) leased vehicles, net less deferred revenue. alternatively, if used vehicle prices outperform gm financial's latest estimates, it may record gains on sales of off-lease vehicles and/or decreased depreciation expense.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table illustrates the effect of a 1% relative change in the estimated residual values at december 31, 2023, which could increase or decrease depreciation expense over the remaining term of the leased vehicle portfolio, holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
impact to depreciation expense
2024                      $158
2025                        53
2026                        15
2027 and thereafter                         1
total                      $227
changes to residual values are rarely simultaneous across all maturities and segments, and also may impact return rates. if a decrease in residual values is concentrated among specific asset groups, the decrease could result in an immediate impairment charge. gm financial reviewed the leased vehicle portfolio for indicators of impairment and determined that no impairment indicators were present at december 31, 2023 or 2022.
pension and opeb plans our defined benefit pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the selection of various assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a discount rate, mortality rates of participants and expectation of mortality improvement. our pension obligations include korean statutory pension payments that are valued on a walk away basis. the expected long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets that is utilized in determining pension expense is derived from periodic studies, which include a review of asset allocation strategies, anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes, risks using standard deviations and correlations of returns among the asset classes that comprise the plans' asset mix. while the studies give appropriate consideration to recent plan performance and historical returns, the assumptions are primarily long-term, prospective rates of return.
in december 2023, an investment policy study was completed for the u.s. pension plans. as a result, the weighted-average long-term rate of roa remains unchanged at 6.3% at december 31, 2023 and 2022. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining pension expense for non-u.s. plans is determined in a similar manner to the u.s. plans.
another key assumption in determining net pension and other postretirement benefits (opeb) expense is the assumed discount rate used to discount plan obligations. we estimate the assumed discount rate for u.s. plans using a cash flow matching approach, which uses projected cash flows matched to spot rates along a high quality corporate bond yield curve to determine the weighted-average discount rate for the calculation of the present value of cash flows. we apply the individual annual yield curve rates instead of the assumed discount rate to determine the service cost and interest cost, which more specifically links the cash flows related to service cost and interest cost to bonds maturing in their year of payment.
the society of actuaries (soa) issued mortality improvement tables in the three months ended december 31, 2023. we reviewed our recent mortality experience and we determined our current mortality assumptions are appropriate to measure our u.s. pension and opeb plans obligations as of december 31, 2023.
significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the pension obligations. the effects of actual results differing from assumptions and the changing of assumptions are included in unamortized net actuarial gains and losses that are subject to amortization to pension expense over future periods. the unamortized pre-tax actuarial loss on our pension plans was $5.9 billion and $3.3 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022. the year-over-year change is primarily due to a decrease in discount rates and lower than expected asset returns.
the funded status of the u.s. pension plans deteriorated in the year ended december 31, 2023 to $2.2 billion underfunded status from $0.1 billion overfunded status primarily due to: (1) service and interest costs of $2.4 billion; (2) the unfavorable effect of a decrease in discount rates of $1.3 billion; and (3) the unfavorable effect of plan amendments of $0.8 billion; partially offset by (4) the favorable effect of actual returns on plan assets of $1.8 billion; and (5) contributions of $0.4 billion.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for the pension plans, holding all other assumptions constant:
u.s. plans(a)   non-u.s. plans(a)
effect on 2024 pension expense               effect on december 31, 2023 pbo        effect on 2024 pension expense                     effect on december 31, 2023 pbo
25 basis point decrease in discount rate                                   -$58               +$914                                  -$5                                                +$312
25 basis point increase in discount rate                                   +$53               -$872                                  +$6                                                -$299
25 basis point decrease in expected rate of roa                                  +$109               n/a                                    +$25                                               n/a
25 basis point increase in expected rate of roa                                  -$109               n/a                                    -$25                                               n/a
__________
(a)the sensitivity does not include the effects of the individual annual yield curve rates applied for the calculation of the service and interest cost.
refer to note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on pension contributions, investment strategies, assumptions, the change in benefit obligations and related plan assets, pension funding requirements and future net benefit payments. refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the inputs used to determine fair value for each significant asset class or category.
valuation of deferred tax assets  the ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. the assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted is based on an evaluation of possible sources of taxable income and also considers all available positive and negative evidence factors. our accounting for the valuation of deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. changes in our current estimates, due to unanticipated market conditions, governmental legislative actions or events, could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets.
at december 31, 2023, valuation allowances against deferred tax assets were $7.0 billion. refer to note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the composition of these valuation allowances and information on the $870 million income tax benefit resulting from the release of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets in korea.
non-gaap measures we use both gaap and non-gaap financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess company and segment business performance. our non-gaap measures include: earnings before interest and taxes (ebit)-adjusted, presented net of noncontrolling interests; earnings before income taxes (ebt)-adjusted for our gm financial segment; earnings per share (eps)-diluted-adjusted; effective tax rate-adjusted (etr-adjusted); return on invested capital-adjusted (roic-adjusted) and adjusted automotive free cash flow. our calculation of these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences between companies in the method of calculation. as a result, the use of these non-gaap measures has limitations and should not be considered superior to, in isolation from, or as a substitute for, related u.s. gaap measures.
these non-gaap measures allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance. furthermore, these non-gaap measures allow investors the opportunity to measure and monitor our performance against our externally communicated targets and evaluate the investment decisions being made by management to improve roic-adjusted. management uses these measures in its financial, investment and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. further, our board of directors uses certain of these and other measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. for these reasons, we believe these non-gaap measures are useful for our investors.
ebit-adjusted (most comparable gaap measure: net income attributable to stockholders) ebit-adjusted is presented net of noncontrolling interests and is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated operating results because it excludes automotive interest income, automotive interest expense and income taxes as well as certain additional adjustments that are not considered part of our core operations. examples of adjustments to ebit include, but are not limited to, impairment charges on long-lived assets and other exit costs resulting from strategic shifts in our operations or discrete market and business conditions, and certain costs arising from legal matters. for ebit-adjusted and our other non-
general motors company and subsidiaries gaap measures, once we have made an adjustment in the current period for an item, we will also adjust the related non-gaap measure in any future periods in which there is an impact from the item. our corresponding measure for our gm financial segment is ebt-adjusted because interest income and interest expense are part of operating results when assessing and measuring the operational and financial performance of the segment.
eps-diluted-adjusted (most comparable gaap measure: diluted earnings per common share)  eps-diluted-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated diluted eps results on a consistent basis. eps-diluted-adjusted is calculated as net income attributable to common stockholders-diluted less adjustments noted above for ebit-adjusted and certain income tax adjustments divided by weighted-average common shares outstanding-diluted. examples of income tax adjustments include the establishment or release of significant deferred tax asset valuation allowances.
etr-adjusted (most comparable gaap measure: effective tax rate)  etr-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review the consolidated effective tax rate for our core operations on a consistent basis. etr-adjusted is calculated as income tax expense less the income tax related to the adjustments noted above for ebit-adjusted and the income tax adjustments noted above for eps-diluted-adjusted divided by income before income taxes less adjustments. when we provide an expected adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide an expected effective tax rate because the u.s. gaap measure may include significant adjustments that are difficult to predict.
roic-adjusted (most comparable gaap measure: return on equity) roic-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our investment and capital allocation decisions. we define roic-adjusted as ebit-adjusted for the trailing four quarters divided by roic-adjusted average net assets, which is considered to be the average equity balances adjusted for average automotive debt and interest liabilities, exclusive of finance leases; average automotive net pension and opeb liabilities; and average automotive net income tax assets during the same period.
adjusted automotive free cash flow (most comparable gaap measure: net automotive cash provided by operating activities)  adjusted automotive free cash flow is used by management and can be used by investors to review the liquidity of our automotive operations and to measure and monitor our performance against our capital allocation program and evaluate our automotive liquidity against the substantial cash requirements of our automotive operations. we measure adjusted automotive free cash flow as automotive operating cash flow from operations less capital expenditures adjusted for management actions. management actions can include voluntary events such as discretionary contributions to employee benefit plans or nonrecurring specific events such as a closure of a facility that are considered special for ebit-adjusted purposes. refer to the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a for additional information.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table reconciles net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted:
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                 2022                        2021
net income attributable to stockholders           $10,127                      $9,934                     $10,019
income tax expense                                    563                       1,888                       2,771
automotive interest expense                           911                         987                         950
automotive interest income                        (1,109)                       (460)                       (146)
adjustments voluntary separation program(a)                     1,035                           -                           -
buick dealer strategy(b)                              569                         511                           -
cruise restructuring(c)                               478                           -                           -
gm korea wage litigation(d)                         (106)                           -                          82
india asset sales(e)                                (111)                           -                           -
cruise compensation modifications(f)                    -                       1,057                           -
russia exit(g)                                          -                         657                           -
patent royalty matters(h)                               -                       (100)                         250
gm brazil indirect tax matters(i)                       -                           -                         194
cadillac dealer strategy(j)                             -                           -                         175
total adjustments                                   1,865                       2,125                         701
ebit-adjusted                                     $12,357                     $14,474                     $14,295
__________
(a)these adjustments were excluded because they relate to the acceleration of attrition as part of the cost reduction program announced in january 2023, primarily in the u.s.
(b)these adjustments were excluded because they relate to strategic activities to transition certain buick dealers out of our dealer network as part of buick's ev strategy.
(c)these adjustments were excluded because they relate to restructuring costs resulting from cruise voluntarily pausing its driverless, supervised and manual av operations in the u.s. while it examines its processes, systems and tools. the adjustments primarily consist of non-cash restructuring charges, supplier related charges and employee separation charges.
(d)these adjustments were excluded because of the unique events associated with supreme court of the republic of korea (korea supreme court) decisions related to our salaried workers in 2021 and partial resolution of subcontractor matters in 2023.
(e)these adjustments were excluded because they relate to an asset sale resulting from our strategic decision in 2020 to exit india.
(f)this adjustment was excluded because it relates to the one-time modification of cruise stock incentive awards.
(g)this adjustment was excluded because it relates to the shutdown of our russia business including the write off of our net investment and release of accumulated translation losses into earnings.
(h)these adjustments were excluded because they relate to certain royalties accrued with respect to past-year vehicle sales in 2021 and the resolution of substantially all of these matters in 2022.
(i)this adjustment was excluded because it relates to a settlement with third parties relating to retrospective recoveries of indirect taxes in brazil realized in prior periods.
(j)this adjustment was excluded because it relates to strategic activities to transition certain cadillac dealers out of our dealer network as part of cadillac's ev strategy.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table reconciles diluted earnings per common share under u.s. gaap to eps-diluted-adjusted:
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                2022                                                 2021
amount                  per share                    amount                  per share                    amount                  per share diluted earnings per common share           $10,022                     $7.32                     $8,915                     $6.13                     $9,837                     $6.70
adjustments(a)                                1,865                      1.36                      2,125                      1.46                        701                      0.47
tax effect on adjustments(b)                  (504)                    (0.37)                      (423)                    (0.29)                      (105)                    (0.07)
tax adjustments(c)                            (870)                    (0.64)                      (482)                    (0.33)                       (51)                    (0.03)
deemed dividend adjustment(d)                     -                         -                        909                      0.63                          -                         -
eps-diluted-adjusted                        $10,513                     $7.68                    $11,044                     $7.59                    $10,382                     $7.07
__________
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details.
(b)    the tax effect of each adjustment is determined based on the tax laws and valuation allowance status of the jurisdiction to which the adjustment relates.
(c)    in the year ended december 31, 2023, the adjustment consists of tax benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets considered realizable in korea. in the year ended december 31, 2022, the adjustment consists of tax benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets considered realizable as a result of cruise tax reconsolidation. in the year ended december 31, 2021, the adjustments consist of tax benefits related to a deduction for an investment in a subsidiary and resolution of uncertainty relating to an indirect tax refund claim in brazil, partially offset by tax expense related to the establishment of a valuation allowance against cruise deferred tax assets. these adjustments were excluded because significant impacts of valuation allowances are not considered part of our core operations.
(d)    this adjustment consists of a deemed dividend related to the redemption of cruise preferred shares from softbank in the year ended december 31, 2022.
the following table reconciles our effective tax rate under u.s. gaap to etr-adjusted:
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2022                                                                                                              2021
income before income taxes                  income tax expense                  effective tax rate                income before income taxes                  income tax expense                  effective tax rate                income before income taxes                  income tax expense                  effective tax rate effective tax rate                     $10,403                                  $563                                 5.4        %                        $11,597                                $1,888                                16.3        %                        $12,716                                $2,771                                21.8        %
adjustments(a)                           1,916                                   504                                                                       2,221                                   423                                                                         726                                   105
tax adjustments(b)                                                               870                                                                                                               482                                                                                                                51
etr-adjusted                           $12,319                                $1,937                                15.7        %                        $13,818                                $2,793                                20.2        %                        $13,442                                $2,927                                21.8        %
__________
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for these adjustments is included in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. the tax effect of each adjustment is determined based on the tax laws and valuation allowance status of the jurisdiction to which the adjustment relates.
(b)    refer to the reconciliation of diluted earnings per common share under u.s. gaap to eps-diluted-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details.
we define return on equity (roe) as net income attributable to stockholders for the trailing four quarters divided by average equity for the same period. management uses average equity to provide comparable amounts in the calculation of roe. the following table summarizes the calculation of roe (dollars in billions):
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                             2022                      2021
net income attributable to stockholders           $10.1                      $9.9                     $10.0
average equity(a)                                 $72.0                     $66.6                     $56.5
roe                                                14.1   %                  14.9   %                  17.7   %
__________
(a)    includes equity of noncontrolling interests where the corresponding earnings (loss) are included in net income attributable to stockholders.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table summarizes the calculation of roic-adjusted (dollars in billions):
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                        2022                        2021
ebit-adjusted(a)                                                                           $12.4                       $14.5                       $14.3
average equity(b)                                                                          $72.0                       $66.6                       $56.5
add: average automotive debt and interest liabilities (excluding finance leases)            16.2                        17.6                        17.1
add: average automotive net pension &amp; opeb liability                                     8.1                         9.4                        15.8
less: average automotive net income tax asset                                             (21.1)                      (21.2)                      (22.2)
roic-adjusted average net assets                                                           $75.2                       $72.3                       $67.2
roic-adjusted                                                                               16.4   %                    20.0   %                    21.3   %
__________
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a.
(b)    includes equity of noncontrolling interests where the corresponding earnings (loss) are included in ebit-adjusted.
forward-looking statements  this report and the other reports filed by us with the sec from time to time, as well as statements incorporated by reference herein and related comments by our management, may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the u.s. federal securities laws. forward-looking statements are any statements other than statements of historical fact. forward-looking statements represent our current judgment about possible future events and are often identified by words like "aim," "anticipate," "appears," "approximately," "believe," "continue," "could," "designed," "effect," "estimate," "evaluate," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "initiative," "intend," "may," "objective," "outlook," "plan," "potential," "priorities," "project," "pursue," "seek," "should," "target," "when," "will," "would," or the negative of any of those words or similar expressions. in making these statements, we rely on assumptions and analysis based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. we believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any future events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially due to a variety of important factors, many of which are beyond our control. these factors, which may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports we file with the sec, include, among others, the following: (1) our ability to deliver new products, services, technologies and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer needs and preferences; (2) our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including electric vehicles, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers; (3) our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of electric vehicles that will help drive consumer adoption; (4) the success of our current line of ice vehicles, particularly our full-size suvs and full-size pickup trucks; (5) our highly competitive industry, which has been historically characterized by excess manufacturing capacity and the use of incentives, and the introduction of new and improved vehicle models by our competitors; (6) the unique technological, operational, regulatory and competitive risks related to the timing and commercialization of avs, including the various regulatory approvals and permits required for operating driverless avs in multiple markets; (7) risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of ghg emissions, our transition to electric vehicles and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events; (8) global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile; (9) inflationary pressures and persistently high prices and uncertain availability of raw materials and commodities used by us and our suppliers, and instability in logistics and related costs; (10) our business in china, which is subject to unique operational, competitive, regulatory and economic risks; (11) the success of our ongoing strategic business relationships, particularly with respect to facilitating access to raw materials necessary for the production of evs, and of our joint ventures, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit and over which we may have limited control; (12) the international scale and footprint of our operations, which exposes us to a variety of unique political, economic, competitive and regulatory risks, including the risk of changes in government leadership and laws (including labor, trade, tax and other laws), political uncertainty or instability and economic tensions between governments and changes in international trade policies, new barriers to entry and changes to or withdrawals from free trade agreements, changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, economic downturns in the countries in which we operate, differing local product preferences and product requirements, changes to and compliance with u.s. and foreign countries' export controls and economic sanctions, differing labor regulations, requirements and union relationships, differing dealer and franchise regulations and relationships, difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries, and public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness; (13) any significant disruption, including any work stoppages, at any of our manufacturing facilities; (14) the ability of our suppliers to deliver parts, systems and components without disruption and at such times to allow us to meet production schedules; (15) pandemics, epidemics, disease outbreaks and other public health crises; (16) the general motors company and subsidiaries possibility that competitors may independently develop products and services similar to ours, or that our intellectual property rights are not sufficient to prevent competitors from developing or selling those products or services; (17) our ability to manage risks related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles and in-vehicle systems; (18) our ability to comply with increasingly complex, restrictive and punitive regulations relating to our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing and security of the personal information of our customers, employees, or suppliers; (19) our ability to comply with extensive laws, regulations and policies applicable to our operations and products, including those relating to fuel economy, emissions and autonomous vehicles; (20) costs and risks associated with litigation and government investigations; (21) the costs and effect on our reputation of product safety recalls and alleged defects in products and services; (22) any additional tax expense or exposure or failure to fully realize available tax incentives; (23) our continued ability to develop captive financing capability through gm financial; and (24) any significant increase in our pension funding requirements. for a further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors.
we caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors, except where we are expressly required to do so by law.
*  *  *  *  *  *  *
