item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks. these risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us. these risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under "forward-looking statements" and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report.
14
risk factors related to our business and industry decreases in the availability and quality, or increases in the cost, of raw materials, key components and labor we use to make our products could materially reduce our earnings.
the principal raw materials that we use to produce our products include steel, copper and aluminum as well as batteries and advanced electronic components. we also source a significant number of component parts from third parties that we utilize to manufacture our products. the prices of those raw materials and components are susceptible to significant fluctuations due to trends in supply and demand, commodity prices, currencies, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, price controls, economic conditions and other unforeseen circumstances beyond our control. in fact, we have seen such trends significantly impact our business resulting in higher costs and shortages in materials, components and labor, and such impacts may continue or arise again in the foreseeable future. we typically do not have long-term supply contracts in place to ensure the raw materials and components we use are available in necessary amounts or at fixed prices. in the short term, we have been unable to fully mitigate raw material or component price increases through product design improvements, price increases to our customers, manufacturing productivity improvements, or hedging transactions, and if our mitigation efforts continue to not be fully effective in the short or long term, our profitability could be adversely affected. also, our ability to continue to obtain quality materials and components is subject to the continued reliability and viability of our suppliers, including in some cases, suppliers who are the sole source of certain important components. it has been challenging to consistently obtain adequate, cost efficient or timely deliveries of certain required raw materials and components, or sufficient labor resources, and if this trend continues, we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products on a timely basis. this could cause us to lose additional sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to our reputation.
we depend upon a small number of outside contract manufacturers and component suppliers, as well as single-source suppliers, for certain products and components, and our business and operations could be disrupted if we encounter problems with these parties.
for certain products we do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and rely upon a small number of contract manufacturers to build these products or supply these components, including but not limited to certain clean energy products or components. the timing of purchases in future periods could differ materially from our estimates due to fluctuations in demand requirements related to varying sales levels as well as changes in economic conditions. further, the revenues that our contract manufacturers generate from our orders may represent a relatively small percentage of their overall revenues. as a result, fulfilling our orders may not be considered a priority in the event of constrained ability to fulfill all of their customer obligations in a timely manner. if any of these contract manufacturers or component suppliers were unable or unwilling to manufacture or produce our products in required volumes and at high quality levels or renew existing terms under supply agreements, we would have to identify, qualify and select acceptable alternative contract manufacturers, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. our reliance on such contract manufacturers makes us vulnerable to possible capacity constraints and reduced control over component availability, delivery schedules, quality issues, manufacturing yields and costs. moreover, we single-source certain types of parts in our product designs. delays in our suppliers' deliveries have impaired, and may continue to impair, our ability to deliver products to our customers. a wide variety of factors could cause such delays including, but not limited to, lack of capacity, economic downturns, availability of credit, logistical challenges, labor or material shortages, trade restrictions, weather events, political instability, wars, terrorism, civil unrest, disease or natural disasters. if any of these suppliers reduce or eliminate the supply of the components to us in the future, our revenues, business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely impacted. although we have ongoing contractual disputes with certain such suppliers, such disputes have not to date had any significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operation.
our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if third parties claim that we are in violation of their intellectual property rights.
we consider our intellectual property rights to be important assets and seek to protect them through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing and confidentiality agreements. these protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with us, copying or reverse engineering our products, or developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. the unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. not only are intellectual property-related proceedings burdensome and costly, but they could take years to resolve, and we might not ultimately prevail. we cannot guarantee that any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. moreover, the expiration of our patents may lead to increased competition with respect to certain products. if we fail to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, or if such intellectual property and proprietary rights are infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially harmed.
in addition, we cannot be certain that we do not or will not infringe third parties' intellectual property rights. we currently are, and have previously been, subject to such third-party infringement claims, and may continue to be in the future. any such claim, even if it is believed to be without merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to defend, subject us to damages, cause us to cease making, using or selling certain products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, require us to redesign our products, divert management time and attention, and/or require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements. certain parts of our business experience significant intellectual property litigation and we have in the past and could in the future become involved in costly and lengthy litigation involving patents or other intellectual property rights which could adversely affect our business. we have recently been subject to adverse rulings or have settled claims for significant amounts related to the infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, and may continue to be subject to such claims, damage awards or settlement payments. in addition, we may not prevail in such future proceedings. an adverse outcome of any such proceeding may reduce our competitive advantage or otherwise harm our financial condition and our business or potentially impair our patents and technology intangible assets which could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements.
for further information, see note "18. commitments and contingencies".
15
we may incur costs and liabilities as a result of product liability, warranty claims, recalls, or other claims.
we face a risk of exposure to current and future product liability claims alleging to arise from the use of our products and that may purportedly result in injury or other damage. although we currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, such current insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover claims or damage awards or we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or obtain insurance that will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for long periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. a significant unsuccessful product liability defense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe our business depends on the strong brand reputation we have developed. if our reputation is damaged, we may face difficulty in maintaining our market share and pricing with respect to some of our products, which could reduce our sales and profitability. we have experienced, and may continue to experience, product liability claims or other product related claims, including higher warranty costs, which may impact our reputation and resulting sales and profitability. for example, we have and may continue to experience product liability, product quality or reliability claims, or warranty claims with respect to certain clean energy, generator, and/or chore products, including being subject to certain consumer product class action lawsuits or other governmental fines or penalties in relation to such products. in the event such product or warranty related claims continue or are significantly higher in the future, or we incur losses or other damages associated with current or future product liability lawsuits or product related claims, this may continue to adversely affect our reputation or brand quality in relation to such products, subject us to significantly increased costs or penalties, and otherwise materially harm our results of operations, financial condition and our business. even in litigation where we believe the likelihood of liability is remote, there is a risk that a negative finding or decision in a matter involving multiple plaintiffs or a purported class action could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations or financial condition.
while we do record reserves for future warranty claims, our estimated warranty accruals for previously sold products and our warranty costs for current product sales are based on assumptions using historical experience, and we do not have a long history with respect to certain products. as a result, these assumptions could prove to be materially different from the actual performance of such products, causing us to incur substantial unanticipated expenses to repair or replace defective products in the future or to compensate customers for defective products. our failure to accurately predict future claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
moreover, we have and may continue to be exposed to product recalls and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to have defects, to cause property damage, to cause injury or illness, or if we are alleged to have violated governmental regulations. a product recall could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, which would reduce operating profit and cash flow. in addition, a product recall may require significant management attention. product recalls may hurt the value of our brands and lead to decreased demand for our products. product recalls have resulted in and may continue to lead to increased scrutiny, fines or other penalties by federal, state or international regulatory agencies on our operations or business and increased litigation and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
for further information, see note "18. commitments and contingencies".
we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase programs will be fully consummated or that they will enhance long-term stockholder value. share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the market price of our stock and diminish our cash reserves.
on february 12, 2024, the company's board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program that allows for the repurchase of up to $500 million of the company's common stock over the next twenty-four months. the new program replaces the prior share repurchase program, which had approximately $26 million remaining available for repurchase when the new program was approved. although our board of directors has authorized such share repurchase program, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. such program could also diminish our cash reserves. in addition, we may discontinue, modify or suspend our share repurchase program based on several factors, including our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. any modification, suspension, or termination of our share repurchase program could cause our stock price to decline. we cannot guarantee that such program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value.
the risk of non-compliance with u.s. and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our global operations could have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition or strategic objectives.
our global operations subject us to regulation by u.s. federal and state laws and multiple foreign laws, regulations and policies. these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, have become more stringent over time and increase our cost of doing business. these laws and regulations include import and export control, environmental, health and safety regulations, data privacy requirements, international labor laws and work councils and anti- corruption and bribery laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, the u.n. convention against bribery and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials.
we are subject to the risk that we, our employees, our affiliated entities, contractors, agents or their respective officers, directors, and employees may take actions determined to be in violation of any of these laws, for which we might be held responsible, particularly as we expand our operations geographically through organic growth and acquisitions. an actual or alleged violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil or criminal penalties, debarment from government contracts, curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, competitive or reputational harm, litigation or regulatory action and other consequences that might adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or strategic objectives.
increased scrutiny regarding our esg practices could impact our reputation.
increasing governmental and societal attention to esg matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, and disclosure topics such as climate change, sustainability, natural resources, waste reduction, energy, human capital, and risk oversight could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess, and report. we strive to deliver shared value through our business and our diverse stakeholders expect us to make progress in certain esg priority issue areas. it is possible that we may be unsuccessful in the achievement of our esg goals, on a timely basis or at all, or that the costs to achieve those goals become prohibitively expensive. furthermore, our stakeholders may not be satisfied with our initiatives or efforts or the speed at which we are progressing towards any such aspirations and goals. additionally, organizations that inform investors on esg matters have developed rating systems for evaluating companies on their approach to esg. unfavorable ratings may lead to negative investor sentiment, which could negatively impact our stock price. any failure, or perceived failure, to respond to esg concerns could harm our business and reputation.
our business may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, regulators, media and other stakeholders related to our sustainability activities, including our commitments, goals, targets and objectives, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. we are subject to increasing regulatory requirements around sustainability-related disclosures, including significant anticipated rulemaking by the sec or other international governmental authorities, which may continue to evolve. complying with regulators' disclosure requirements may impose substantial additional costs and require additional resources, including with respect to third-party attestation, to enable the capture, analysis and audit of appropriate data. any actual or alleged failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in fines, penalties and civil liabilities, and damage to our reputation. furthermore, if our sustainability reporting and practices do not meet investor, regulator or other stakeholders' expectations, standards and requirements, our reputation, ability to attract or retain employees, and attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted. similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our sustainability commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental, or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to comply with reporting requirements and standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have operational, reputational, financial and legal impacts.
if we fail to develop new products or enhance existing products, or our customers do not accept the new or enhanced products we develop, our revenue and profitability could be adversely impacted.
difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new or enhanced products or failure to gain market acceptance of new or enhanced products and technologies may reduce future sales and adversely affect our competitive position. we continue to invest in the development and marketing of new or enhanced products. there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain competitive advantages or that we can recover major research and development expenses. if we fail to make innovations, launch products with quality problems or the market does not accept our new products, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. in addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully manage the transition from older products to minimize disruption in customers' ordering patterns, avoid excessive levels of older or obsolete product inventories and ensure that we can deliver sufficient supplies of new products to meet customers' demands.
16
demand for the majority of our products is significantly affected by unpredictable power outage activity that can lead to substantial variations in, and uncertainties regarding, our financial results from period to period.
sales of our products are subject to consumer buying patterns, and demand for the majority of our products is affected by power outage events caused by thunderstorms, hurricanes, ice storms, blackouts, public safety power shutoffs, and other power grid reliability issues, all of which affects our ability to accurately manage our business and forecast future results. the impact of these outage events on our sales can vary depending on the location, frequency and severity of the outages. sustained periods without major power disruptions can lead, and in the past have led, to reduced consumer awareness of the benefits of standby and portable generator products and can result and have previously resulted in reduced sales growth rates and excess inventory. there are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently that drive a baseline level of demand for back-up power solutions. the lack of major power outage events and fluctuations to the baseline levels of power outage activity are part of managing our business, and these fluctuations could have, and previously have had, an adverse effect on our net sales and profits. despite their unpredictable nature, we believe power disruptions create awareness and accelerate adoption of our home standby products.
demand for our products is significantly affected by durable goods spending by consumers and businesses, and other macroeconomic conditions.
our business is affected by general economic conditions, and uncertainty or adverse changes, such as the prolonged downturn in u.s. residential investment and the impact of more stringent credit standards and rising interest rates or inflation. these have previously led and could lead again to a decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. our sales of light-commercial and industrial generators are affected by conditions in the non-residential construction sector and by the capital investment trends for small and large businesses and municipalities. if these businesses and municipalities cannot access credit markets or do not utilize discretionary funds to purchase our products as a result of the economy or other factors, our business could suffer and our ability to realize benefits from our strategy of increasing sales in the light-commercial and industrial sectors could be adversely affected. in addition, consumer confidence and home remodeling expenditures have a significant impact on sales of our residential products, and prolonged periods of weakness in consumer durable goods spending has previously had, and could again have a material impact on our business. we currently do not have any material contracts with our customers which call for committed volume, and we cannot guarantee that our current customers will continue to purchase our products at the same level, if at all. if general economic conditions or consumer confidence were to worsen, or if the non-residential construction sector or rate of capital investments were to decline, our net sales and profits would likely be adversely affected. changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results, including increases in interest rates or sustained inflationary pressure which could negatively affect overall growth and impact sales of our products. additionally, timing of capital spending by our national account customers can vary from quarter-to-quarter based on capital availability and internal capital spending budgets. also, the availability, renewal or potential loss of renewable energy mandates and investment tax credits and other subsidies can have an impact on the demand for energy storage systems. our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. such risks or events may disrupt our supply chain and not enable us to produce products to meet customer demand.
if we do not forecast demand for our products accurately, we may experience product shortages, delays in product shipment, excess product inventory, difficulties in planning expenses or disputes with suppliers, any of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we manufacture our products based on both actual customer orders and our estimates of customer demand. this process requires us to make multiple forecasts and assumptions relating to the demand of our distributors, their end customers, general market conditions, and other macroeconomic conditions. as a result, it may be difficult to forecast future customer demand to plan our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. if we overestimate demand for our products, we may have excess inventory that we cannot sell. we may have to make significant provisions for inventory write-downs based on events that are currently not known, and such provisions or any adjustments to such provisions could be material. we may also become involved in disputes with our suppliers who may claim that we failed to fulfill forecast or minimum purchase requirements. conversely, if we underestimate demand, we may not have sufficient inventory to meet end-customer demand, and we may lose market share, damage relationships with our distributors and end customers and forgo potential revenue opportunities. obtaining additional supply in the face of product shortages may be costly or impossible, which could prevent us from fulfilling orders in a timely and cost-efficient manner or at all. in addition, if we overestimate our production requirements, our contract manufacturers may purchase excess components and build excess inventory. if our contract manufacturers, at our request, purchase excess components that are unique to our products and are unable to recoup the costs of such excess inventory through resale or return or build excess products, we could be required to pay for these excess parts or products and recognize related inventory write-downs.
the industries in which we compete are highly competitive, and our failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate in markets that are highly competitive. some of our competitors have established brands and are larger in size or are divisions of large, diversified companies which have substantially greater financial resources than we do. some of our competitors have and may continue to be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins in order to compete with us. in addition, we could face new competition from large international or domestic companies with established brands that enter our end markets. demand for our products may also be affected by our ability to respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing pressure, and to provide shorter lead times for our products than our competitors. if we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, we could lose market share, which could have an adverse impact on our results. for further information, see "item 1-business-competition".
we rely on independent dealers and distribution partners, and the loss of these dealers and distribution partners, or of any of our sales arrangements with significant private label, national, retail or equipment rental customers, would adversely affect our business.
we depend on the services of independent distributors and dealers to sell and install our products and provide service and aftermarket support to our end customers. their capacity constraints and/or inability to install and service our products, including their inability to hire, develop, or retain qualified technicians or other labor, could limit our ability to maintain and grow our sales. we also rely on our distribution channels to drive awareness for our product categories and our brands. in addition, we sell our products to end users through private label arrangements with leading home equipment, electrical equipment and construction machinery companies; arrangements with top retailers and equipment rental companies; and our direct national accounts with telecommunications and other industrial customers. our distribution agreements and any contracts we have with large national, retail and other customers are typically not exclusive, and many of the distributors with whom we do business also offer competitors' products and services.
impairment of our relationships with our distributors, dealers or large customers, loss of a substantial number of these distributors or dealers or of one or more large customers, or an increase in our distributors' or dealers' sales of our competitors' products to our customers or of our large customers' purchases of our competitors' products could materially reduce our sales and profits. for example, we have had, and may continue to have, disputes with one or more customers, distributors or dealers to whom we sell our products, including clean energy products, and this may reduce or limit the sales growth for such products. additionally, our ability to successfully realize our growth strategy is dependent in part on our ability to identify, attract and retain new distributors at all layers of our distribution platform, including increasing the number of energy storage distributors, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in these efforts. for further information, see "item 1-business-distribution channels and customers".
we are unable to determine the specific impact of changes in selling prices or changes in volumes or mix of our products on our net sales.
because of the wide range of products that we sell, the level of customization for many of our products, the frequent rollout of new products, the different accounting systems utilized, and the fact that we do not apply pricing changes uniformly across our entire portfolio of products, we are unable to determine with specificity the effect of volume or mix changes or changes in selling prices on our net sales.
risk factors related to our operations the loss of any key members of our senior management team or key employees could disrupt our operations and harm our business.
our success depends, in part, on the efforts of certain key individuals, including the members of our senior management team, who have significant experience in the energy products and solutions industry. if, for any reason, our senior executives do not continue to be active in management, or if key employees leave our company, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. failure to continue to attract or retain these individuals at reasonable compensation levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and results of operations. if we need to replace any of these individuals in the near future, the loss of their services could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business if we do not have effective succession plans in place.
disruptions caused by labor disputes or organized labor activities could harm our business.
we may from time to time experience union organizing activities in our non-union facilities. disputes with the current labor union or new union organizing activities could lead to work slowdowns or stoppages and make it difficult or impossible for us to meet scheduled delivery times for product shipments to our customers, which could result in loss of business. in addition, union activity could result in higher labor costs, which could harm our financial condition, results of operations and competitive position. a work stoppage or limitations on production at our facilities for any reason could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, many of our suppliers have unionized work forces. strikes or work stoppages experienced by our customers or suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business and operations can be adversely affected by our ability to attract, motivate, develop, and retain our employees.
we are committed to attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining our employees to ensure we remain an employer of choice. despite our efforts, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, depending upon external market conditions, higher employee turnover and absenteeism. furthermore, the competition for skilled personnel is often very competitive in markets where our facilities are located. increased turnover rates within our employee base, perceived or actual deficiencies in total compensation paid to our employees in relation to competing employers, or as a result of general macroeconomic factors or otherwise, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and potentially further increase salaries and wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing facilities and overall business. if we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high level, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
17
we may experience material disruptions to our manufacturing operations.
while we seek to operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities, a material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial results. any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our equipment within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:
●   equipment or information technology infrastructure failure;

●   disruptions in the transportation infrastructure including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and container ports;

●   fires, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, disease, pandemics, acts of violence, or other catastrophes; and

●   other operational problems.

in addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing and production facilities are in wisconsin within a 100-mile radius of each other. we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to unforeseen events occurring in or around our manufacturing facilities in wisconsin. in the event of a business interruption at our facilities, in particular our wisconsin facilities, we may be unable to shift manufacturing capabilities to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers or meet customer shipment needs, among other severe consequences. such an event could have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of our operations.
changes in u.s. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our business benefits from free trade agreements, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. the u.s. government has made changes in u.s. trade policy over the past several years. these changes include renegotiating and terminating certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements, such as the u.s.-mexico-canada agreement, and initiating tariffs on certain foreign goods from a variety of countries and regions, most notably china. these changes in u.s. trade policy have resulted in, and may continue to result in, one or more foreign governments adopting responsive trade policies that make it more difficult or costly for us to do business in or import our products or components from those countries. the sales, gross margins, and profitability for each of our segments could be directly impacted by changes in tariffs and trade agreements.
in addition, certain of our products or key components or raw materials have and may continue to be subject to the imposition of higher duties as a result of anti-dumping and countervailing duties applied against them. to the extent such governmental actions, duties or tariffs are applied to such products, it could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and business.
we cannot predict the extent to which the u.s. or other countries will impose new or additional quotas, duties, tariffs, duties, taxes or other similar restrictions upon the import or export of our products in the future, nor can we predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business. the continuing adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the u.s. economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, or realignments, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. we may also encounter significant unexpected difficulties in integrating acquired businesses.
we regularly execute organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, and realignments to support our growth and management strategies. if we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings, as well as our results of operations and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the acquired businesses with our business. the integration of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. further, integrating and managing businesses with international operations may pose challenges not previously experienced by our management. as a result, we may be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of any acquired businesses with ours. the integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, could preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us. our failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating an acquired business into our existing operations or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities and could adversely affect our results of operations.
as part of undertaking an acquisition, we may also significantly revise our capital structure or operational budget, such as issuing common stock that would dilute the ownership percentage of our stockholders, assuming liabilities or debt, utilizing a substantial portion of our cash resources to pay for the acquisition or significantly increasing operating expenses. our acquisitions have resulted and may in the future result in charges being taken in an individual quarter as well as future periods, which results in variability in our quarterly earnings. in addition, our effective tax rate in any particular quarter may also be impacted by acquisitions. following the closing of an acquisition, we may also have disputes with the seller regarding contractual requirements and covenants, purchase price adjustments, contingent payments or for indemnifiable losses. any such disputes may be time consuming and distract management from other aspects of our business. as part of the terms of an acquisition, we may commit to pay additional contingent consideration if certain revenue or other performance milestones are achieved. we are required to evaluate the fair value of such commitments at each reporting date and adjust the amount recorded if there are changes to the fair value.
in addition, the overall integration of our acquired businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer relationships, and diversion of management's attention, and may cause our stock price to decline. the difficulties of combining the operations of acquired businesses with ours include, among others:
●   managing a larger company;

●   maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;

●   complying with newly applicable domestic and foreign regulations as we enter new product and geographic markets;

●   integrating two business cultures, which may prove to be incompatible;

●   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;

●   retaining existing customers and attracting new customers;

●   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;

●   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of management's attention to the acquisition;

●   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;

●   complying with, or the failure to comply with, changes in applicable, new, or existing laws and regulations;

●   managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations or supply chain of the combined company;

●   unforeseen liabilities, expenses or delays associated with the acquisition;

●   difficulty comparing financial reports due to differing financial and/or internal reporting systems; and

●   making any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

many of these factors may be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, even if the operations of our acquired businesses are integrated successfully with our operations, we may not realize the full benefits of the transaction, including the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration or management of our businesses. all these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per share, decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisition, and cause a decrease in the price of our common stock. as a result, we cannot be assured that the combination of our acquisitions with our business will result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the transaction.
18
a significant portion of our purchased components are sourced in foreign countries, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the united states.
we source a significant portion of our purchased components overseas, primarily in asia and europe. our international sourcing subjects us to a number of potential risks in addition to the risks associated with third-party sourcing generally. such risks include:
●                      inflation or changes in political and economic conditions;

●   logistical challenges, including extended container port congestion, and higher logistics costs;
●   unstable regulatory environments;
●   changes in import and export duties;
●   domestic and foreign customs and tariffs;
●   currency rate fluctuations;
●   trade restrictions;
●   labor or civil unrest;
●   disputes in our relationships with certain contract manufacturers or suppliers;
●   communications challenges; and
●   other restraints and burdensome taxes.
these factors have had in the past and are currently having an adverse effect on our ability to efficiently and cost effectively source our purchased components overseas. additionally, if the u.s. dollar were to depreciate significantly against the currencies in which we purchase raw materials from foreign suppliers, our cost of goods sold could increase materially, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
risk factors related to legal and regulatory matters we are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our business, financial statements or on our results of operations.
we are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities), including claims for damages arising out of the use of products or services and claims relating to product design, safety, manufacture and performance liability, contracts, commercial disputes, competition, sales and trading practices, employment issues, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, tax, securities, regulatory compliance, personal injury, insurance coverage, and acquisition-related matters, as well as other legal proceedings that arise in and outside of the ordinary course of our business. these matters may include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages and/or injunctive relief. the defense of these matters may divert our management's attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending such matters, and we may be required to pay fines, penalties, damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our operations and financial statements.
the industries in which we operate are also periodically reviewed or investigated by regulators, and we are subject to and may continue to be subject to such investigations and claims, including by the u.s. department of justice (doj), cpsc and epa, which could lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims. the company is cooperating with such governmental inquiries, it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of such claims, or any other current or future claims, investigations and lawsuits, and we could in the future incur judgments, fines or penalties or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition in any particular period.
additionally, the nature of our operations means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, may arise from time to time. in addition, subsequent developments in legal proceedings or investigations may affect our assessment and estimates of loss contingencies recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition.
moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. in addition, developments in proceedings in any given period may require us to adjust the loss contingency estimates that we have recorded in our financial statements, record estimates for liabilities or assets previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates or pay cash settlements or judgments. any of these developments could adversely affect our financial statements in any particular period. we cannot assure our liabilities in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements and reputation.
while we maintain insurance coverage in amounts that we believe are reasonable, we cannot assure we will be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms or that this insurance will provide sufficient coverage against potential liabilities that may arise. any product liability claim may also include the imposition of punitive damages, the award of which may not be covered by insurance. any claims brought against us, with or without merit, may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations as a result of potential adverse outcomes, the expenses associated with defending such claims, the diversion of our management's resources and time and the potential adverse effect to our business reputation.
for further information, see note "18. commitments and contingencies".
our operations are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and non-compliance with or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines, sanctions and claims.
our operations are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations including those governing, among other things, emissions to air; discharges to water; noise; and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials. in addition, under federal and state environmental laws, we could be required to investigate, remediate and/or monitor the effects of the release or disposal of materials both at sites associated with past and present operations and at third-party sites where wastes generated by our operations were disposed. this liability may be imposed retroactively and whether or not we caused, or had any knowledge of, the existence of these materials and may result in our paying more than our fair share of the related costs. violations of or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines and civil or criminal proceedings or personal injury and workers' compensation claims.
our products are subject to substantial government regulation.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing, among other things, emissions, noise, labeling, transport, product content, product safety, and data privacy, including standards imposed by the epa, carb, cpsc and other regulatory agencies around the world. also, as we increase our connectivity with our products and customers, we may be required to comply with additional data privacy and cybersecurity regulations. for example, personal privacy and data security have become significant issues in the united states, europe, and in many other jurisdictions in which we operate. the regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. in the united states, these include rules and regulations promulgated or pending under the authority of federal agencies, state attorneys general, legislatures, and consumer protection agencies. internationally, many jurisdictions in which we operate have established their own data security and privacy legal framework with which we, relevant suppliers, and customers must comply. although we have implemented certain policies, procedures, and, in other cases, contractual arrangements designed to facilitate compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws and standards, any challenges or perceived inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, regulations, and policies, could result in additional fines, costs, and liabilities to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and adversely affect our business.
these laws are constantly evolving and many are becoming increasingly stringent. as a further example, recent carb regulations that will prohibit future sales in california of certain small off-road engines may negatively affect the long-term sales of certain products we sell today in that state. in addition, some cities or municipalities have imposed, or are considering, limiting natural gas connections to new buildings or imposing additional permitting restrictions which could adversely affect the sales of certain products we sell in such jurisdictions. changes in applicable laws or regulations, or in the enforcement thereof, could require us to redesign or recall our products and could adversely affect our business or financial condition in the future. developing and marketing products to meet such new requirements could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in some markets. in some cases, we may be required to modify our products or develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions and carbon monoxide. typically, additional costs associated with significant compliance modifications are passed on to the market.
the failure to comply with existing and future regulatory standards or requirements could adversely affect our position in the markets we serve, our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition in any particular period.
19
risk factors related to cybersecurity failures or security breaches of our networks or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our business.
we rely heavily on information technology (it) both in our products and services for customers and in our it systems used to run our business. further, we collect and store sensitive information in cloud-based data centers and on our networks. government agencies and security experts have warned about growing risks of hackers, cyber-criminals, malicious insiders and other actors targeting confidential information and all types of it systems. these actors may engage in fraudulent activities, theft of confidential or proprietary information and sabotage or ransomware.
our it systems, our connected products, and our confidential information may be vulnerable to damage or intrusion from a variety of attacks including computer viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. the risk of such attacks may increase as we integrate newly acquired companies or develop new connected products and related software. these attacks pose a risk to the security of our products, private data, systems and networks and those of our customers, suppliers and third-party service providers, as well as to the confidentiality of our information and the integrity and availability of our data. while we attempt to mitigate these risks through board oversight, hiring additional internal cyber-security professionals to manage these risks, enhancing controls, due diligence, employee training and communication, third party intrusion testing, system hardening, email and web filters, regular patching, multi-factor authentication, surveillance, encryption, and other measures, we remain vulnerable to information security threats.
we monitor certain cyber security threats and vulnerabilities in our systems, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our it systems and networks. such prior events, to date, have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. despite the precautions we take, we have had, and could have again, an intrusion or infection of our systems or connected products. while such intrusions or infections to date have not resulted in the significant disruption of our business, or a loss of proprietary or confidential information, we cannot guarantee the same for future intrusions or infections. similarly, an attack on our it systems or connected products could result in theft or disclosure of trade secrets or other intellectual property, a breach of confidential customer or employee information, or product failure or misuse. any such events could have an adverse impact on sales, harm our reputation and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns. as the threats evolve and become more potent, we may incur additional costs to secure the products that we sell, as well as our data and infrastructure of networks and devices.
see "item 1c. cybersecurity" for additional information related to cybersecurity risks.
risk factors related to our capital structure we have indebtedness which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to make payments on our indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2023 we had total indebtedness of $1,575.2 million. our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. while we maintain interest rate swaps covering a portion of our outstanding debt, our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because debt under our credit facilities bears interest at a variable rate based on secured overnight financing rate (sofr) or other base rate. in connection with our credit agreement amendment in june 2022, sofr became the new benchmark interest rate for the new tranche a term loan facility and the revolving facility, and all libor provisions applicable to the existing tranche b term loan facility were replaced with sofr provisions. if we do not have sufficient earnings to service our debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell securities, none of which we can guarantee we will be able to do. our term loan b matures on december 13, 2026, and our term loan a as well as our revolving facility mature on june 29, 2027.
the terms of our credit facilities restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take certain actions.
our credit facilities contain, and any future indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, including limitations on our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best long-term interests. these restrictions set limitations on, among other things, our ability to:
●   incur liens;

●   incur or assume additional debt or guarantees or issue preferred stock;

●   pay dividends, or make redemptions and repurchases, with respect to capital stock;

●   prepay, or make redemptions and repurchases of, subordinated debt;

●   make loans and investments;

●   make capital expenditures;

●   engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset sales, sale/leaseback transactions and transactions with affiliates;

●   change the business conducted by us or our subsidiaries; and

●   amend the terms of subordinated debt.

the operating and financial restrictions in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. a breach of any of the restrictive covenants in our credit facilities would result in a default. if any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit facilities may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, or enforce their security interest, any of which would result in an event of default. the lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings.
20
we may need additional capital to finance our growth strategy or to refinance our existing credit facilities, and we may not be able to obtain it on acceptable terms, or at all, which may limit our ability to grow.
we may require additional financing to expand our business. financing may not be available to us or may be available to us only on terms that are not favorable. the terms of our senior secured credit facilities limit our ability to incur additional debt. in addition, economic conditions, including a downturn in the credit markets, could impact our ability to finance our growth on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to raise additional funds or obtain capital on acceptable terms, we may have to delay, modify or abandon some or all of our growth strategies. in the future, if we are unable to refinance our credit facilities on acceptable terms, our liquidity could be adversely affected.
our total assets include a substantial amount of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles. if we determine these have become impaired, our net income could be materially adversely affected.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. indefinite-lived intangibles are comprised of certain tradenames. at december 31, 2023, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles totaled $1,560.7 million. we review goodwill and other intangibles at least annually for impairment and any excess in carrying value over the estimated fair value is charged to the statement of comprehensive income. future impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of an acquired business or product line, adverse market conditions, a significant increase in interest rate, changes in the competitive landscape, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of an acquired business or product line, and a variety of other circumstances including any of the risk factors noted above. a reduction in net income resulting from the write-down or impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. refer to the critical accounting policies and estimates in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information regarding our process for evaluating goodwill for impairment.
general risk factors the market price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance.
the market price of our common stock has been and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the other risk factors described herein, and other factors beyond our control, such as quarterly variations in operating results, announcements of technology innovations or new products by us or our competitors, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, the operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable to us, and news reports relating to trends in our markets or general economic conditions. these fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. these broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
we have experienced and may continue to see volatility in the market price of our stock price. as a result, we have been subject to securities class action litigation and may continue to be the target of this type of litigation in the future. securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
for further information, see note "18. commitments and contingencies".
our business is subject to potential tax liabilities.
we are subject to income tax, indirect tax or other tax claims by tax agencies in jurisdictions in which we conduct business. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate income tax, indirect tax, or other tax determination is uncertain. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot be certain that the final determination of our tax audits and litigation will not be materially different from that which is reflected in historical tax provisions and accruals. should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit, assessment or litigation, there could be a material adverse effect on our cash, tax provisions and net income in the period or periods for which that determination is made.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with "item 1 - business," the consolidated financial statements, and the related notes thereto in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and related to future events and our future financial performance, that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under "item 1a. - risk factors."
overview generac is a leading energy technology solutions company that provides backup and prime power generation systems for residential and c&i applications, solar + battery storage solutions, smart home energy management devices and energy services, advanced power grid software platforms, and engine- & battery-powered tools and equipment. as an energy technology solutions company that is "powering a smarter world", our corporate purpose is to lead the evolution to more resilient, efficient, and sustainable energy solutions around the world.
further information regarding our business is provided in "part i, item 1. business" of this annual report.
business drivers and operational factors
"part i, item 1. business" of this annual report contains information regarding business drivers, including key mega-trends and strategic growth themes under the subheading "mega-trends, strategic growth themes, and additional business drivers."
factors affecting results of operations we are subject to various factors that can affect our results of operations, which we attempt to mitigate through factors we can control, including continued product development, expanded distribution, pricing, cost control, and hedging. certain operational and other factors that affect our business include the following:
effect of commodity, currency, component price fluctuations, and resource availability.    industry-wide price fluctuations of key commodities, such as steel, copper and aluminum, along with other components we use in our products, as well as changes in labor costs required to produce our products, can have a material impact on our results of operations. acquisitions in recent years have increased our use of advanced electronic components and battery cells, as well as further expanded our commercial and operational presence outside of the united states. our international acquisitions, along with our existing global supply chain, expose us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and regulatory tariffs that can also have a material impact on our results of operations.
we have historically attempted to mitigate the impact of any inflationary pressures through improved product design and sourcing, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases, and select hedging transactions. we have implemented multiple price increases over the past couple of years to help mitigate the impact of rising costs, and we continued to realize the benefit of these pricing actions in 2023. our results are also influenced by changes in fuel prices in the form of freight rates, which in some cases are accepted by our customers and in other cases are paid by us.
24
seasonality.    although there is demand for our products throughout the year, in each of the past five years, approximately 19% to 25% of our net sales occurred in the first quarter, 22% to 28% in the second quarter, 24% to 28% in the third quarter and 23% to 31% in the fourth quarter, with different seasonality depending primarily on the occurrence, timing and severity of major power outage activity in each year. major outage activity is unpredictable by nature and, as a result, our sales levels and profitability may fluctuate from period to period. the seasonality experienced during a major power outage, and for the subsequent quarters following the event, will vary relative to other periods where no major outage events occurred.
russia-ukraine conflict.  in february 2022, russia commenced military action against ukraine. in response, the u.s. and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions and export controls against russia, belarus and certain individuals and entities connected to russian or belarusian political, business, and financial organizations. in march 2022, we announced our suspension of operations and sales in russia. however, the situation remains uncertain, and it is difficult to predict the impact that the conflict and actions taken in response to the conflict will have on our business. in particular, the situation could increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, significantly hinder our ability to find materials or key single-sourced components we need to make certain products, or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations.
factors influencing interest expense.    interest expense can be impacted by a variety of factors, including market fluctuations in sofr, interest rate election periods, interest rate swap agreements, repayments or borrowings of indebtedness, and amendments to our credit agreements. in connection with our credit agreement amendment in june 2022, sofr became the new benchmark interest rate for the new tranche a term loan facility and the revolving facility, and all libor provisions in the existing tranche b term loan facility were replaced with sofr provisions. interest expense increased during 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to increased borrowings and higher interest rates. refer to note 12, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
factors influencing provision for income taxes and cash income taxes paid.  as of december 31, 2021, the tax-deductible goodwill and intangible assets from our acquisition by ccmp capital advisors, llc in 2006 were fully amortized. the expiration of this significant tax shield resulted in a higher cash income tax obligation in 2022 and will continue to result in a higher income tax obligation on a go-forward basis.
on august 16, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the inflation reduction act (the act). the act in part provides funding and tax incentives for certain clean energy products and projects. while the act did not have a material impact on our results, we will continue to review the act and any regulations or guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department or by a state which may provide a tax benefit or expense. we will update our future tax provisions based on new regulations or guidance accordingly.
in 2021, the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) released pillar two global anti-base erosion model rules, designed to ensure large corporations are taxed at a minimum rate of 15% in all countries of operation. the oecd continues to release guidance and countries are implementing legislation to adopt the rules, some of which are effective on january 1, 2024. the united states has not yet enacted legislation implementing pillar two. we are continuing to evaluate the pillar two rules and their potential impact on future periods, but we do not expect the rules to have a material impact on our effective tax rate.
components of net sales and expenses net sales our net sales primarily consist of product sales to our customers. this includes sales of our power generation equipment, energy storage systems, and other power products to the residential, commercial and industrial markets, as well as service parts to our dealer network. net sales also include shipping and handling charges billed to customers, with the related freight costs included in cost of goods sold. additionally, we offer other services, including extended warranties, installation, maintenance, data center and telecom design and build, remote monitoring, and grid services to utilities in certain circumstances. these services accounted for less than 4% of our net sales for the year ended december 31, 2023. refer to note 2, "summary of accounting policies - revenue recognition," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our revenue streams and related revenue recognition accounting policies.
we are not dependent on any one channel or customer for our net sales, with no single customer representing more than 4% of our sales, and our top ten customers representing less than 21% of our net sales in aggregate for the year ended december 31, 2023.
costs of goods sold the principal elements of costs of goods sold are component parts, raw materials, inbound and outbound freight, factory overhead and labor. component parts and raw materials comprised approximately 69% of costs of goods sold for the year ended december 31, 2023. the principal component parts are engines, alternators, batteries, electronic controls, and steel enclosures. we design and manufacture air-cooled engines for certain of our generators up to 26kw, along with certain liquid-cooled, natural gas engines. we source engines for certain of our smaller products and all of our diesel products. for certain natural gas engines, we source the base engine block, and then add a significant amount of value engineering, sub-systems and other content to the point that we are recognized as the original equipment manufacturer (oem) of those engines. we design and manufacture many of the alternators for our generators. we also manufacture other generator components where we believe we have a design and cost advantage. we source component parts from an extensive global network of reliable, high-quality suppliers. in some cases, these relationships are proprietary. for certain energy technology products, we source these products complete from certain contract manufacturers using our designs.
the principal sourced raw materials used in the manufacturing process are steel, copper and aluminum. we are susceptible to fluctuations in the cost of these commodities, impacting our costs of goods sold. we seek to mitigate the impact of commodity prices on our business through a continued focus on global sourcing, product design improvements, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases and select hedging transactions. we are also impacted by foreign currency fluctuations given our global supply chain. there is typically a lag between raw material price fluctuations and their effect on our costs of goods sold.
we have historically attempted to mitigate the impact of any inflationary pressures through improved product design and sourcing, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases, and select hedging transactions. we have implemented multiple price increases over the past couple of years to help mitigate the impact of rising costs, and we continued to realize the benefit of these pricing actions in 2023. our results are also influenced by changes in fuel prices in the form of freight rates, which in some cases are accepted by our customers and in other cases are paid by us.
the balance of cost of goods sold include our manufacturing and warehousing facilities, factory overhead, labor and shipping costs. factory overhead includes utilities, insurance, support personnel, depreciation, general supplies, and maintenance. although we attempt to maintain a flexible manufacturing cost structure, our margins can be impacted if we cannot timely adjust labor and manufacturing costs to match fluctuations in net sales.
operating expenses our operating expenses consist of costs incurred to support our sales, marketing, distribution, service parts, warranty, engineering, information systems, human resources, accounting, finance, risk management, legal and tax functions, among others. these expenses include, among others, personnel costs such as salaries, bonuses, employee benefit costs, payroll taxes, and share-based compensation cost, and are classified into three categories: selling and service, research and development, and general and administrative. additionally, the amortization expense related to our finite-lived intangible assets is included within operating expenses.
25
selling and service.    our selling and service expenses consist primarily of personnel expense, marketing expense, standard assurance warranty expense, bad debt provisions, and other sales expenses. our personnel expense recorded in selling and services expenses includes the expense of our sales force and other personnel involved in the marketing, sales and service of our products. standard warranty expense is estimated based on historical trends or based on specific warranty matters as they become known and reasonably estimable. our marketing expenses include media advertising, promotional expenses, co-op advertising costs, direct mail costs, printed material costs, product display costs, market research expenses, and trade show expenses. marketing expenses are generally related to the launch of new product offerings, opportunities to create market awareness for our products, and general brand awareness marketing efforts. our marketing campaigns are an important source for lead generation.
research and development.    our research and development expenses include mechanical engineering, electronics engineering, and software development costs and they support numerous projects covering all of our product lines. they also support our connectivity, grid services, remote monitoring, and energy management initiatives. we operate engineering facilities with extensive capabilities at many locations globally and employ approximately 1,100 personnel with focus on new product development, existing product improvement and cost containment. we are committed to research and development and rely on a combination of patents and trademarks to establish and protect our proprietary rights. our research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
general and administrative.    our general and administrative expenses include personnel costs for general and administrative employees; accounting, legal and professional services fees; information technology costs; insurance; travel and entertainment expense; adjustments to contingent acquisition consideration; share-based compensation costs; and other corporate expenses.
acquisition related costs.    acquisition related costs are external costs incurred in connection with a business combination including legal fees, professional and advisory services, stamp tax, and indemnity and warranty insurance premiums.
amortization of intangibles.    our amortization of intangibles expense includes the straight-line amortization of finite-lived tradenames, customer lists, patents and technology, and other intangibles assets.
other (expense) income other (expense) income includes the interest expense on our outstanding borrowings, amortization of debt financing costs and original issue discount, credit facility commitment fees, and interest accretion on contingent acquisition consideration. other (expense) income also includes other financial items such as losses on extinguishment of debt, investment income earned on our cash and cash equivalents, and gains/losses on the sale of certain investments.
results of operations a detailed discussion of the year-over-year changes from the company's fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2022 can be found in the management's discussion and analysis section of the company's fiscal 2022 annual report on form 10-k filed february 22, 2023.
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
the following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                           2023                          2022                          $ change                  % change net sales                                                        $4,022,667                      $4,564,737       $(542,070         )          -11.9   %
cost of goods sold                                                2,657,236                       3,042,733              (385,497   )          -12.7   %
gross profit                                                      1,365,431                       1,522,004              (156,573   )          -10.3   %
operating expenses:
selling and service                                                 448,199                         496,260               (48,061   )           -9.7   %
research and development                                            173,443                         159,774                13,669                8.6   %
general and administrative                                          252,936                         194,861                58,075               29.8   %
acquisition related costs                                               460                           1,459                  (999   )          -68.5   %
amortization of intangible assets                                   104,194                         103,320       874                            0.8   %
total operating expenses                                            979,232                         955,674                23,558                2.5   %
income from operations                                              386,199                         566,330              (180,131   )          -31.8   %
total other expense, net                                            (95,899     )                   (57,864   )           (38,035   )          -65.7   %
income before provision for income taxes                            290,300                         508,466              (218,166   )          -42.9   %
provision for income taxes                                           73,180                          99,596               (26,416   )          -26.5   %
net income                                                          217,120                         408,870              (191,750   )          -46.9   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                   2,514                           9,368                (6,854   )          -73.2   %
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                   $214,606                        $399,502       $(184,896         )          -46.3   %
26
the following sets forth our reportable segment information for the periods indicated:
net sales by reportable segment

year ended december 31,
(u.s. dollars in thousands)   2023                          2022                      $ change            % change domestic                               $3,276,324                        $3,867,866   $(591,542       )          -15.3   %
international                             746,343                           696,871          49,472       7.1            %
total net sales                        $4,022,667                        $4,564,737   $(542,070       )          -11.9   %
total sales by reportable segment

year ended december 31, 2023                                                                   year ended december 31, 2022
external net sales                intersegment sales                total sales                external net sales                intersegment sales                total sales domestic                   $3,276,324                        $43,937                           $3,320,261                 $3,867,866                        $60,731                           $3,928,597
international                          746,343                           91,552                         837,895                       696,871                           93,699                         790,570
intercompany elimination               -                                 (135,489    )                 (135,489   )                   -                                 (154,430    )                 (154,430   )
total net sales            $4,022,667                        $-                                $4,022,667                 $4,564,737                        $-                                $4,564,737
adjusted ebitda by reportable segment

year ended december 31,
2023                            2022                        $ change           % change domestic                            $523,337                             $716,302   $(192,965      )          -26.9   %
international                        114,522                              109,065          5,457       5.0            %
total adjusted ebitda               $637,859                             $825,367   $(187,508      )          -22.7   %
the following table sets forth our net sales by product class for the periods indicated:
net sales by product class

year ended december 31,
(u.s. dollars in thousands)            2023                           2022                       $ change                 % change residential products                              $2,062,929                        $2,911,871   $(848,942        )          -29.2   %
commercial &amp; industrial products               1,494,799                         1,260,737          234,062               18.6   %
other                                                464,939                           392,129          72,810                18.6   %
total net sales                                   $4,022,667                        $4,564,737   $(542,070        )          -11.9   %
net sales. the decrease in domestic segment sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily driven by a decline in residential product sales, most notably in home standby generator, portable generator, and clean energy product shipments. home standby generator sales for the year were impacted by elevated levels of field inventory together with strong prior year comparisons. the decline in residential product sales was partially offset by robust growth of c&i product sales for the full year, primarily driven by shipments to industrial distributors and to certain direct customers for "beyond standby" applications.
the increase in international segment sales for the year ended december 31, 2023 was primarily driven by c&i growth in nearly all regions around the world, partially offset by weaker portable generator sales in europe.
in addition, total net sales from non-annualized acquisitions for the year ended  december 31, 2023  were $65.4 million, including $56.8 million for the domestic segment and $8.6 million for the international segment.
gross profit. gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2023 was 33.9% compared to 33.3% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the gross profit margin increase was primarily driven by favorable pricing actions and cost benefits resulting from lower raw material and logistics costs, as well as improved production efficiencies. these benefits were partially offset by the impact of unfavorable sales mix primarily due to lower shipments of home standby generators.
operating expenses. operating expenses increased $23.6 million, or 2.5%, as compared to the prior year. the 2023 operating expenses included a $5.8 million provision for a regulatory matter with the cpsc, $28.3 million of legal charges related to patent and other litigation (see note 18, "commitments and contingencies" for additional information), $4.4 million of additional customer support costs related to a clean energy product customer that filed for bankruptcy, and an increase in employee and marketing costs. the operating expenses in 2022 included a $37.3 million provision for clean energy product warranty-related matters, a $17.9 million provision for bad debt related to a clean energy product customer that filed for bankruptcy referenced above, as well as a $10.0 million provision for a regulatory matter with the cpsc.
other expense.  the increase in other expense, net in 2023 was driven primarily by higher interest costs due to higher borrowing levels and interest rates compared to the prior year.
provision for income taxes. the effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were 25.2% and 19.6%, respectively. the increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to significantly lower benefit from equity compensation in the current year, coupled with discrete tax benefits in the prior year.
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.  net income attributable to generac holdings inc. was $214.6 million as compared to $399.5 million in the prior year period. the decrease was primarily driven by lower net sales and other items noted above.
adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda is defined and reconciled to net income in, "non-gaap measures - adjusted ebitda" included below in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k. adjusted ebitda margins for the domestic segment for the year ended december 31, 2023 were 15.8% of domestic segment total sales compared to 18.2% for the year ended december 31, 2022. adjusted ebitda margin was lower in the year-ended december 31, 2023 primarily due to the significant impact of unfavorable sales mix and reduced operating leverage on lower sales volumes, as well as continued operating expense investments for future growth. these headwinds were partially offset by favorable price and cost benefits.
adjusted ebitda margins for the international segment, before deducting for non-controlling interests, for the year ended december 31, 2023 were 13.7% of international segment total sales compared to 13.8% in the prior year, primarily due to unfavorable sales mix, which was mostly offset by favorable price and cost benefits and improved operating leverage on higher sales volumes.
adjusted net income. adjusted net income is defined and reconciled to net income in, "non-gaap measures - adjusted net income" included below in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k. adjusted net income of $335.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased 37.8% from $538.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily due to the factors outlined above, together with the impact of various add-backs in the current and prior years.
27
liquidity and financial position our primary cash requirements include payment for raw materials and components, salaries and benefits, facility and lease costs, operating expenses, interest and principal payments on debt, and capital expenditures. we finance our operations primarily from cash flow generated from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
our credit agreements originally provided for a $1.2 billion term loan b credit facility (tranche b term loan facility) and currently include a $300.0 million uncommitted incremental term loan facility. additionally, our credit agreements previously provided for a $500.0 million abl facility that was paid off and terminated in june 2022.
in june 2022, we amended and restated our existing credit agreements (amended credit agreement) that resulted in a new term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $750 million (tranche a term loan facility), a new $1.25 billion revolving facility (revolving facility), the termination of the former abl facility, and replacement of all libor provisions with sofr provisions. proceeds received from the tranche a term loan facility were used to repay the total existing outstanding balance on our former abl facility and make a $250 million voluntary prepayment on the tranche b term loan facility, with the remaining funds used for future general corporate purposes. as a result of these prepayments, we wrote off $3.5 million of original issue discount and capitalized debt issuance costs during the second quarter of 2022 as a loss on extinguishment of debt. the revolving facility was unfunded at closing.
as of december 31, 2023, there was $530 million outstanding under the tranche b term loan facility, $745.3 million outstanding under the tranche a term loan facility, and $150 million of funded revolving facility borrowings, leaving $1,099.2 million of unused capacity, net of outstanding letters of credit. our tranche b term loan facility bears interest at rates based on either a base rate plus an applicable margin of 0.75% or adjusted sofr rate plus an applicable margin of 1.75%, subject to a sofr floor of 0.0%. beginning on january 1, 2023, the tranche a term loan facility and revolving facility bear interest at a rate based on adjusted sofr plus an applicable margin between 1.25% and 1.75%, based on our total leverage ratio and subject to a sofr floor of 0.0%. at december 31, 2023, the interest rates for the tranche a term loan facility, revolving facility, and tranche b term loan facility were 6.99%, 6.94%, and 7.19%, respectively. see note 5, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" and item 7a for further information on interest rate swaps, which help to reduce our borrowing costs.
the tranche b term loan facility matures on december 13, 2026, while the tranche a term loan facility and revolving facility mature on june 29, 2027. the tranche a term loan facility is repayable in installments due at the end of each quarter commencing september 2023. payments on the revolving facility are not due until 2027. the maturity schedule on these facilities is as follows:
2024       $32,813

2025            46,875
2026           595,625
2027           750,000
total        $1,425,313
as of december 31, 2023, we had total liquidity of $1,193.8 million under our most restrictive debt covenants, which consists of $201.0 million of cash and cash equivalents and $992.8 million available under our revolving facility. we believe we have a strong liquidity position that allows us to execute our strategic plan and provides the flexibility to continue to invest in future growth opportunities.
in september 2020, our board of directors approved a $250.0 million stock repurchase program, which was exhausted in the third quarter of 2022. in july 2022, our board of directors approved another stock repurchase program, which commenced on august 5, 2022, and allowed for the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our common stock over a 24-month period. additionally, on february 12, 2024, the company's board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program that allows for the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of the company's common stock over the next twenty-four months. the new program replaces the prior share repurchase program, which had approximately $26.3 million remaining available for repurchase when the new program was approved. pursuant to the approved program, we may repurchase our common stock from time to time, in amounts and at prices we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations. the repurchases may be executed using open market purchases, privately negotiated agreements or other transactions. the actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the program will be determined by management at its discretion and in compliance with the terms of our credit agreements. the repurchases may be funded with cash on hand, available borrowings, or proceeds from potential debt or other capital markets sources, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice.
during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, we repurchased 2,188,475 shares of our common stock for $251.5 million, and 2,722,007 shares for $345,840, respectively. since the inception of all stock repurchase programs (starting in august 2015), we have repurchased 13,937,188 shares of common stock for $1,028.9 million (at an average cost per share of $73.82). we have periodically reissued shares out of treasury stock, including for earnout payments.
see note 12, "credit agreements," and note 13, "stock repurchase program," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information on our credit agreements and stock repurchase programs.
we have an arrangement with a finance company to provide floor plan financing for selected dealers. this arrangement provides liquidity for our dealers by financing dealer purchases of generac products with credit availability from the finance company. we receive payment from the finance company after shipment of product to the dealer, and our dealers are given a longer period of time to pay the finance company. if our dealers do not pay the finance company, we may be required to repurchase the applicable inventory held by the dealer. we do not indemnify the finance company for any credit losses they may incur. total dealer purchases financed under this arrangement accounted for approximately 12% and 15% of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the amount financed by dealers which remained outstanding was $158.0 million and $212.2 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
long-term liquidity we believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations, and availability under our revolving facility and other short-term lines of credit will provide us with sufficient capital to continue to run our operations. we may use a portion of our cash flow for debt repayments and common stock buybacks, impacting the amount available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes. as we continue to expand our business, we may require additional capital to fund other shareholder value enhancing activities.
cash flow year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
the following table summarizes our cash flows by source (use) for the periods presented:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                           2023                        2022                       $ change              % change net cash provided by operating activities                        $521,670                      $58,516       $463,154              791.5           %
net cash used in investing activities                            (178,063   )                 (134,232   )           (43,831   )           -32.7   %
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities              (277,137   )                   64,043              (341,180   )          -532.7   %
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities primarily represents a significantly lower investment in working capital as compared to the prior year, partially offset by lower operating earnings.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2023 primarily consisted of cash payments of $129.1 million for the purchase of property and equipment (net of $10.9 million of capital expenditures in accounts payable at december 31, 2023), $30.0 million for a minority investment in wallbox, $16.0 million for the acquisition of refu, $6.6 million for a tax equity investment, and a $2.6 million minority investment in rolling energy resources and earth foundry.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily consisted of cash payments of $86.2 million for the purchase of property and equipment (net of $7.7 million of capital expenditures in accounts payable at december 31, 2022), $25.1 million for business acquisitions, $15.0 million investment in watt fuel cell corporation, and $14.9 million for contributions to a tax equity investment, which were partially offset by cash proceeds from the sale of an investment for $1.3 million.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2023 primarily represents proceeds of $348.8 million from long-term borrowings, $64.3 million from short-term borrowings, and $7.8 million from the exercise of stock options. these cash proceeds were more than offset by $104.8 million in cash payments used to purchase the remaining ownership interest in pramac, $251.5 million used for stock repurchases, $325.8 million of debt repayments ($37.1 million of short-term borrowings and $288.7 million of long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations), $10.9 million of taxes paid related to equity awards, and $5.0 million for payment of contingent acquisition consideration.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily includes proceeds of $1,026.3 million from long-term borrowings, $248.2 million from short-term borrowings, and $13.8 million from the exercise of stock options. these cash proceeds were partially offset by $810.3 million of debt repayments ($268.1 million of short-term borrowings and $542.2 million of long-term borrowings and finance lease obligations), $345.8 million of stock repurchases, $40.9 million of taxes paid related to equity awards, $16.1 million of contingent acquisition consideration, and $10.3 million for debt issuance costs.
28
senior secured credit facilities refer to note 12, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and the "liquidity and financial position" section included in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for information on our senior secured credit facilities.
covenant compliance the term loans restrict the aggregate amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid and, in certain circumstances, requires pro forma compliance with certain fixed charge coverage ratios or gross leverage ratios, as applicable, in order to pay certain dividends and distributions. the term loans also contain other affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, liens on property, sale and leaseback transactions, investments, loans and advances, mergers or consolidations, asset sales, acquisitions, transactions with affiliates, prepayments of certain other indebtedness and modifications of our organizational documents. the tranche a term loan facility and the revolving facility include certain financial covenants that require the company to maintain a total leverage ratio below 3.75 to 1.00 as well as an interest coverage ratio above 3.00 to 1.00. as of december 31, 2023, the company's total leverage ratio was 2.18 to 1.00, and the company's interest coverage ratio was 6.44 to 1.00. the company was also in compliance with these and all other covenants of the amended credit agreement as of december 31, 2023. the tranche b term loan facility does not contain any financial maintenance covenants.
the term loans contain customary events of default, including, among others, nonpayment of principal, interest or other amounts, failure to perform covenants, inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect, cross-defaults with other material indebtedness, certain undischarged judgments, the occurrence of certain erisa, bankruptcy or insolvency events, or the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the term loan). a bankruptcy or insolvency event of default will cause the obligations under the term loans to automatically become immediately due and payable.
the revolving facility also contains covenants and events of default substantially similar to those in the term loans, as described above.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our expected payments for significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023, using the interest rates in effect as of that date:
(u.s. dollars in thousands)                       total               2024                 2025                 2026                2027               2028          after 2028

long-term debt, including current portion (1)                   $1,434,825              $42,162              $46,958            $595,651            $750,026               $28   $-
finance lease obligations, including current portion (2)            71,308                3,614               44,069               2,517               2,337             2,064           16,707
interest on long-term debt and finance lease obligations           329,157              104,116              101,204              92,837              23,684             1,408            5,908
operating leases                                                    85,148               32,145               18,887               8,278               7,667             6,157           12,014
short-term borrowings (3)                                           81,769               81,769                    -                   -                   -                 -                -
total contractual cash obligations                              $2,002,207             $263,806             $211,118            $699,283            $783,714            $9,657   $34,629
(1) the tranche b term loan matures on december 13, 2026. the tranche a term loan and the revolving facility mature on june 29, 2027. as of december 31, 2023, there was $150 million outstanding under the revolving facility classified as long-term debt.
(2) finance lease obligations, including current portion includes a payment for a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised in 2025.
(3) short-term borrowings consist of borrowings by our foreign subsidiaries on local lines of credit.
capital expenditures our operations require capital expenditures for facilities and related improvements, technology, research & development, tooling, equipment, capacity expansion, internal use software, it systems & infrastructure and upgrades. capital expenditures were $129.1 million, $86.2 million, and $110.0 million in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and were funded primarily through cash from operations.
29
critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing the financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the asset, liability, revenue and expense amounts reported. these estimates can also affect our supplemental information disclosures, including information about contingencies, risk and financial condition. we believe, given current facts and circumstances, that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, adhere to u.s. gaap, and are consistently applied. inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. we make routine estimates and judgments in determining net realizable value of accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, prepaid expenses, product warranties and other reserves. management believes our most critical accounting estimates and assumptions are in the following areas: business combinations and purchase accounting; goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment; and income taxes. the following is a discussion of critical accounting estimates in each of these areas.
business combinations and purchase accounting we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of an acquired business are recorded at their respective fair values. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. assigning fair market values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of an acquisition requires knowledge of current market values, the values of assets in use, and often requires the application of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. while the ultimate responsibility resides with management, for material acquisitions we retain the services of certified valuation specialists to assist with assigning estimated values to certain acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including intangible assets, tangible long-lived assets, and contingent consideration. acquired intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are valued using certain discounted cash flow methodologies based on future cash flows specific to the type of intangible asset purchased. this methodology incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, profit margins, forecasted cash flows, discount rates and terminal growth rates. if the contingent consideration is deemed significant or absent an agreed upon payout amount, the initial measurement of contingent consideration and the corresponding liability is evaluated using the monte carlo method. for this valuation method, management develops projections covering the contingent consideration period utilizing various potential pay-out scenarios. probabilities are applied to each potential scenario and the resulting values are discounted using a rate that considers weighted average cost of capital as well as a specific risk premium associated with the riskiness of the contingent consideration itself, the related projections, and the overall business. refer to note 1, "description of business," and note 3, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's business acquisitions.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets we performed the required annual impairment tests for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for the fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, and found no impairment.
when preparing a discounted cash flow analysis for purposes of our annual impairment test, we make a number of key estimates and assumptions. we estimate the future cash flows of the business based on historical and forecasted revenues and operating costs. in addition, we apply a discount rate to the estimated future cash flows for the purpose of the valuation. this discount rate is based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital for the business and may change from year to year. weighted average cost of capital includes certain assumptions such as market capital structures, market betas, risk-free rate of return and estimated costs of borrowing.
in the fourth quarter of 2023, we revised the operating structure within our international reportable segment. as a result, latin america no longer met the definition of a reporting unit. we performed a final impairment test of the latin america reporting unit prior to the change in operating structure. we calculated the estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 12% and thus found no impairment. the carrying value of goodwill for our latin america reporting unit as of the final impairment test was $52.4 million.
for all reporting units, a considerable amount of management judgment and assumptions are required in performing the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests. while we believe our judgments and assumptions are reasonable, different assumptions could change the estimated fair values. a number of factors, many of which we have no ability to control, could cause actual results to differ from the estimates and assumptions we employed. these factors include:
●          a rising interest rate environment;

●   a prolonged global or regional economic downturn;
●   a significant decrease in the demand for our products;

●   the inability to develop new and enhanced products and services in a timely manner;

●   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate;

●   an adverse action or assessment by a regulator;

●   successful efforts by our competitors to gain market share in our markets;

●   disruptions to the company's business;

●   inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses;

●                        loss of key management and employees

●   unexpected or unplanned changes in the use of assets or entity structure; and
●   business divestitures.

if management's estimates of future operating results change or if there are changes to other assumptions due to these factors, the estimate of the fair values may change significantly. such change could result in impairment charges in future periods, which could have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition.
refer to note 2, "summary of accounting policies - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's policy regarding the accounting for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets.
30
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) 740, income taxes. our estimates of income taxes payable, deferred income taxes and the effective tax rate are based on an analysis of many factors including interpretations of federal, state and international income tax laws; the difference between tax and financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities; estimates of amounts currently due or owed in various jurisdictions; and current accounting standards. we review and update our estimates on a quarterly basis as facts and circumstances change and actual results are known.
in assessing the net realizable value of the deferred tax assets on our balance sheet, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the years in which those temporary differences become deductible. we consider the taxable income in prior carryback years, scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
refer to note 15, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's income taxes and income tax positions.
new accounting standards for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, refer to note 2, "summary of accounting policies - new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
non-gaap measures adjusted ebitda to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, we provide the computation of adjusted ebitda attributable to the company, which is defined as net income before noncontrolling interests adjusted for the following items: interest expense, depreciation expense, amortization of intangible assets, income tax expense, certain non-cash gains and losses including certain purchase accounting adjustments and contingent consideration adjustments, share-based compensation expense, losses on extinguishment of debt, certain transaction costs and credit facility fees, business optimization expenses, certain specific provisions, and adjusted ebitda attributable to noncontrolling interests, as set forth in the reconciliation table below. the computation of adjusted ebitda is based primarily on the definition included in our credit agreement.
we view adjusted ebitda as a key measure of our performance. we present adjusted ebitda not only due to its importance for purposes of our credit agreements, but also because it assists us in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis as it excludes items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. our management uses adjusted ebitda:
●   for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and developing and refining our internal projections for future periods;

●   to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business;

●   as a benchmark for the determination of the bonus component of compensation for our senior executives under our management incentive plan, as described further in our proxy statement;

●   to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies and as a supplemental tool in evaluating our performance against our budget for each period; and

●   in communications with our board of directors and investors concerning our financial performance.

31
we believe adjusted ebitda is used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of the company. management believes the disclosure of adjusted ebitda offers an additional financial metric that, when coupled with results prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) and the reconciliation to u.s. gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of our results of operations and the factors and trends affecting our business. we believe adjusted ebitda is useful to investors for the following reasons:
●   adjusted ebitda and similar non-gaap measures are widely used by investors to measure a company's operating performance without regard to items that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon financing and accounting methods, book values of assets, tax jurisdictions, capital structures and the methods by which assets were acquired;

●   investors can use adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to evaluate the overall operating performance of our company, including our ability to service our debt and other cash needs; and

●   by comparing our adjusted ebitda in different historical periods, our investors can evaluate our operating performance excluding the impact of items described below.

the adjustments included in the reconciliation table listed below are presented to illustrate the operating performance of our business in a manner consistent with the presentation used by our management and board of directors. these adjustments eliminate the impact of a number of items that:
●   we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance, such as non-cash write-downs and other charges, non-cash gains, write-offs relating to the retirement of debt, severance costs and other restructuring-related business optimization expenses;

●   we believe to be akin to, or associated with, interest expense, such as administrative agent fees, revolving credit facility commitment fees and letter of credit fees; or

●   are non-cash in nature, such as share-based compensation expense.

we explain in more detail in footnotes (a) through (f) below why we believe these adjustments are useful in calculating adjusted ebitda as a measure of our operating performance.
adjusted ebitda does not represent, and should not be a substitute for, net income or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. adjusted ebitda has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under u.s. gaap. some of the limitations are:
●   adjusted ebitda does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;

●   adjusted ebitda does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;

●   adjusted ebitda does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt;

●   although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted ebitda does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements;

●   several of the adjustments that we use in calculating adjusted ebitda, such as non-cash write-downs and other charges, while not involving cash expense, do have a negative impact on the value of our assets as reflected in our consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap; and

●   other companies may calculate adjusted ebitda differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

32
furthermore, as noted above, one of our uses of adjusted ebitda is as a benchmark for determining elements of compensation for our senior executives. at the same time, some or all of these senior executives have responsibility for monitoring our financial results, generally including the adjustments in calculating adjusted ebitda (subject ultimately to review by our board of directors in the context of the board's review of our financial statements). while many of the adjustments (for example, transaction costs and credit facility fees), involve mathematical application of items reflected in our financial statements, others involve a degree of judgment and discretion. while we believe all of these adjustments are appropriate, and while the calculations are subject to review by our board of directors in the context of the board's review of our financial statements, and certification by our chief financial officer in a compliance certificate provided to the lenders under our term loan and revolving facility, this discretion may be viewed as an additional limitation on the use of adjusted ebitda as an analytical tool.
because of these limitations, adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. we compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our u.s. gaap results and using adjusted ebitda only supplementally.
the following table presents a reconciliation of net income to adjusted ebitda attributable to generac holdings inc.:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                                             2023                      2022                       2021
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                                  $214,606                   $399,502                   $550,494
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                  2,514                      9,368                      6,075
net income                                                                         217,120                    408,870                    556,569
interest expense                                                                    97,627                     54,826                     32,953
depreciation and amortization                                                      166,602                    156,141                     92,041
provision for income taxes                                                          73,180                     99,596                    134,957
non-cash write-down and other adjustments (a)                                       (5,953    )                (2,091    )                (3,070   )
non-cash share-based compensation expense (b)                                       35,492                     29,481                     23,954
loss on extinguishment of debt (c)                                                       -                      3,743                        831
transaction costs and credit facility fees (d)                                       4,054                      5,026                     22,357
business optimization and other charges (e)                                         10,551                      4,371                         33
provision for legal, regulatory, and clean energy product charges (f)               38,490                     65,265                          -
other                                                                                  696                        139                        800
adjusted ebitda                                                                    637,859                    825,367                    861,425
adjusted ebitda attributable to noncontrolling interests                             4,687                     15,087                      9,351
adjusted ebitda attributable to generac holdings inc.                             $633,172                   $810,280                   $852,074
(a) represents the following non-cash charges, gains, and other adjustments: gains/losses on the disposition of assets other than in the ordinary course of business, gains/losses on sales of certain investments, unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on commodity contracts, certain foreign currency related adjustments, and certain purchase accounting and contingent consideration adjustments. we believe that adjusting net income for these items is useful for the following reasons:
●   the gains/losses on disposition of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and sales of certain investments result from the sale of assets that are no longer useful in our business and therefore represent gains or losses that are not from our core operations;

●   the adjustments for unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity contracts represent non-cash items to reflect changes in the fair value of forward contracts that have not been settled or terminated. we believe it is useful to adjust net income for these items because the charges do not represent a cash outlay in the period in which the charge is incurred, although adjusted ebitda must always be used together with our u.s. gaap statements of comprehensive income and cash flows to capture the full effect of these contracts on our operating performance;

●   the purchase accounting adjustments represent non-cash items to reflect fair value at the date of acquisition, and therefore do not reflect our ongoing operations. fair value adjustments to contingent consideration obligations related to business acquisitions are added back as they are akin to purchase price.

(b) represents share-based compensation expense to account for stock options, restricted stock and other stock awards over their respective vesting period.
(c) represents the non-cash write-off of original issue discount and deferred financing costs due to voluntary prepayments of debt. refer to note 12, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the losses on extinguishment of debt.
(d) represents transaction costs incurred directly in connection with any investment, as defined in our credit agreement, equity issuance or debt issuance or refinancing, together with certain fees relating to our senior secured credit facilities, such as administrative agent fees and credit facility commitment fees under our amended credit agreement, which we believe to be akin to, or associated with, interest expense and whose inclusion in adjusted ebitda is therefore similar to the inclusion of interest expense in that calculation.
(e) represents severance and other restructuring charges related to the consolidation of certain operating facilities and organizational functions.
(f) represents the following significant and unusual charges not indicative of our ongoing operations:
• a provision for judgments and legal expenses related to certain patent and other litigation - $28.3 million in 2023.
•  a provision for a matter with the cpsc concerning the imposition of civil fines for allegedly failing to timely submit a report under the cpsa in relation to certain portable generators that were subject to a voluntary recall previously announced on july 29, 2021 - $5.8 million in 2023; $10.0 million in 2022.
• a bad debt provision and additional customer support costs related to a clean energy product customer that filed for bankruptcy in 2022 - $4.4 million additional customer support costs in 2023; $17.9 million bad debt provision in 2022.
• a warranty provision to address certain clean energy product warranty-related matters - $37.3 million in 2022.
33
adjusted net income to further supplement our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, we provide the computation of adjusted net income attributable to the company, which is defined as net income before noncontrolling interest adjusted for the following items: amortization of intangible assets, amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discount related to our debt, intangible impairment charges (if any), certain transaction costs and other purchase accounting adjustments, losses on extinguishment of debt, business optimization expenses, certain specific provisions, other non-cash gains and losses or charges, and adjusted net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, as set forth in the reconciliation table below. in addition, for periods prior to 2022, adjusted net income reflects cash income tax expense due to the existence of the tax shield from the amortization of tax-deductible goodwill and intangible assets from our acquisition by ccmp capital advisors, llc in 2006. due to the expiration of this tax shield in the fourth quarter of 2021, there is no similar reconciling item starting in 2022.
we believe adjusted net income is used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of our company's operations. management believes the disclosure of adjusted net income offers an additional financial metric that, when used in conjunction with u.s. gaap results and the reconciliation to u.s. gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of our ongoing results of operations, and the factors and trends affecting our business.
the adjustments included in the reconciliation table listed below are presented to illustrate the operating performance of our business in a manner consistent with the presentation used by investors and securities analysts. similar to the adjusted ebitda reconciliation, these adjustments eliminate the impact of a number of items we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance or cash flows, such as amortization costs, transaction costs and write-offs relating to the retirement of debt. prior to the expiration of our tax shield in the fourth quarter of 2021, we also made adjustments to present cash taxes paid as a result of our favorable tax attributes.
similar to adjusted ebitda, adjusted net income does not represent, and should not be a substitute for, net income or cash flows from operations as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. adjusted net income has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under u.s. gaap. some of the limitations are:
●   adjusted net income does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;

●   although amortization is a non-cash charge, the assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted net income does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and

●   other companies may calculate adjusted net income differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

the following table presents a reconciliation of net income to adjusted net income attributable to generac holdings inc.:
year ended december 31,

(u.s. dollars in thousands)                                                     2023                      2022                       2021
net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                                          $214,606                   $399,502                    $550,494
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                          2,514                      9,368                       6,075
net income                                                                                 217,120                    408,870                     556,569
provision for income taxes (a)                                                                   -                          -                     134,957
amortization of intangible assets                                                          104,194                    103,320                      49,886
amortization of deferred finance costs and original issue discount                           3,885                      3,234                       2,589
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                   -                      3,743                         831
transaction costs and other purchase accounting adjustments (b)                              2,089                      3,588                      19,655
(gain)/loss attributable to business or asset dispositions (c)                                (119    )                  (229    )                 (4,383   )
business optimization and other charges (see above)                                         10,551                      4,371                          33
provision for legal, regulatory, and clean energy product charges (see above)               38,490                     65,265                           -
tax effect of add backs                                                                    (38,384    )               (43,638    )                      -
cash income tax expense (a)                                                                      -                          -                    (136,231   )
adjusted net income                                                                        337,826                    548,524                     623,906
adjusted net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                 2,514                      9,675                       4,971
adjusted net income attributable to generac holdings inc.                                 $335,312                   $538,849                    $618,935
(a) for the years ended december 31, 2021, the amount is based on a cash income tax rate of 19.7% due to the existence of the tax shield from the amortization of tax-deductible goodwill and intangible assets from our acquisition by ccmp capital advisors, llc in 2006. due to the expiration of this tax shield in the fourth quarter of 2021, there is no similar reconciling item for the 2022 or 2023 periods.
(b) represents transaction costs incurred directly in connection with any investment, as defined in our credit agreement, equity issuance or debt issuance or refinancing, and certain purchase accounting and contingent consideration adjustments.
(c) represents gains and losses attributable to the disposition of a business or assets occurring in other than ordinary course, as defined in our credit agreement.
34
