item 1a: risk factors the risks and uncertainties listed below present risks that could have a material impact on huntington's financial condition, the results of operations, or its business. some of these risks and uncertainties are interrelated and the occurrence of one or more of them may exacerbate the effect of others. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones huntington faces. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to huntington or that huntington believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. additionally refer to factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements." for more information on how we manage risks, see discussion in the "risk governance" section of our md&a.
in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.
credit risks:
our acl level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our net income and capital.
our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. our acl of $2.4 billion at december 31, 2023, represented management's estimate of the current expected losses in our loan and lease portfolio (alll) as well as our unfunded lending commitments (aulc). we regularly review our acl for appropriateness. in doing so, we consider probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at default depending on economic parameters for each month of the remaining contractual term of the credit exposure. the economic parameters are developed using available information relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover lifetime losses of the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of the acl and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business.
continued economic uncertainty and a recessionary or stagnant economy could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions, including persistent inflation, rising interest rates, supply chain issues or labor shortages, which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. these conditions could result in one or more of the following:
•a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;
•a decrease in customer savings generally, and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us;
•an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us; and
•an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of npas, ncos, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale.
the markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.
2023 form 10-k a u.s. government debt default would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance, including a decrease in the value of treasury bonds and other government securities held by us, which could negatively impact the bank's capital position and its ability to meet regulatory requirements. other negative impacts of a u.s. government debt default, budget deficit concerns, government shutdown, or related credit ratings downgrades could include volatile capital markets, an adverse impact on the u.s. economy and the u.s. dollar, as well as increased default rates among borrowers in light of increased economic uncertainty. some of these impacts might occur even in the absence of an actual default or government shutdown as a consequence of extended political negotiations around the threat of such a default or government shutdown.
market risks:
changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, and domestic and international economic and political conditions. conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. in addition, the federal reserve's monetary policies, including changes in the federal funds rate and increasing or reducing the size of its balance sheet, may also affect interest rates. if our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be adversely impacted.
changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage servicing rights. an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in npas and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. however, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding nals without any corresponding interest income. in addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. a decline in interest rates could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits.
rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities. any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts oci, shareholders' equity, and the tangible common equity ratio. any realized loss from these portfolios impacts regulatory capital ratios. for more information, refer to "market risk" section of the md&a.
certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are sensitive to rising and falling rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease, and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase, and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. in either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates, as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise.
in addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within the benefit plans and other income from client-based transactions.
huntington bancshares incorporated inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price.
prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention. additionally, inflation may lead to a decrease in consumer and clients' purchasing power and negatively affect the need or demand for our products and services. if significant inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease our appetite for new credit extensions. these inflationary pressures could result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing our stock price to suffer.
industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify. certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. in our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. technological advances have made it possible for our non-bank competitors to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including mobile payments, online deposit accounts, electronic payment processing, and marketplace lending, without having a physical presence where their customers are located. legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. for example, the economic growth act and the tailoring rules reduce the regulatory burden of certain large bhcs and raise the asset thresholds at which more onerous requirements apply, which could cause certain large bhcs to become more competitive or to more aggressively pursue expansion. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, electronic platforms, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin. for more information, refer to "competition" section of item 1: business.
liquidity risks:
changes in huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry, or changes in interest rates, could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. the bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers.
our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. the continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general, and us in particular. the availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g., changes in fdic insurance, liquidity requirements, etc.), changes in the financial condition of huntington, other banks, or the banking industry in general, changes in the interest rates our competitors pay on their deposits, and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. while we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market-related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits.
2023 form 10-k we are a holding company and depend on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
huntington is an entity separate and distinct from the bank. the bank conducts most of our operations, and huntington depends upon dividends from the bank to service huntington's debt and to pay dividends to huntington's shareholders. the availability of dividends from the bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. it is possible, depending upon the financial condition including liquidity and capital adequacy of the bank and other factors, that the occ could limit the payment of dividends or other payments to huntington by the bank. in addition, the payment of dividends by our other subsidiaries is also subject to the laws of the subsidiary's state of incorporation, and regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to such subsidiaries. in the event that the bank was unable to pay dividends to us, we in turn would likely have to reduce or stop paying dividends on our preferred and common stock. our failure to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our preferred and common stock. additional information regarding dividend restrictions is provided in item 1: business - "regulatory matters."
if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
wholesale funding sources can include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and long-term debt. the bank is also a member of the fhlb, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets. we maintain a portfolio of highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.
we may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.
capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of huntington and the bank. our ability to access the capital markets, if needed, will depend on a number of factors, including the state of the financial markets. rising interest rates, disruptions in financial markets, negative perceptions of our business or our financial strength, negative perceptions of the overall banking industry or of other regional banks, or other factors may impact our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. for example, in the event of future turmoil in the banking industry or other idiosyncratic events, there is no guarantee that the u.s. government will invoke the systemic risk exception, create additional liquidity programs, or take any other action to stabilize the banking industry or provide liquidity. any diminished ability to access short-term funding or capital markets to raise additional capital, if needed, could subject us to liability, restrict our ability to grow, require us to take actions that would affect our earnings negatively or otherwise adversely affect our business and our ability to implement our business plan, capital plan and strategic goals.
a reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our access to capital and could increase our cost of funds.
the credit rating agencies regularly evaluate huntington and the bank, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry, the economy, and changes in rating methodologies. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. a downgrade of the credit ratings of huntington or the bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. this could affect our growth, profitability, and financial condition, including liquidity.
huntington bancshares incorporated instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. the macroeconomic environment in the u.s. is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets. for example, global conflicts (including the continuing conflicts involving ukraine and the russian federation and those in the middle east) or other similar events, as well as government actions of other restrictions in connection with such events, and trade negotiations between the u.s. and other nations could adversely impact economic and market conditions for the company and its clients and counterparties. in addition, global supply chain disruptions may cause prolonged inflation, adversely impact consumer and business confidence, and adversely affect the economy as well as our financial condition and results.
operational risks:
our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
the potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. our operational and security systems and infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. we rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, failure, or breach of our or of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. for example, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely. our financial, accounting, data processing, backup, or other operating or security systems and infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. such events may include: sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications, or other major physical infrastructure outages; disease pandemics; cyber-attacks; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist attacks. additional events beyond our control that could impact our business directly or indirectly include natural disasters such as earthquakes and weather events, including tornadoes, hurricanes, and floods. neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of these events can be predicted, and the frequency and severity of weather events may be impacted by climate changes. in addition, we may need to take our systems off-line if they become infected with malware or a computer virus or as a result of another form of cyber-attack. in the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and some data might not have been saved to backup systems, potentially resulting in a temporary or permanent loss of such data. in addition, our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. we frequently update our systems to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. this updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. implementation and testing of controls related to our computer systems, security monitoring, and retaining and training personnel required to operate our systems also entail significant costs. operational risk exposures could adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption.
2023 form 10-k we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
our computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties, on which we are highly dependent, are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities, or identity theft. our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. in addition, to access our network, products, and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.
we, our customers, regulators, and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. these cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of confidential, proprietary, and other information of ours, our employees, our customers, or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers' or other third parties' network access or business operations. as cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies, and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences for us.
cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. for example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. in addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists, and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. due to increasing geopolitical tensions, nation state cyber-attacks and ransomware are both increasing in sophistication and prevalence. targeted social engineering and email attacks (i.e., "spear phishing" attacks) are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. in such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our clients. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. the speed at which new vulnerabilities are discovered and exploited often before security patches are published continues to rise. remote work further increases the risk that we may experience cyber incidents as a result of our employees, vendors, and other third parties with which we interact working remotely on less secure systems and environments.
huntington bancshares incorporated the risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. further, our ability to monitor our vendors' cybersecurity practices is limited. although we generally have agreements relating to cybersecurity and data privacy in place with our vendors, we cannot guarantee that such agreements will prevent a cyber-incident impacting our systems or information or enable us to obtain adequate or any reimbursement from our service providers in the event we should suffer any such incidents. due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cyber-incidents attributed to our vendors as they relate to the information we share with them.
we also face indirect technology, cybersecurity, and operational risks relating to the customers, clients, and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators, and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. as a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence, and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes, or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. this consolidation, interconnectivity, and complexity increases the risk of operational failure. any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, or expand our business.
cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including: loss of customers and business opportunities; costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our or our customers' and/or third parties' computers or systems. the occurrence of any of these events could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.
for more information regarding the company's process for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats, refer to item 1c: cybersecurity.
cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus.
as cybersecurity and data privacy risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, cybersecurity and data privacy issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory focus. the federal bank regulatory agencies have proposed regulations that would enhance cyber risk management standards, which would apply to a wide range of large financial institutions and their third-party service providers, including us and the bank, and would focus on cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, incident response, cyber resilience, and situational awareness. laws in all 50 states generally require, among other things, notification to affected individuals when there has been a security breach of their personal data under certain circumstances. for more information regarding cybersecurity and data privacy, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters."
2023 form 10-k we receive, maintain, and store non-public personal information of our customers and counterparties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. the sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of these types of information are governed by federal and state law. both personally identifiable information and personal financial information are increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information and personal financial information that is collected and handled. for example, under california state law, the ccpa broadly defines personal information and substantially increases the rights of california residents to understand how their personal information is collected, used, and otherwise processed by commercial businesses, such as affording them the right to access and request deletion of their information and to opt out of certain sharing and sales of personal information. numerous other states have also enacted or are in the process of enacting state-level privacy, data protection and/or data security laws and regulations. for more information regarding data privacy laws and regulations, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters."
further, we make public statements about our use, collection, disclosure, and other processing of personal information through our privacy policies, information provided on our website and press statements. although we endeavor to comply with our public statements and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. the publication of our privacy policies and other statements that provide promises and assurances about privacy, data protection, and data security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices.
we may become subject to new legislation or regulation concerning cybersecurity or the privacy of personally identifiable information and personal financial information or of any other information we may store or maintain. we could be adversely affected if new legislation or regulations are adopted or if existing legislation or regulations are modified such that we are required to alter our systems or require changes to our business practices or privacy policies. if cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, data transfer, or data retention laws are implemented, interpreted, or applied in a manner inconsistent with our current practices, we may be subject to fines, litigation, or regulatory enforcement actions or ordered to change our business practices, policies, or systems in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results.
we face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by colleagues or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by colleagues or outsiders, operational errors by colleagues, business disruption, and system failures. huntington executes against a significant number of controls, a large percent of which are manual and dependent on adequate execution by colleagues and third-party service providers. there is inherent risk that unknown single points of failure through the execution chain could give rise to material loss through inadvertent errors or malicious attack. these operational risks could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and the capital markets.
moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including clients, products, and business practices; corporate governance; acquisitions; and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
relative to acquisitions, we incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms from acquired businesses and institutions in a timely and efficient manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies expected from such acquisitions. acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities, including the federal reserve, the occ, and the u.s. department of justice, as well as the approval of our shareholders and the shareholders of companies that we seek to acquire. these approvals for acquisitions may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisitions. subject to requisite regulatory approvals, future business acquisitions may result in the issuance and payment of additional shares of stock, which would dilute current shareholders' ownership interests. additionally, acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
huntington bancshares incorporated failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. any failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business and our stock price.
we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
quantitative models may be used to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating expected lifetime credit losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the ccar capital planning and capital adequacy process). our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, and correlations. these assumptions may not capture or fully incorporate conditions leading to losses, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, inaccurate data, misuse of data, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
all models have certain limitations. reliance on models presents the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporated from models will be adversely affected due to incorrect, missing, or misleading information. in addition, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable. also, information that we provide to the public or regulators based on poorly designed models could be inaccurate or misleading.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. some of our decisions that the regulators evaluate, including distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information are insufficient.
we rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
we rely on third-party service providers, both domestically and offshore, to leverage subject matter expertise and industry best practice, provide enhanced products and services, and reduce costs. although there are benefits in entering into third-party relationships with vendors and others, there are risks associated with such activities. when entering a third-party relationship, the risks associated with that activity are not passed to the third-party but remain our responsibility. the risk oversight committee of the board of directors provides oversight related to the overall risk management process associated with third-party relationships. management is accountable for the review and evaluation of all new and existing third-party relationships. management is responsible for ensuring that adequate controls are in place to protect us and our customers from the risks associated with vendor relationships.
increased risk could occur based on poor planning, oversight, control, and inferior performance or service on the part of the third-party and may result in legal costs or loss of business. while we have implemented a vendor management program to actively manage the risks associated with the use of third-party service providers, any problems caused by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and to conduct our business. replacing a third-party service provider could also take a long period of time and result in increased expenses.
2023 form 10-k changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied.
for further discussion, see note 2 - "accounting standards update" to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations.
our goodwill could become impaired in the future. if goodwill were to become impaired, it could limit the ability of the bank to pay dividends to huntington, adversely impacting huntington liquidity and ability to pay dividends or repay debt. assumptions affecting our goodwill impairment evaluation include earnings projections, the discount rates used in the income approach to measure fair value, and observed peer multiples used in estimating the fair value under the market approach. we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. if an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. if an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our common stock, or our regulatory capital levels, but such an impairment loss could significantly reduce the bank's earnings and thereby restrict the bank's ability to make dividend payments to us without prior regulatory approval, which in turn could impact our ability to pay dividends. at december 31, 2023, the book value of our goodwill was $5.6 billion, substantially all of which was recorded at the bank. any such write down of goodwill or other acquisition related intangibles will reduce huntington's earnings, as well.
climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses, and customers.
there is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. the physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. under medium or longer-term scenarios, such events, if uninterrupted or unaddressed, could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. additionally, transitioning to a low-carbon economy may entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market initiatives. transition risks, including changes in consumer preferences and additional regulatory requirements or supervisory expectations or taxes, could increase our expenses and undermine our strategies. in addition, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our practices related to climate change, including our involvement, or our customers' involvement, in certain industries or projects, in the absence of mitigation and/or transition measures, associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. as climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, we have established a formal climate risk program to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management processes across all established risk pillars, such as market, credit, and operational risks. while the timing and severity of climate change may not be entirely predictable and our risk management processes may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure, we continue to build capabilities to identify, assess, and manage climate risks.
huntington bancshares incorporated compliance risks:
we operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.
the banking industry is highly regulated. we are subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by various federal and state regulators, including the federal reserve, occ, sec, cfpb, fdic, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. the statutory and regulatory framework that governs us is generally intended to protect depositors and customers, the dif, the u.s. banking and financial system, and financial markets as a whole - not to protect shareholders. these laws and regulations, many of which are discussed in item 1: business - "regulatory matters," among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities (including foreclosure and collection practices), limit the dividend or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt, and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. such regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines, and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base, and the price of our securities. further, any new laws, rules, and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial condition.
under the supervision of the cfpb, our consumer and business banking products and services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. we may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. also, federal and state regulators have been increasingly focused on sales practices of branch personnel, including taking regulatory action against other financial institutions. in addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, require remuneration to our customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and, therefore, reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, increase the cost of collection, cause harm to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.
legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject may increase in times of financial crisis, as well as a result of other factors such as technological and market changes. compliance with these laws and regulations have resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations, especially those that apply to our consumer operations, which has been an area of heightened focus, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results.
2023 form 10-k we expect the current administration will continue to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the former administration. this reform agenda could include a heightened focus on consumer protection, fair lending, the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrowers impacted by climate change, heightened scrutiny on bank secrecy act and aml requirements, topics related to social equity, executive compensation, and increased capital and liquidity, as well as limits on share buybacks and dividends. in addition, mergers and acquisitions could be dampened by increased antitrust scrutiny. we also expect reform proposals for the short-term wholesale markets. the evolving regulatory and supervisory environment and uncertainty about the timing and scope of future laws, regulations and policies may contribute to decisions we may make to suspend, reduce, or withdraw from existing businesses, activities, or initiatives, which may result in potential lost revenue or significant restructuring or related costs or exposures.
in addition, regulatory responses in connection with severe market downturns or unforeseen stress events may alter or disrupt our planned future strategies and actions. adverse developments affecting the overall strength and soundness of other financial institutions, the financial services industry as a whole, and the general economic climate and u.s. treasury market could have a negative impact on perceptions about the strength and soundness of our business even if we are not subject to the same adverse developments. during 2023, the fdic took control and was appointed receiver of silicon valley bank, signature bank, and first republic bank, respectively. the failure of other banks and financial institutions and the measures taken by governments and regulators in response to these events could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.
we face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.
for more information on litigation risks, see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" to the consolidated financial statements.
noncompliance with the bank secrecy act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss.
the bank secrecy act and the patriot act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect and prevent the use of the u.s. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, requires depository institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. fincen, a unit of the treasury department that administers the bank secrecy act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies, as well as the u.s. department of justice, drug enforcement administration, and irs.
there is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the ofac. if our policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures, and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us.
for more information regarding the bank secrecy act, patriot act, anti-money laundering requirements and ofac-administered sanctions, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters."
huntington bancshares incorporated strategic risk:
we operate in a highly competitive industry which depends on our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences.
we are subject to intense competition from both other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including fintech companies. technology has lowered the barriers to entry, with customers having a growing variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives, including crowdfunding, digital wallets, and money transfer services. the continuous widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services and mobile applications, and advanced atm functionality, is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and is changing the delivery channels for financial services. our "people-first, digitally-powered" strategic plan considers the implications of these changes in technology. additionally, these changes require us to adapt our product and services, as well as our distribution of them, to evolving industry standards and customer preferences. failure to address competitive pressures could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to successfully implement our strategic plan as well as adapt existing products and services and develop competitive new products and services demanded by our customers. the widespread adoption of technologies will continue to require substantial investments to modify or adapt existing products and services and to develop new product or services. additionally, we may not be successful in executing our strategic plan, introducing new products or services, achieving market acceptance of new product or services, anticipating or reacting to customers changing preferences, or attracting and retaining loyal customers.
we depend on our executive officers and key personnel to continue the implementation of our long-term business strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services.
we believe that our continued growth and future success will depend in large part on the skills of our management team and our ability to motivate and retain these individuals and other key personnel. the loss of service of one or more of our executive officers or key personnel could reduce our ability to successfully implement our long-term business strategy, our business could suffer, and the value of our stock could be materially adversely affected. leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. we believe our management team possesses valuable knowledge about the banking industry and that their knowledge and relationships would be very difficult to replicate. our success also depends on the experience of our branch managers and lending officers and on their relationships with the customers and communities they serve. the loss of these key personnel could negatively impact our banking operations. the loss of key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results.
bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the ccar assessment process and the u.s. basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
the federal reserve administers ccar, a periodic forward-looking quantitative assessment of huntington's capital adequacy and planned capital distributions and a review of the strength of huntington's practices to assess capital needs. the federal reserve makes a quantitative assessment of capital based on supervisory-run stress tests that assess the ability to maintain capital levels above each minimum regulatory capital ratio after making all capital actions included in huntington's capital plan, under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. the ccar process is also used to determine huntington's scb requirement. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve or occ will respond favorably to our capital plans, planned capital actions, or stress test results, and the federal reserve, occ, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
2023 form 10-k we are also required to maintain minimum capital ratios and the federal reserve and occ may determine that huntington and/or the bank, based on size, complexity, or risk profile, must maintain capital ratios above these minimums in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. in the event we are required to raise capital to maintain required minimum capital and leverage ratios or ratios above the required applicable minimums, we may be forced to do so when market conditions are undesirable or on terms that are less favorable to us than we would otherwise require. furthermore, in order to prevent becoming subject to restrictions on our ability to distribute capital or make certain discretionary bonus payments to management, the bank must maintain a ccb of 2.5%, and huntington must maintain the applicable scb determined as part of the ccar process, which are in addition to our required minimum capital ratios.
we also face the risk of becoming subject to new or more stringent requirements in connection with the introduction of new regulations or modification of existing regulations, which could require us to hold more capital or liquidity or have other adverse effects on our businesses or profitability. for example, proposed changes to applicable capital and liquidity requirements, such as the basel iii endgame proposal and the long-term debt proposal, could result in increased expenses or cost of funding, which could negatively affect our financial results or our ability to pay dividends and engage in share repurchases.
for more information regarding ccar, stress testing, and capital and liquidity requirements, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters."
reputation risk:
damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business, including our competitive position and business prospects.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and employees is affected by our reputation. significant harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including officer, director, or employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, conflicts of interest, security breaches, litigation or regulatory outcomes, compensation practices, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, failing to address customer and agency complaints, compliance failures, unauthorized release of personal, proprietary or confidential information due to cyber-attacks or otherwise, perception of our environmental, social, and governance practices and disclosures, and the activities of our clients, customers, and counterparties, including vendors. actions by the financial service industry generally or by institutions or individuals in the industry can adversely affect our reputation indirectly by association. in addition, adverse publicity or negative information posted on social media, whether or not factually correct, may affect our business prospects. all of these could adversely affect our growth, results of operation, and financial condition.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements, and other information contained in this report. the forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements" and those set forth in item 1a.
executive overview acquisitions and divestitures in march 2023, huntington completed the sale of the rps business and entered into an ongoing partnership with the purchaser. the sale of our rps business resulted in a $57 million gain including associated goodwill allocation, recorded within other noninterest income.
in june 2022, huntington completed the acquisition of capstone partners, a top tier middle market investment bank and advisory firm. the transaction brings a national scale to serve middle market business owners throughout the corporate lifecycle, building on huntington's regional banking foundation. capstone partners related revenue, including mergers and acquisitions, capital raising and other advisory-related fees, is recognized within capital markets fees in the consolidated statements of income. for further information, refer to note 3 - "business combinations" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in may 2022, huntington completed the acquisition of torana, now known as huntington choicepay, a digital payments business focused on business to consumer payments. this acquisition, along with the formation of our enterprise-wide payments group, reflects one of our strategic priorities to accelerate our payments capabilities and expand the services provided to our customers.
in june 2021, huntington closed the acquisition of tcf financial corporation. tcf was a financial holding company headquartered in detroit, michigan with operations across the midwest. the acquisition brought increased scale and market density, as well as added new markets and capabilities. our operating results include the impact of tcf subsequent to the acquisition on june 9, 2021. for further information, refer to note 3 - "business combinations" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
reporting updates during the fourth quarter of 2023, we updated the presentation of our noninterest income categories to align product and service types more closely with how we strategically manage our business. for a description of each updated noninterest income revenue stream refer to note 15 - "revenue from contracts with customers" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
during the fourth quarter of 2023, we revised our ftp methodology for non-maturity deposits, which has been enhanced to consider the internally modeled weighted average life by non-maturity deposit type. in general, the impact of the ftp methodology revision resulted in a higher cost of funds allocation as compared with the previous method.
to align with our strategic priorities, during the second quarter of 2023, we completed an organizational realignment and now report on two business segments: consumer & regional banking and commercial banking. the treasury / other function includes technology and operations, and other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense. huntington's business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how management monitors results and assesses performance. the organizational realignment primarily involved consolidating our previously reported consumer and business banking, vehicle finance and rbhpcg, into one new business segment called consumer & regional banking.
huntington bancshares incorporated during the second quarter of 2023, we revised our process for assessing and monitoring the risk and performance of non-real estate secured commercial loans, primarily loans to reits. these loans were reclassified from commercial real estate to the commercial and industrial loan category to align reporting with this process revision.
for the reporting updates discussed above, prior period results have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.
2023 financial performance review selected financial data table 1 - selected year to date income statement data year ended december 31, change from 2022                                                                    change from 2021
(amounts in millions, except per share data)                         2023                       amount                    percent                        2022                       amount                    percent                        2021
interest income                                                $8,916                      $2,947                         49    %                  $5,969                      $1,778                         42    %                  $4,191
interest expense                                                3,477                       2,781                        400                          696                         607                        682                           89
net interest income                                             5,439                         166                          3                        5,273                       1,171                         29                        4,102
provision for credit losses                                       402                         113                         39                          289                         264                              nm                      25
net interest income after provision for credit losses           5,037                          53                          1                        4,984                         907                         22                        4,077
noninterest income                                              1,921                        (60)                        (3)                        1,981                          92                          5                        1,889
noninterest expense                                             4,574                         373                          9                        4,201                       (174)                        (4)                        4,375
income before income taxes                                      2,384                       (380)                       (14)                        2,764                       1,173                         74                        1,591
provision for income taxes                                        413                       (102)                       (20)                          515                         221                         75                          294
income after income taxes                                       1,971                       (278)                       (12)                        2,249                         952                         73                        1,297
income attributable to non-controlling interest                    20                           9                         82                           11                           9                              nm                       2
net income attributable to huntington bancshares inc            1,951                       (287)                       (13)                        2,238                         943                         73                        1,295
dividends on preferred shares                                     142                          29                         26                          113                        (18)                       (14)                          131
impact of preferred stock repurchases and redemptions             (8)                         (8)                              nm                       -                        (11)                              nm                      11
net income applicable to common shares                         $1,817                      $(308)                       (14)    %                  $2,125                        $972                         84    %                  $1,153
average common shares-basic                                     1,446                           5                          -    %                   1,441                         179                         14    %                   1,262
average common shares-diluted                                   1,468                           3                          -                        1,465                         178                         14                        1,287
net income per common share-basic                               $1.26                     $(0.21)                       (14)    %                   $1.47                       $0.56                         62    %                   $0.91
net income per common share-diluted                              1.24                      (0.21)                       (14)                         1.45                        0.55                         61                         0.90
cash dividends declared                                          0.62                           -                          -                         0.62                       0.015                          2                        0.605
revenue and net interest income-fte (non-gaap)
net interest income                                            $5,439                        $166                          3    %                  $5,273                      $1,171                         29    %                  $4,102
fte adjustment(1)                                                  42                          11                         35                           31                           6                         24                           25
net interest income, fte (non-gaap)(1)                          5,481                         177                          3                        5,304                       1,177                         29                        4,127
noninterest income                                              1,921                        (60)                        (3)                        1,981                          92                          5                        1,889
total revenue, fte (non-gaap)(1)                               $7,402                        $117                          2    %                  $7,285                      $1,269                         21    %                  $6,016
(1)    on an fte basis assuming a 21% tax rate.
in 2023, we reported net income of $2.0 billion, a $287 million, or 13%, decrease from the prior year. earnings per common share on a diluted basis for the year were $1.24, down 14% from the prior year. the current year reported net income was negatively impacted by the recognition of the fdic dif special assessment totaling $214 million, or $169 million after tax ($0.11 per common share), to recover the cost associated with protecting uninsured depositors as part of the 2023 bank failures and $69 million, or $55 million after tax ($0.04 per common share), of expense from staffing related initiatives and the consolidation of corporate locations. the prior year's reported net income was negatively impacted by acquisition-related expenses totaling $95 million, or $76 million after tax ($0.05 per common share).
2023 form 10-k net interest income for 2023 was $5.4 billion, up $166 million, or 3%, from 2022. fte net interest income, a non-gaap financial measure, increased $177 million, or 3%, from 2022. the increase in fte net interest income reflected an increase in earning asset yields and the benefit of a $8.3 billion, or 5%, increase in average earning assets, partially offset by higher cost of funds and a $15.3 billion, or 13%, increase in average interest-bearing liabilities. average earning asset growth included a $5.7 billion, or 5%, increase in loans and leases and a $4.5 billion, or 92%, increase in interest-earning deposits with banks, partially offset by a $1.4 billion, or 3%, decrease in average securities. the growth in average interest-bearing liabilities included a $10.1 billion, or 10%, increase in average interest-bearing deposits and a $5.2 billion, or 46%, increase in average borrowings.
the provision for credit losses increased $113 million, or 39%, to $402 million, primarily driven by a combination of loan and lease growth and modest overall acl coverage ratio builds throughout 2023 that is reflective of the current macroeconomic environment. the acl was $2.4 billion, or 1.97% of total loans and leases, at december 31, 2023, compared to $2.3 billion, or 1.90% of total loans and leases, at december 31, 2022.
noninterest income of $1.9 billion, decreased $60 million, or 3%, from the prior year primarily due to lower gain on sale of loans, customer deposit and loan fees, and mortgage banking income, in addition to $24 million of unfavorable mark-to-market on the pay-fixed swaptions program, partially offset by a $57 million gain on the sale of our rps business and increases in payments and cash management revenue and wealth and asset management revenue. noninterest expense of $4.6 billion, increased $373 million, or 9%, from the prior year primarily due to the fdic dif special assessment of $214 million and an increase in personnel costs, partially offset by a decrease in acquisition-related expenses.
total assets at december 31, 2023 were $189.4 billion, an increase of $6.5 billion, or 4%, compared to december 31, 2022. the increase in total assets was primarily driven by increases in interest-earning deposits with banks of $3.6 billion, or 71%, and loans and leases of $2.5 billion, or 2%. total liabilities at december 31, 2023 were $170.0 billion, an increase of $4.8 billion, or 3%, compared to december 31, 2022. the increase in total liabilities was primarily driven by increases in total deposits of $3.3 billion, or 2%, and borrowings of $1.3 billion, or 11%.
the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 6.14% at december 31, 2023, up 59 basis points from december 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in tangible common equity related to earnings, net of dividends, and a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss due in part from a modest decline in interest rates at year-end, partially offset by higher tangible assets. cet1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.25%, up from 9.36% at december 31, 2022. the increase in regulatory capital ratios was primarily driven by earnings and a decrease in risk-weighted assets, partially offset by dividends. the decrease in risk-weighted assets was largely driven by the synthetic crt related to an approximately $3 billion portfolio of on-balance sheet prime indirect auto loans.
business overview general our general business objectives are to:
•build on our vision to be the country's leading people-first, digitally powered bank;
•drive sustainable long-term revenue growth and efficiency;
•deliver a category of one customer experience through our distinguished brand and culture;
•extend our digital leadership with focus on ease of use, access to information, and self-service across products and services;
•leverage expertise and capabilities to acquire and deepen relationships and launching of select partnerships;
•maintain positive operating leverage and execute disciplined capital management; and
•provide stability and resilience through risk management, while maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite.
huntington bancshares incorporated economy inflation continues to trend lower while remaining at levels above the federal reserve's long run target. the federal reserve has shifted policy to a more balanced interest rate view and continues to further evaluate the impact of their monetary tightening and the overall health of the economy. the economy has continued to expand with fourth quarter of 2023 growth trending towards 2.0%. equity markets have remained buoyant anticipating easier policy from the federal reserve in 2024. further banking regulation has been delayed as recent regulatory proposals have been in their comment periods for an extended amount of time, with clarity on proposed amendments to the regulatory capital rule and long-term debt requirements for banks anticipated.
the consensus economic outlook assumes a soft landing through the first half of 2024 with modest growth in the second half of 2024. inflation is expected to continue to fall, approaching target levels of 2% by the third quarter of 2024, as the federal reserve actions will likely result in lower gdp growth and higher unemployment.
our 2023 results reflect the execution of our growth strategy and leveraging the strength of our balance sheet, delivered through sustained deposit growth, bolstered capabilities across our payments and other fee revenue areas, and expansion of our cet1. we have continued our disciplined management of credit consistent with our aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite. with our disciplined and proactive approach, we believe huntington is well positioned to manage through the uncertain economic outlook on the horizon. we remain focused on delivering profitable growth and driving value for our shareholders.
legislative and regulatory a comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in item 1: business - "regulatory matters" section of this form 10-k.
discussion of results of operations this section provides a review of financial performance on a consolidated basis. key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. all earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. for additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the "business segment discussion."
for a discussion of our results of operations for 2022 versus 2021, see "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" discussion of results of operations included in our 2022 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 17, 2023. in addition, discussion of our results of operations for 2022 versus 2021 for noninterest income and business segment discussion where prior period results have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation are included within this md&a.
average balance sheet / net interest income our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, leases, and securities), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is the net interest spread. noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders' equity, also support earning assets. the impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as "free" funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on an fte basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 21% tax rate.
2023 form 10-k table 2 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2022
average                     interest income                     yield/                        average                     interest income                     yield/                                   change from 2022 average balances
(dollar amounts in millions)                                  balances                           (fte) (1)                   rate (2)                       balances                           (fte) (1)                   rate (2)                          amount                             percent assets:
interest-earning deposits with banks                       $9,309                             $492                          5.30    %                    $4,852                              $83                          1.70    %                    $4,457                                  92     %
securities:
trading account securities                                     77                                4                          5.14                             32                                1                          4.14                             45                                 141
available-for-sale securities:
taxable                                                    20,539                            1,016                          4.95                         21,994                              576                          2.62                        (1,455)                                 (7)
tax-exempt                                                  2,720                              132                          4.84                          2,842                               94                          3.32                          (122)                                 (4)
total available-for-sale securities                        23,259                            1,148                          4.93                         24,836                              670                          2.70                        (1,577)                                 (6)
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                        16,507                              401                          2.43                         16,509                              351                          2.13                            (2)                                   -
other securities                                              933                               53                          5.70                            845                               27                          3.16                             88                                  10
total securities                                           40,776                            1,606                          3.94                         42,222                            1,049                          2.48                        (1,446)                                 (3)
loans held for sale                                           554                               35                          6.34                            973                               41                          4.24                          (419)                                (43)
loans and leases: (3)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                  49,640                            2,991                          6.03                         45,362                            1,956                          4.31                          4,278                                   9
commercial real estate                                     13,140                              972                          7.40                         13,524                              602                          4.45                          (384)                                 (3)
lease financing                                             5,128                              289                          5.63                          4,974                              251                          5.04                            154                                   3
total commercial                                           67,908                            4,252                          6.26                         63,860                            2,809                          4.40                          4,048                                   6
consumer:
residential mortgage                                       22,990                              825                          3.59                         20,907                              661                          3.16                          2,083                                  10
automobile                                                 12,881                              561                          4.36                         13,454                              472                          3.51                          (573)                                 (4)
home equity                                                10,156                              760                          7.48                         10,409                              532                          5.11                          (253)                                 (2)
rv and marine                                               5,650                              271                          4.79                          5,322                              227                          4.26                            328                                   6
other consumer                                              1,362                              156                         11.53                          1,314                              126                          9.51                             48                                   4
total consumer                                             53,039                            2,573                          4.85                         51,406                            2,018                          3.92                          1,633                                   3
total loans and leases                                    120,947                            6,825                          5.64                        115,266                            4,827                          4.19                          5,681                                   5
total earning assets                                      171,586                            8,958                          5.22                        163,313                            6,000                          3.67                          8,273                                   5
cash and due from banks                                     1,576                                                                                         1,666                                                                                          (90)                                 (5)
goodwill and other intangible assets                        5,731                                                                                         5,688                                                                                            43                                   1
all other assets                                           10,850                                                                                        10,184                                                                                           666                                   7
allowance for loan and lease losses                       (2,187)                                                                                       (2,083)                                                                                         (104)                                 (5)
total assets                                             $187,556                                                                                      $178,768                                                                                        $8,788                                   5     %
liabilities and shareholders' equity:
interest-bearing deposits:
demand deposits-interest-bearing                          $39,826                             $702                          1.76    %                   $41,779                             $158                          0.38    %                  $(1,953)                                 (5)     %
money market deposits                                      40,401                            1,135                          2.81                         33,733                              112                          0.33                          6,668                                  20
savings and other domestic deposits                        18,345                               23                          0.13                         21,316                                5                          0.02                        (2,971)                                (14)
core certificates of deposit (4)                            9,780                              390                          3.99                          2,439                               12                          0.50                          7,341                                 301
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more                   354                               13                          3.56                            233                                1                          0.47                            121                                  52
negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits                 4,697                              234                          4.98                          3,838                               75                          1.96                            859                                  22
total interest-bearing deposits                           113,403                            2,497                          2.20                        103,338                              363                          0.35                         10,065                                  10
short-term borrowings                                       3,081                              179                          5.81                          2,485                               46                          1.86                            596                                  24
long-term debt                                             13,324                              801                          6.01                          8,724                              287                          3.29                          4,600                                  53
total interest-bearing liabilities                        129,808                            3,477                          2.68                        114,547                              696                          0.61                         15,261                                  13
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                        33,985                                                                                        41,574                                                                                       (7,589)                                (18)
all other liabilities                                       5,080                                                                                         4,353                                                                                           727                                  17
total liabilities                                         168,873                                                                                       160,474                                                                                         8,399                                   5
total huntington shareholders' equity                      18,634                                                                                        18,263                                                                                           371                                   2
non-controlling interest                                       49                                                                                            31                                                                                            18                                        58
total equity                                               18,683                                                                                        18,294                                                                                           389                                   2
total liabilities and shareholders' equity               $187,556                                                                                      $178,768                                                                                        $8,788                                   5     %
net interest rate spread                                                                                                    2.54                                                                                          3.06
impact of noninterest-bearing funds on margin                                                                               0.65                                                                                          0.19
net interest margin/nii (fte)                                                               $5,481                          3.19    %                                                     $5,304                          3.25    %
(1)fte yields are calculated assuming a 21% tax rate.
(2)yield/rates include the impact of applicable derivatives. loan and lease and deposit average yield/rates also include impact of applicable non-deferrable and amortized fees.
(3)for purposes of this analysis, nals are reflected in the average balances of loans and leases.
(4)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
huntington bancshares incorporated table 2 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis (continued)
year ended december 31,
2022                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2021
average                     interest income                     yield/                        average                     interest income                     yield/                                   change from 2021 average balances
(dollar amounts in millions)                                  balances                           (fte) (1)                   rate (2)                       balances                           (fte) (1)                   rate (2)                          amount                             percent assets:
interest-earning deposits with banks                       $4,852                              $83                          1.70    %                    $8,501                              $12                          0.13    %                  $(3,649)                                (43)     %
securities:
trading account securities                                     32                                1                          4.14                             50                                1                          3.32                           (18)                                (36)
available-for-sale securities:
taxable                                                    21,994                              576                          2.62                         19,767                              261                          1.32                          2,227                                  11
tax-exempt                                                  2,842                               94                          3.32                          2,916                               71                          2.42                           (74)                                 (3)
total available-for-sale securities                        24,836                              670                          2.70                         22,683                              332                          1.46                          2,153                                   9
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                        16,509                              351                          2.13                         10,000                              174                          1.74                          6,509                                  65
other securities                                              845                               27                          3.16                            556                               10                          1.75                            289                                  52
total securities                                           42,222                            1,049                          2.48                         33,289                              517                          1.55                          8,933                                  27
loans held for sale                                           973                               41                          4.24                          1,398                               41                          2.96                          (425)                                (30)
loans and leases: (3)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                  45,362                            1,956                          4.31                         38,294                            1,476                          3.86                          7,068                                  18
commercial real estate                                     13,524                              602                          4.45                         10,016                              332                          3.31                          3,508                                  35
lease financing                                             4,974                              251                          5.04                          3,739                              186                          4.98                          1,235                                  33
total commercial                                           63,860                            2,809                          4.40                         52,049                            1,994                          3.83                         11,811                                  23
consumer:
residential mortgage                                       20,907                              661                          3.16                         15,953                              479                          3.00                          4,954                                  31
automobile                                                 13,454                              472                          3.51                         13,008                              471                          3.62                            446                                   3
home equity                                                10,409                              532                          5.11                         10,018                              391                          3.90                            391                                   4
rv and marine                                               5,322                              227                          4.26                          4,672                              199                          4.27                            650                                  14
other consumer                                              1,314                              126                          9.51                          1,118                              112                         10.04                            196                                  18
total consumer                                             51,406                            2,018                          3.92                         44,769                            1,652                          3.69                          6,637                                  15
total loans and leases                                    115,266                            4,827                          4.19                         96,818                            3,646                          3.77                         18,448                                  19
total earning assets                                      163,313                            6,000                          3.67                        140,006                            4,216                          3.01                         23,307                                  17
cash and due from banks                                     1,666                                                                                         1,356                                                                                           310                                  23
goodwill and other intangible assets                        5,688                                                                                         4,108                                                                                         1,580                                  38
all other assets                                           10,184                                                                                         8,804                                                                                         1,380                                  16
allowance for loan and lease losses                       (2,083)                                                                                       (1,993)                                                                                          (90)                                 (5)
total assets                                             $178,768                                                                                      $152,281                                                                                       $26,487                                  17     %
liabilities and shareholders' equity:
interest-bearing deposits:
demand deposits-interest-bearing                          $41,779                             $158                          0.38    %                   $32,708                              $12                          0.04    %                    $9,071                                  28     %
money market deposits                                      33,733                              112                          0.33                         30,039                               21                          0.07                          3,694                                  12
savings and other domestic deposits                        21,316                                5                          0.02                         17,357                                5                          0.03                          3,959                                  23
core certificates of deposit (4)                            2,439                               12                          0.50                          2,368                                1                          0.03                             71                                   3
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more                   233                                1                          0.47                            353                                1                          0.21                          (120)                                (34)
negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits                 3,838                               75                          1.96                          3,525                                5                          0.16                            313                                   9
total interest-bearing deposits                           103,338                              363                          0.35                         86,350                               45                          0.05                         16,988                                  20
short-term borrowings                                       2,485                               46                          1.86                            278                                1                          0.20                          2,207                                 794
long-term debt (5)                                          8,724                              287                          3.29                          7,479                               43                          0.57                          1,245                                  17
total interest-bearing liabilities                        114,547                              696                          0.61                         94,107                               89                          0.09                         20,440                                  22
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                        41,574                                                                                        37,960                                                                                         3,614                                  10
all other liabilities                                       4,353                                                                                         3,205                                                                                         1,148                                  36
total liabilities                                         160,474                                                                                       135,272                                                                                        25,202                                  19
total huntington shareholders' equity                      18,263                                                                                        16,997                                                                                         1,266                                   7
non-controlling interest                                       31                                                                                            12                                                                                            19                                 158
total equity                                               18,294                                                                                        17,009                                                                                         1,285                                   8
total liabilities and shareholders' equity               $178,768                                                                                      $152,281                                                                                       $26,487                                  17     %
net interest rate spread                                                                                                    3.06                                                                                          2.92
impact of noninterest-bearing funds on margin                                                                               0.19                                                                                          0.03
net interest margin/nii (fte)                                                               $5,304                          3.25    %                                                     $4,127                          2.95    %
(1)fte yields are calculated assuming a 21% tax rate.
(2)average yield rates include the impact of applicable derivatives. loan and lease and deposit average yield rates also include impact of applicable non-deferrable and amortized fees.
(3)for purposes of this analysis, nals are reflected in the average balances of loans and leases.
(4)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
(5)reflects the benefit of $89 million mark-to-market of interest rate caps for 2021. there was no impact for 2022.
2023 form 10-k the following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:
table 3 - change in net interest income due to changes in average volume and interest rates (1)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2022
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                       increase (decrease) from                                                                    increase (decrease) from previous year due to                                                                        previous year due to fte basis (2)                                                        volume                          yield/                           total                        volume                        yield/                           total rate                                                                                        rate loans and leases                                                  $248                          $1,750                          $1,998                          $744                          $437                          $1,181
investment securities                                             (38)                             595                             557                           165                           367                             532
other earning assets                                               129                             274                             403                          (30)                           101                              71
total interest income from earning assets                          339                           2,619                           2,958                           879                           905                           1,784
deposits                                                            39                           2,095                           2,134                            11                           307                             318
short-term borrowings                                               13                             120                             133                            30                            15                              45
long-term debt                                                     200                             314                             514                             8                           236                             244
total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities             252                           2,529                           2,781                            49                           558                             607
net interest income                                                $87                             $90                            $177                          $830                          $347                          $1,177
(1)the change in interest income or expense due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
(2)calculated assuming a 21% tax rate.
net interest income net interest income for 2023 increased $166 million, or 3%, from 2022. fte net interest income, a non-gaap financial measure, for 2023 increased $177 million, or 3%, from 2022. the increase in fte net interest income reflected an increase in yields on loans and leases and investment securities and an $8.3 billion, or 5%, increase in average total earning assets, partially offset by higher cost of funds and a $15.3 billion, or 13%, increase in average interest-bearing liabilities.
net interest income for 2023 included $30 million of net interest income from purchase accounting accretion, compared to $61 million and $21 million from purchase accounting accretion and accelerated ppp loan fees recognized upon forgiveness payments from the sba, respectively, in 2022.
average balance sheet average assets of $187.6 billion for 2023 increased $8.8 billion, or 5%, from 2022, primarily due to increases in average loans and leases of $5.7 billion, or 5%, and average interest-earning deposits with banks of $4.5 billion, or 92%, partially offset by a decrease in average total securities of $1.4 billion, or 3%. the increase in average loans and leases was driven by growth in average commercial loans and leases of $4.0 billion, or 6%, and average consumer loans of $1.6 billion, or 3%.
average liabilities for 2023 increased $8.4 billion, or 5%, from 2022, primarily due to increases in average borrowings and deposits. average borrowings increased $5.2 billion, or 46%, driven by new debt issuances and higher fhlb borrowings reflecting actions taken as part of ongoing management of funding needs. total average deposits increased $2.5 billion, or 2%, primarily due to an increase in average interest-bearing deposits of $10.1 billion, or 10%, largely due to increases in average certificates of deposits and money market deposits, partially offset by a decrease in average noninterest-bearing deposits of $7.6 billion, or 18%.
average shareholders' equity for 2023 increased $371 million, or 2%, from 2022 primarily due to earnings net of dividends, a reduction in average accumulated other comprehensive loss driven by changes in interest rates, and the net issuance of preferred stock.
huntington bancshares incorporated provision for credit losses
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "credit risk" section.)
the provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the acl at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses expected over the life of the loan and lease portfolio, securities portfolio, and unfunded lending commitments.
the provision for credit losses in 2023 was $402 million, an increase of $113 million, or 39%, from 2022. the increase in provision expense over the prior year was driven by a combination of loan and lease growth and modest overall acl coverage ratio builds throughout 2023 that is reflective of the current macroeconomic environment.
the components of the provision for credit losses were as follows:
table 4 - provision for credit losses year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                               2023                                                                              2022                  2021
provision for loan and lease losses                   $407                                                                                $212                  $(1)
provision for unfunded lending commitments             (5)                                                                                  73                    26
provision for securities                                 -                                                                                   4                     -
total provision for credit losses                     $402                                                                                $289                   $25
noninterest income the following table reflects noninterest income for each of the periods presented:
table 5 - noninterest income year ended december 31, change from 2022                                                           change from 2021
(dollar amounts in millions)                             2023                  amount                    percent                    2022                  amount                    percent                    2021
payments and cash management revenue                 $585                    $24                          4    %                 $561                   $60                         12    %                 $501
wealth and asset management revenue                   328                     28                          9                       300                    31                         12                       269
customer deposit and loan fees                        312                   (38)                       (11)                       350                    40                         13                       310
capital markets and advisory fees                     248                   (17)                        (6)                       265                   109                         70                       156
leasing revenue                                       112                   (14)                       (11)                       126                    27                         27                        99
mortgage banking income                               109                   (35)                       (24)                       144                 (165)                            (53)                  309
insurance income                                       74                    (5)                        (6)                        79                   (3)                        (4)                        82
bank owned life insurance income                       66                     10                         18                        56                  (13)                       (19)                        69
gain on sale of loans                                  14                   (43)                       (75)                        57                    48                              nm                    9
net gains (losses) on sales of securities             (7)                    (7)                              nm                    -                   (9)                              nm                    9
other noninterest income                               80                     37                         86                        43                  (33)                       (43)                        76
total noninterest income                           $1,921                  $(60)                        (3)    %               $1,981                   $92                          5    %               $1,889
2023 noninterest income was $1.9 billion, a decrease of $60 million, or 3%, from the prior year. gain on sale of loans decreased $43 million, or 75%, primarily resulting from the strategic decision to retain the guaranteed portion of sba loans at origination. customer deposit and loan fees decreased $38 million, or 11%, primarily due to program changes and a reduction in loan commitment fees. mortgage banking income decreased $35 million, or 24%, primarily reflecting lower secondary marketing spreads and lower salable volume. capital markets and advisory fees decreased $17 million, or 6%, primarily due to lower interest rate derivative and trading fees, partially offset by an increase in advisory fees. partially offsetting these decreases, other noninterest income increased $37 million, or 86%, primarily due to a $57 million gain on the sale of our rps business, including associated goodwill allocation, partially offset by $24 million of unfavorable mark-to-market related to the pay-fixed swaptions program. wealth and asset management revenue increased $28 million, or 9%, primarily due to an increase in annuity commissions. payments and cash management revenue increased $24 million, or 4%, primarily due to higher debit and credit card transaction revenue.

2022 noninterest income was $2.0 billion, an increase of $92 million, or 5%, from the prior year. capital markets and advisory fees increased $109 million, or 70%, primarily reflecting higher advisory fees supported by the impact of capstone partners acquisition, in addition to an increase in syndication, foreign exchange, and interest rate derivative fees. payments and cash management revenue increased $60 million, or 12%, primarily due to the full-period impact on volume due to tcf customers, partially offset by program changes. gain on sale of loans increased $48 million primarily due to sales of sba loans during the first through third quarters of 2022. customer deposit and loan fees increased $40 million, or 13%, primarily due to the full-period impact on volume due to tcf customers, partially offset by the impact from program changes. wealth and asset management revenue increased $31 million, or 12%, primarily due to the full-period impact of the tcf acquisition and an increase in sales. leasing revenue increased $27 million, or 27%, primarily due to the full-period impact of the tcf acquisition. partially offsetting these decreases, mortgage banking income decreased $165 million, or 53%, primarily reflecting lower salable volume and secondary marketing spreads and bank owned life insurance decreased $13 million, or 19%, primarily due to valuation adjustments and lower benefit claims.
noninterest expense the following table reflects noninterest expense for each of the periods presented:
table 6 - noninterest expense year ended december 31, change from 2022                                                                           change from 2021
(dollar amounts in millions)                                       2023                        amount                       percent                            2022                          amount                    percent                    2021
personnel costs                                             $2,529                          $128                             5    %                     $2,401                             $66                          3    %               $2,335
outside data processing and other services                     605                           (5)                           (1)                             610                           (240)                       (28)                       850
deposit and other insurance expense                            302                           235                                 nm                         67                              16                         31                        51
equipment                                                      263                           (6)                           (2)                             269                              21                          8                       248
net occupancy                                                  246                             -                             -                             246                            (31)                       (11)                       277
marketing                                                      115                            24                            26                              91                               2                          2                        89
professional services                                           99                            22                            29                              77                            (36)                       (32)                       113
amortization of intangibles                                     50                           (3)                           (6)                              53                               5                         10                        48
lease financing equipment depreciation                          27                          (18)                          (40)                              45                               4                         10                        41
other noninterest expense                                      338                           (4)                           (1)                             342                              19                          6                       323
total noninterest expense                                   $4,574                          $373                             9    %                     $4,201                          $(174)                        (4)    %               $4,375
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)          19,955                            35                             -    %                     19,920                           1,478                          8    %               18,442
noninterest expense was $4.6 billion, an increase of $373 million, or 9%, from the prior year. deposit and other insurance expense increased $235 million primarily due to the fdic dif special assessment of $214 million and the 2 basis point higher base assessment rate enacted for the banking industry at the beginning of 2023. personnel costs increased $128 million, or 5%, primarily due to $52 million of expense related to staffing efficiency initiatives, the impact of merit increases, and the impact of the capstone partners acquisition, partially offset by $8 million of acquisition-related expenses recognized in the prior year. marketing expense increased $24 million, or 26%, primarily reflecting actions taken to deepen and acquire new customer relationships. professional services expense increased $22 million, or 29%, primarily due to an increase in consulting fees related to regulatory and scale initiatives. partially offsetting these increases, lease financing equipment depreciation decreased $18 million, or 40%, and outside data processing and other services decreased $5 million, or 1%, primarily due to a decrease of $41 million in acquisition-related expenses, partially offset by higher technology investments. net occupancy remained unchanged as corporate real estate and branch consolidation expenses and a decrease in gain on sale of fixed assets were offset by $32 million in acquisition-related expenses recognized in the prior year.
huntington bancshares incorporated provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 - "significant accounting policies" and note 18 - "income taxes" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the provision for income taxes was $413 million for 2023, compared with $515 million in 2022. the effective tax rates for 2023 and 2022 were 17.3% and 18.6%, respectively. both years included the benefits from general business credits, tax-exempt income, tax-exempt bank owned life insurance income and investments in qualified affordable housing projects. the decrease in the effective tax rate was largely due to lower pretax income, higher general business credits and an increase in discrete tax benefits, partially offset by capital losses recognized in 2022.
the net federal deferred tax asset was $616 million, and the net state deferred tax asset was $94 million at december 31, 2023. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, there was no valuation allowance on federal deferred taxes. in 2023, a decrease of $1 million in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal tax effect, was recorded for the portion of state deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized, compared to a decrease of $3 million, net of federal tax effect, in 2022.
risk management and capital risk governance risk awareness, identification and assessment, reporting, and active management are key elements in overall risk management. controls include, among other, effective segregation of duties, access management, and authorization and reconciliation procedures, as well as staff education and a disciplined assessment process.
we use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. it begins with the board of directors, which has defined our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle. this does not preclude engagement in select higher risk activities. rather, the definition is intended to represent an aggregate view of where we want our overall risk to be managed.
three board committees primarily oversee implementation and monitoring of the risk appetite:
•our risk oversight committee assists the board in overseeing management of material risks, the approval and monitoring of our capital position and plan that aligns to our overall aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite, the risk governance structure, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and determining adherence to the board's stated risk appetite. the roc has oversight responsibility of our key risk exposures: credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, strategic, and reputational. both our chief risk officer and credit review director report directly to the roc. this committee also oversees our capital management and planning process, ensures that the amount and quality of capital are adequate in relation to expected and unexpected risks, and that our capital levels exceed "well-capitalized" requirements.
•our technology committee assists our board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to all technology and cybersecurity strategies and plans. the technology committee is charged with evaluating huntington's capability to properly perform all technology functions necessary for its business plan, including projected growth, technology capacity, planning, operational execution, product development, and management capacity. our technology committee provides oversight of technology investments and plans to drive efficiency as well as to meet defined standards for risk, information security, and redundancy. our technology committee oversees the allocation of technology costs and ensures that they are understood by the board. our technology committee monitors and evaluates innovation and technology trends that may affect our strategic plans, including monitoring of overall industry trends. the technology committee reviews and provides oversight of our continuity and disaster recovery planning and preparedness.

•our audit committee oversees the integrity of the consolidated financial statements, including policies, procedures, and practices regarding the preparation of financial statements, the financial reporting process, disclosures, and internal control over financial reporting. the audit committee also provides assistance to our board in overseeing the internal audit department and the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence; compliance with our financial code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers; compliance with corporate securities trading policies; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and financial risk exposures in coordination with the roc.
our audit and risk oversight committees routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. on a periodic basis, the two committees meet in joint session to cover matters relevant to both, such as the construct and appropriateness of the acl, which is reviewed quarterly. all directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all directors.
our risk oversight and technology committees hold joint sessions to cover matters relevant to both such as cybersecurity and it risk and control projects and risk assessments.
further, through our human resources and compensation committee, our board seeks to ensure its overall compensation programs are balanced and align the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. we utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and certain members of senior management, equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.
management has implemented an enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework. critically important is our self-assessment process, in which each first-line business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. the segment analyses are combined with assessments by our second-line risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, and reputation) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. outcomes of the process include a determination of the quality of the overall control environment, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the board's defined risk appetite.
management also utilizes a wide range of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the company. in general, thresholds for each metric are established, which allows the company to operate within an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite. deviations from the thresholds will indicate if the risk being measured exceeds desired tolerance, which may then necessitate corrective action.
we also have executive level committees to manage and oversee risk, including: alco, credit policy and strategy, risk management, and capital management. each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. we believe this structure helps ensure appropriate escalation of issues and overall communication of strategies.
huntington utilizes three lines of defense with regard to risk management: (1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. to induce greater ownership of risk within our business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded in the business to identify and monitor risk, elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the self-assessment process. corporate risk management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, oversees first-line risk-taking activity, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. the chief risk officer has significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans. internal audit and credit review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.
huntington classifies/aggregates risk into seven risk pillars. huntington recognizes that risks can be interrelated or embedded within each other, and therefore managing across risk pillars is a key component of the framework. the following defines the company's risk pillars:
•credit risk, which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial obligations under agreed upon terms;
•market risk, which occurs when fluctuations in interest rates impact earnings and capital. financial impacts are realized through changes in the interest rates of balance sheet assets and liabilities (net interest margin) or directly through valuation changes of capitalized msr and/or trading assets (noninterest income);
huntington bancshares incorporated
•liquidity risk, which is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due. liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. liquidity risk also results from the failure to recognize or address changes in market conditions that affect our ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimal loss in value;
•operational risk, which is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, including information security breaches or cyberattacks, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational losses result from internal fraud, external fraud, inadequate or inappropriate employment practices and workplace safety, failure to meet professional obligations involving customers, products, and business practices, damage to physical assets, business disruption and systems failures, and failures in execution, delivery, and process management;
•compliance risk, which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions, or other sanctions as a result of non-conformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry;
•strategic risk, which is defined as risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or enterprise value arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to industry / market changes; and
•reputation risk, which is the risk that negative publicity regarding an institution's business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
a comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the risk factors section included in item 1a: risk factors and the "regulatory matters" section of item 1: business of this form 10-k.
some of the more significant processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following sections.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. we also have credit risk associated with our investment securities portfolios (see note 4 - "investment securities and other securities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements). we engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. a variety of derivative financial instruments, principally interest rate swaps, caps, swaptions, swaption collars, floors, forward contracts, and forward starting interest rate swaps are used in asset and liability management activities to protect against the risk of adverse price or interest rate movements. we also use derivatives, principally loan sale commitments, in hedging our mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale. while there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we focus on the early identification, monitoring, and management of all aspects of our credit risk. in addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. our ongoing expansion of portfolio management resources is central to our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite. in our efforts to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers.
2023 form 10-k the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. authority to grant commitments sits with the independent credit administration function, with limited exceptions, and is closely monitored and regularly updated. concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type, industry, and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to consumer and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. each of these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.
the checks and balances in the credit process and the separation of the credit administration and risk management functions are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. for example, we do not extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position.
loan and lease credit exposure mix at december 31, 2023, our loans and leases totaled $122.0 billion, representing a $2.5 billion, or 2%, increase compared to $119.5 billion at december 31, 2022.
the table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:
table 7 - loan and lease portfolio composition at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                           2023                                                  2022
commercial:
commercial and industrial               $50,657                      42   %                   $48,121                      41   %
commercial real estate                   12,422                      10                        13,640                      11
lease financing                           5,228                       4                         5,252                       4
total commercial                         68,307                      56                        67,013                      56
consumer:
residential mortgage                     23,720                      20                        22,226                      19
automobile                               12,482                      10                        13,154                      11
home equity                              10,113                       8                        10,375                       9
rv and marine                             5,899                       5                         5,376                       4
other consumer                            1,461                       1                         1,379                       1
total consumer                           53,675                      44                        52,510                      44
total loans and leases                 $121,982                     100   %                  $119,523                     100   %
huntington bancshares incorporated total commercial loans and leases were $68.3 billion at december 31, 2023 and represented 56% of our total loan and lease credit exposure at that date. our commercial loan portfolio is diversified by product type, customer size, and geography, and is comprised of the following (see commercial credit discussion):
c&i - c&i loans are made to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects, and to institutional sponsors supporting reits. we focus on borrowers doing business within our geographic markets. c&i loans are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. the financing of owner-occupied facilities is considered a c&i loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral. this treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. the operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary repayment source for these types of loans. as we have expanded our c&i portfolio, we have developed a series of "vertical specialties" to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized commercial lending area with designated, experienced credit officers. these specialties are comprised of either targeted industries (for example, healthcare, technology & telecom, finance and insurance, etc.) and/or lending disciplines (equipment finance, distribution finance, asset-based lending, etc.), all of which requires a high degree of expertise and oversight to effectively mitigate and monitor risk. as such, we have dedicated colleagues and teams focused on bringing value-added expertise to these specialty customers.
cre - the cre portfolio includes both cre commercial and cre construction loans. cre commercial loans are loans to developers. we mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service requirement. these loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property. appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements and our credit policies. cre construction loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. our cre construction portfolio primarily consists of multi-family, retail, and warehouse property types. generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been pre-sold or pre-leased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. these loans are managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.
lease financing - lease financing products are designed to address the diverse financing needs of small to large companies primarily for the acquisition of equipment. our lease financing portfolio will utilize a variety of origination partners and third-party sources including equipment manufacturers, dealers, or vendors set up under program structures to generate transactions from a nationwide footprint. high level business lines comprise of industrial finance, specialty finance, healthcare finance, technology finance, and specialized transportation, franchise, & government.
2023 form 10-k total consumer loans were $53.7 billion at december 31, 2023 and represented 44% of our total loan and lease credit exposure at that date. the consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of residential mortgages, automobile loans, home equity loans and lines-of-credit, and rv and marine finance (see consumer credit discussion).
residential mortgage - residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence. these loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. all residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. huntington has not originated or acquired residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
automobile - automobile loans are comprised primarily of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in selected states outside of our primary banking markets. the exposure outside of our core footprint states represents 17% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 6%. applications are underwritten using an automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.
home equity - home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. this type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower's residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance existing mortgage debt. products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period. the home equity line of credit converts to a 20-year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. the home equity underwriting criteria is based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios, with current collateral valuations. the underwriting for the floating rate lines of credit also incorporates a stress analysis for rising interest rates.
rv and marine - rv and marine loans are loans provided to consumers for the purpose of financing recreational vehicles and boats. loans are originated on an indirect basis through a series of dealerships across 35 states. the loans are underwritten centrally using an application and decisioning system similar to automobile loans. the current portfolio includes 24% of the balances within our core footprint states.
other consumer - other consumer loans primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including credit cards, personal unsecured loans, and overdraft balances. we originate these products within our established set of credit policies and guidelines.
our loan and lease portfolio is a managed mix of consumer and commercial credits. we manage the overall credit exposure and portfolio composition via a credit concentration policy. the policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned maximum exposure limits as a percentage of capital. commercial lending by naics categories, specific limits for cre project types, loans secured by residential real estate, large dollar exposures, and designated high risk loan categories represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. there are no identified concentrations that exceed the assigned exposure limit. our concentration management policy is approved by the roc and is used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk appetite. changes to existing concentration limits, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics, require the approval of the roc prior to implementation.
huntington bancshares incorporated the table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by industry type. the changes in the industry composition from december 31, 2022 are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics.
table 8 - loan and lease portfolio by industry type                                                                                    at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                         2023                                         2022
commercial loans and leases:
real estate and rental and leasing (1)                                      $15,897                13   %                $16,310                14   %
retail trade (2)                                                             11,417                 9                      9,894                 8
manufacturing                                                                 7,183                 6                      7,809                 7
finance and insurance (1)                                                     5,025                 4                      5,005                 4
health care and social assistance (1)                                         4,464                 4                      4,293                 4
wholesale trade                                                               3,647                 3                      3,922                 3
accommodation and food services                                               3,107                 3                      3,335                 3
transportation and warehousing                                                3,107                 3                      3,246                 3
utilities                                                                     2,533                 2                      1,298                 1
professional, scientific, and technical services                              2,035                 2                      1,899                 2
other services                                                                1,864                 2                      2,097                 2
construction                                                                  1,738                 1                      1,757                 1
admin./support/waste mgmt. and remediation services                           1,498                 1                      1,370                 1
arts, entertainment, and recreation                                           1,366                 1                      1,424                 1
information                                                                   1,291                 1                      1,167                 1
public administration                                                           704                 1                        667                 1
agriculture, forestry, fishing, and hunting                                     454                 -                        455                 -
educational services                                                            448                 -                        513                 -
management of companies and enterprises                                         122                 -                        127                 -
mining, quarrying, and oil and gas extraction                                   102                 -                        196                 -
unclassified/other                                                              305                 -                        229                 -
total commercial loans and leases by industry category                       68,307                56                     67,013                56
residential mortgage                                                         23,720                20                     22,226                19
automobile                                                                   12,482                10                     13,154                11
home equity                                                                  10,113                 8                     10,375                 9
rv and marine                                                                 5,899                 5                      5,376                 4
other consumer loans                                                          1,461                 1                      1,379                 1
total loans and leases                                                     $121,982               100   %               $119,523               100   %
(1)    non-real estate secured commercial loans to reits, which are classified in the c&i loan category, are included in the real estate, finance and insurance, and health care industry types.
(2)    amounts include $3.3 billion and $2.3 billion of auto dealer services loans at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively.
2023 form 10-k commercial credit the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. we require the signature approval of both the appropriate line of business leaders and independent credit executives. the risk rating, credit exposure amount, and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval. credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions and have the primary credit authority, with the exception of small business loans. for small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. in this centralized decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities in which we operate. in addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan.
in commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. we monitor all significant exposures. all commercial credit extensions are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower's pd and lgd. this two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. the pd is rated and applied at the borrower level. the lgd is rated and applied based on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. the internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic monitoring event. there is also extensive macro-portfolio management analysis. we review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio. a centralized portfolio management function monitors and reports on the performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.
in addition to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and risk of new loan originations. this group is part of our risk management area and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, and test the consistency of credit processes.
our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. on an at least annual basis, we consider, among other things, the guarantor's reputation and creditworthiness, where available, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth. our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our acl methodology. when a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is considered in the determination of a credit loss.
if our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength yields an inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully.
substantially all loans categorized as classified (see note 5 - "loans and leases" of the notes to consolidated financial statements) are managed by frg. frg is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the classified loan portfolio.
c&i portfolio we manage the risks inherent in the c&i portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan-level and portfolio-level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. our origination policies for the c&i portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as ltv and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable.
huntington bancshares incorporated the c&i portfolio continues to have solid origination activity while we maintain a focus on high quality originations. we continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential credit outcomes. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
cre portfolio we manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to cre lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics associated with each project. generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 120% of required interest and principal payments, and (3) if the commercial real estate is non-owner occupied, require that pre-leasing generates break-even interest-only debt service. we actively monitor property-type concentrations and both geographic and property-type performance metrics of all cre loan types, with a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the cre portfolio.
dedicated real estate professionals originate and manage the portfolio. the portfolio is diversified by property-type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
the following tables present our commercial real estate portfolio by property-type and geographic location.
table 9 - commercial real estate portfolio by property-type at december 31, 2023                                                                            at december 31, 2022
(dollar amounts in millions)                              amount by property-type                        % of total loans and leases                      amount by property-type                        % of total loans and leases multi-family                                                     $4,708                                                4           %                             $4,701                                                4           %
warehouse/industrial                                              2,029                                                2                                          2,256                                                2
office                                                            1,825                                                1                                          2,167                                                2
retail                                                            1,725                                                1                                          1,841                                                1
hotel                                                               938                                                1                                          1,186                                                1
other                                                             1,197                                                1                                          1,489                                                1
total commercial real estate loans and leases                   $12,422                                               10           %                            $13,640                                               11           %
table 10 - commercial real estate portfolio by geographic location at december 31, 2023                                                                               at december 31, 2022
(dollar amounts in millions)                               amount by location (1)                       % of total cre loans and leases                       amount by location (1)                       % of total cre loans and leases michigan                                                         $2,498                                                 20            %                             $3,005                                                 22            %
ohio                                                              2,364                                                 19                                           2,674                                                 20
illinois                                                            904                                                  7                                             872                                                  6
florida                                                             733                                                  6                                             807                                                  6
texas                                                               605                                                  5                                             633                                                  5
minnesota                                                           462                                                  4                                             496                                                  4
wisconsin                                                           407                                                  3                                             431                                                  3
colorado                                                            398                                                  3                                             501                                                  4
virginia                                                            393                                                  3                                             138                                                  1
georgia                                                             368                                                  3                                             548                                                  4
other                                                             3,290                                                 27                                           3,535                                                 25
total commercial real estate loans and leases                   $12,422                                                100            %                            $13,640                                                100            %
(1)geographic location based on location of underlying collateral.
2023 form 10-k appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as-needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements and to ensure appropriate decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing market conditions. appraisals are obtained from approved vendors and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting process. we continue to perform on-going portfolio level reviews within the cre portfolio. these reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or leasing revenues associated with the projects being reviewed. this highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of cre project lending and the market environment.
following the covid-19 pandemic, remote work options have led to increased vacancy rates and underutilization of office space across the country. our office portfolio, which is predominantly suburban and multi-tenant loans, totaled $1.8 billion, or 1%, of total loans and leases, as of december 31, 2023. we have established acl reserves of approximately 10% for our office portfolio. at december 31, 2023, there was $25 million of outstanding balances in the office portfolio that were 30 or more days past due.
lease financing we manage the risks inherent in the lease financing portfolio through external consumer and business credit scoring solutions, internally developed custom probability of default and loss given default models, continuous portfolio risk management activities, and equipment and customer diversification. our origination policies are aligned by transaction size with increased use of the personal guarantee of principals and external credit scoring tools for smaller transactions and expanded financial analysis and reporting requirements for larger transactions. our program focuses on high-quality manufacturer, distributor, vendor, or third party originations sources with in-depth partner diligence. the lease financing group may use manufacturer loss risk share programs that provide additional transaction support, but the origination strategy prioritizes strong customer financial condition.
high level business lines are comprised of industrial finance, specialty finance, healthcare finance, technology finance, and specialized transportation, franchise, and government with multiple segments under each main line. we also have specific equipment types or industries designated as low tolerance with additional front-end guidance and diligence requirements. subsequent to the origination of the lease, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new lease originations.
consumer credit consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and transaction structure. consumer credit decisions are generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities in which we operate. for all classes within the consumer loan portfolio, loans are assigned pool level pd factors based on the fico range within which the borrower's credit bureau score falls. the credit bureau score is widely accepted as the standard measure of consumer credit risk used by lenders, regulators, rating agencies, and consumers. the lgd is related to the type of collateral associated with the credit extension, which typically does not change over the course of the loan term. this allows huntington to maintain a current view of the customer for credit risk management and acl purposes.
in consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. all portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. we make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. the credit review group conducts ongoing independent credit origination and process reviews to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.
collection actions by our customer assistance team are initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. we employ a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level of effectiveness, while maximizing efficiency. in addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the customer assistance team is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. collection practices include a single contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.
huntington bancshares incorporated residential real estate secured portfolios the properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. huntington continues to support our local markets with consistent underwriting across all residential secured products. the residential secured portfolio originations continue to be of high quality. our portfolio management strategies associated with our home savers group allow us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.
huntington underwrites all residential mortgage applications centrally, with a focus on higher quality borrowers. we do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options. residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the credit underwriting process. we update values in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.
we are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. an appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio.
automobile portfolio our strategy in the automobile portfolio continues to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both fico and internal custom scores, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. although increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
we have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. importantly, we have maintained our high credit quality standards while also maintaining strong origination volume.
rv and marine portfolio our strategy in the rv and marine portfolio focuses on high quality borrowers, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. although entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
credit quality
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 5 - "loans and leases and note 6 - "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of specific performance ratios. this approach forms the basis of the discussion in the sections immediately following: npas, nals, acl, and ncos. in addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, product segmentation, and origination trends in the analysis of our credit quality performance.
credit quality performance in 2023 reflected ncos of $273 million, or 0.23%, of average total loans and leases, an increase from $121 million, or 0.11%, in the prior year, driven by an $143 million increase in commercial ncos. npas increased $117 million, or 20%, to $711 million, primarily driven by increases in commercial and industrial and commercial real estate nals.
npas and nals npas consist of (1) nals, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) oreo properties, and (3) other npas. any loan or lease in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan or lease is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.
2023 form 10-k commercial loans and leases are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. of the $498 million of commercial related nals at december 31, 2023, $260 million, or 52%, represent loans and leases that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. with the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. automobile, rv and marine, and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due, and if not fully charged-off are placed on non-accrual.
when loans and leases are placed on nonaccrual, any accrued interest is reversed against interest income. when, in our judgment, the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status.
the following table reflects period-end nals and npas detail:
table 11 - nonaccrual loans and leases and nonperforming assets at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                          2023                                            2022
nonaccrual loans and leases (nals):
commercial and industrial                                                     $344                                            $288
commercial real estate                                                         140                                              92
lease financing                                                                 14                                              18
residential mortgage                                                            72                                              90
automobile                                                                       4                                               4
home equity                                                                     91                                              76
rv and marine                                                                    2                                               1
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                              667                                             569
other real estate, net                                                          10                                              11
other npas (1)                                                                  34                                              14
total nonperforming assets                                                    $711                                            $594
nonaccrual loans and leases as a % of total loans and leases                  0.55       %                                    0.48       %
npa ratio (2)                                                                 0.58                                            0.50
(1)other nonperforming assets include certain impaired investment securities and/or nonaccrual loans held-for-sale.
(2)nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, other real estate owned, and other npas.
acl our acl is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb lifetime expected credit losses in our loan and lease portfolio: the alll and the aulc.
we use statistically-based models that employ assumptions about current and future economic conditions throughout the contractual life of the loan. the process of estimating expected credit losses is based on three key parameters: pd, ead, and lgd. beyond the reasonable and supportable period (two to three years), the economic variables revert to a historical equilibrium at a pace dependent on the state of the economy reflected within the economic scenario.
huntington bancshares incorporated future economic conditions consider multiple macroeconomic scenarios provided to us by an independent third party and are reviewed through the allowance for credit loss development methodology committee described below. these macroeconomic scenarios contain certain variables that are influential to our modeling process, the most significant being unemployment rates and gdp. the probability weights assigned to each scenario are generally expected to be consistent from period to period. any changes in probability weights must be supported by appropriate documentation and approval of senior management. additionally, we consider whether to adjust the modeled estimates to address possible limitations within the models or factors not captured within the macroeconomic scenarios. lifetime losses for most of our loans and leases are evaluated collectively based on similar risk characteristics, risk ratings, origination credit bureau scores, delinquency status, and remaining months within loan agreements, among other factors.
the baseline scenario used for the 2023 fourth quarter assumes softening of the labor market is underway and will continue through early 2025 causing the unemployment rate to gradually increase, peaking at 4.1% in the first quarter of 2025 before marginally improving to 3.9% by 2027. the overnight federal funds rate is forecasted to have peaked during the third quarter of 2023, remaining at this terminal level until mid-2024 as the federal reserve continues to address inflation levels and tightness in the labor market. the federal reserve is expected to start cutting rates in the third quarter of 2024 at a rate of 25 basis points per quarter until reaching 3% in late 2026. inflation is forecasted to drop from 3.3% year over year at the end of 2023 to the federal reserve's target rate of 2% by the fourth quarter of 2024. the gdp forecast for 2024 has fallen from prior year end, a result of elevated interest rates and tightening credit conditions over the past year. gdp is now forecasted to be 1.5% by the fourth quarter of 2024.
management uses a probability-weighted approach that incorporates a baseline, an adverse and a more favorable economic scenario when formulating the quantitative estimate for the allowance. the table below is intended to show how the forecasted path of unemployment and gdp in the baseline scenario has changed between those used in the year 2022 and 2023 acl determination:
table 12 - forecasted key macroeconomic variables
2022                       2023                                                                                     2024
baseline scenario forecast                   q4                         q2                             q4                      q2                      q4
unemployment rate (1)
4q 2022                                      3.7%                       3.9%                         4.1%                    4.1%                    3.9%
4q 2023                                      n/a                        n/a                           3.8                     3.9                     4.0
gross domestic product (1)
4q 2022                                      (0.1)%                     0.4%                         2.0%                    2.3%                    2.7%
4q 2023                                      n/a                        n/a                           0.8                     1.2                     1.5
(1)values reflect the baseline scenario forecast inputs for each period presented, not updated for subsequent actual amounts.
management continues to assess the uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including ongoing risks in the commercial real estate environment, current inflation levels, political uncertainty, and geopolitical instability, considering multiple macroeconomic forecasts that reflected a range of possible outcomes. while we have incorporated estimates of economic uncertainty into our acl, the ultimate impact of specific challenges in the commercial real estate industry, recent inflation levels, higher interest rates, and the significant conflicts on-going around the world will have on the economy remains unknown.
management develops additional analytics to support adjustments to our modeled results. our allowance for credit loss development methodology committee reviewed model results of each economic scenario for appropriate usage, concluding that the quantitative transaction reserve will continue to utilize scenario weighting. given the uncertainty associated with key economic scenario assumptions, the december 31, 2023 acl included a general reserve that consists of various risk profile components, including profiles to capture uncertainty not addressed within the quantitative transaction reserve.
2023 form 10-k our allowance for credit loss development methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the acl. the alll represents the estimate of lifetime expected losses in the loan and lease portfolio at the reported date. the loss modeling process uses an ead concept to calculate total expected losses on both funded balances and unfunded lending commitments, where appropriate. losses related to the unfunded lending commitments are then recorded as aulc within other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. a liability for expected credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures is recognized if huntington has a present contractual obligation to extend the credit and the obligation is not unconditionally cancelable.
the aulc is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
our acl evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain acl benchmarks to current performance. for further information, including the alll and aulc activity by portfolio segment, refer to note 6 - "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the table below reflects the allocation of our alll among our various loan and lease categories as well as certain coverage metrics of the reported alll and acl:
table 13 - allocation of allowance for credit losses at december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2022
(dollar amounts in millions)            allocation of allowance                     % of total alll                                % of total loans and leases (1)                                           allocation of allowance                     % of total alll                 % of total loans and leases (1)
commercial commercial and industrial                        $993                                    44       %                                                42            %                                                    $939                                    45       %                                 41            %
commercial real estate                            522                                    23                                                        10                                                                  433                                    20                                         11
lease financing                                    48                                     2                                                         4                                                                   52                                     2                                          4
total commercial                                1,563                                    69                                                        56                                                                1,424                                    67                                         56
consumer residential mortgage                              188                                     8                                                        20                                                                  187                                     8                                         19
automobile                                        142                                     7                                                        10                                                                  141                                     7                                         11
home equity                                       114                                     5                                                         8                                                                  105                                     5                                          9
rv and marine                                     148                                     7                                                         5                                                                  143                                     7                                          4
other consumer                                    100                                     4                                                         1                                                                  121                                     6                                          1
total consumer                                    692                                    31                                                        44                                                                  697                                    33                                         44
total alll                                      2,255                                                                                                                                                                2,121
aulc                                              145                                                                                                                                                                  150
total acl                                      $2,400                                                                                                                                                               $2,271
total alll as % of:
total loans and leases                           1.85         %                                                                                                                                                       1.77         %
nonaccrual loans and leases                       338                                                                                                                                                                  373
npas                                              317                                                                                                                                                                  357
total acl as % of:
total loans and leases                           1.97         %                                                                                                                                                       1.90         %
nonaccrual loans and leases                       360                                                                                                                                                                  400
npas                                              337                                                                                                                                                                  382
(1)percentages represent the percentage of each loan and lease category to total loans and leases.
at december 31, 2023, the acl was $2.4 billion, or 1.97%, of total loans and leases, compared to $2.3 billion, or 1.90%, at december 31, 2022. the increase in the total acl was primarily driven by a combination of loan and lease growth and modest overall coverage ratio builds throughout 2023. the acl coverage ratio at december 31, 2023 is reflective of the current macro-economic environment.
huntington bancshares incorporated ncos a loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge.
commercial loans and leases are either charged-off or written down to net realizable value by 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. automobile loans, rv and marine, and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due. first-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due. the remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process.
the following table reflects nco detail:
table 14 - net loan and lease charge-offs year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                            2023                        2022                        2021
net charge-offs (recoveries) by loan and lease type:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                           $107                        $(2)                         $99
commercial real estate                                                57                           8                          17
lease financing                                                      (6)                           9                          44
total commercial                                                     158                          15                         160
consumer:
residential mortgage                                                   2                         (2)                         (1)
automobile                                                            21                           6                         (6)
home equity                                                          (1)                         (5)                         (5)
rv and marine                                                         12                           8                           5
other consumer                                                        81                          99                          62
total consumer                                                       115                         106                          55
total net charge-offs                                               $273                        $121                        $215
net charge-offs (recoveries) - annualized percentages:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                           0.22   %                       -   %                    0.26   %
commercial real estate                                              0.43                        0.06                        0.16
lease financing                                                   (0.12)                        0.18                        1.18
total commercial                                                    0.23                        0.03                        0.31
consumer:
residential mortgage                                                0.01                      (0.01)                           -
automobile                                                          0.16                        0.05                      (0.05)
home equity                                                       (0.01)                      (0.05)                      (0.05)
rv and marine                                                       0.21                        0.15                        0.10
other consumer                                                      6.03                        7.55                        5.56
total consumer                                                      0.22                        0.21                        0.12
net charge-offs as a % of average loans                             0.23   %                    0.11   %                    0.22   %
2023 form 10-k ncos were 0.23% of average loans and leases in 2023, up from 0.11% in 2022. ncos for commercial loans and leases were higher, with net charge-offs of 0.23% in 2023 compared to 0.03% in 2022, driven by increases in both commercial and industrial and commercial real estate portfolios and reflecting the continued normalization of net charge-offs. consumer net charge-offs were modestly higher in 2023 compared to 2022, with increases in the automobile and rv and marine portfolios partially offset by lower ncos in other consumer loans.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. when the value of an instrument is tied to such external factors, the holder faces market risk. we are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers, and secondarily, to price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans.
we measure market risk exposure via financial simulation models, which provide management with insights on the potential impact to net interest income and other key metrics as a result of changes in market interest rates. models are used to simulate cash flows and accrual characteristics of the balance sheet based on assumptions regarding the slope or shape of the yield curve, the direction and volatility of interest rates, and the changing composition and characteristics of the balance sheet resulting from strategic objectives and customer behavior. our models incorporate market-based assumptions that include the impact of changing interest rates on prepayment rates of assets and runoff of deposits. the models also include our projections of the future volume and pricing of various business lines.
in measuring the financial risks associated with interest rate sensitivity in our balance sheet, we compare a set of alternative interest rate scenarios to the results of a base case scenario derived using market forward rates. the market forward rates reflect the market consensus regarding the future level and slope of the yield curve across a range of tenor points. the standard set of interest rate scenarios includes two types: "shock" scenarios which are immediate parallel rate shifts, and "ramp" scenarios where the parallel shift is applied gradually over the first 12 months of the forecast on a pro rata basis. in both shock and ramp scenarios with falling rates, we presume that market rates will not go below 0%. the scenarios are inclusive of all executed interest rate risk hedging activities. forward starting hedges are included to the extent that they have been transacted and that they start within the measurement horizon.
a key driver of our interest rate risk profile is our interest-bearing deposit repricing sensitivity assumptions to changes in interest rates, otherwise known as deposit beta. in addition, our interest expense is impacted by the composition of both interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposits in relation to our total deposits. accordingly, we consider the impacts from both interest-bearing and noninterest bearing deposits on our total deposit beta. our cumulative to-date total deposit beta (total cost of deposits) is 41% within the current rate cycle, which started in march 2022.
interest rate risk is measured across a range of scenarios and the results are reported to the roc at least quarterly. a comprehensive discussion of risk management governance can be found in item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the "risk governance" section of this form 10-k.
we use two approaches to model interest rate risk: net interest income at risk (nii at risk) and economic value of equity at risk modeling sensitivity analysis (eve at risk).
nii at risk is used by management to measure the risk and impact to earnings over the next 12 months, using a variety of interest rate scenarios. the nii at risk results included in the table below reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models gradual "ramp" -200, -100, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shift scenarios implied by the forward yield curve over the next 12 months.
huntington bancshares incorporated table 15 - net interest income at risk december 31, 2023                                                                                              december 31, 2022
federal funds rate (1)                                                                                         federal funds rate (1)
basis point change scenario               starting point (2)                        month 12 (3)                     nii at risk (%)                     starting point (2)                        month 12 (3)               nii at risk (%)
+200                                                    5.50                                5.75                         5.5                                  4.50                                  6.75                                4.0
+100                                                    5.50                                4.75                         3.0                                  4.50                                  5.75                                2.0
base                                                    5.50                                3.75                           -                                  4.50                                  4.75                      -
-100                                                    5.50                                2.75                        -2.8                                  4.50                                  3.75                      -2.0
-200                                                    5.50                                1.75                        -5.6                                  4.50                                  2.75                      -4.1
(1)represents the upper bound.
(2)represents the spot federal funds rate.
(3)represents the federal funds rate in month 12 given a gradual, parallel "ramp" relative to the base implied forward scenario.
the nii at risk shows that the balance sheet is asset sensitive at both december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022. the primary drivers to the change in sensitivity during 2023 include changes in the projected composition and characteristics of the balance sheet, pricing assumptions, hedging activity, and the evolution of market rates over the next 12 months.
eve at risk is used by management to measure the impact of interest rate changes on the net present value of assets and liabilities, including derivative exposures. the eve results included in the table below reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models immediate -200, -100, +100 and +200 basis point parallel "shock" scenarios from the yield curve term points at the specific point in time that eve sensitivity is measured.
table 16 - economic value of equity at risk economic value of equity at risk (%)
basis point change scenario              -200                    -100               +100                      +200
december 31, 2023                     0.1       1.6                                 -3.8                      -8.8
december 31, 2022                     9.0       5.9                                 -8.0                      -17.3
the change in sensitivity from december 31, 2022 was driven primarily by changes in the composition and characteristics of the balance sheet, routine enhancements to deposit and prepayment modeling assumptions, changes in hedging activity aligned with interest rate risk positioning through macroeconomic cycles, and market rates.
to address the discontinuance of libor, we established a libor transition team and project plan under the oversight of the cro and cfo, providing periodic updates to the roc. contract remediation efforts coordinated by the libor transition team were complete as of june 2023. upon the discontinuation of libor, loans and leases that referenced libor were transitioned to a sofr-based replacement rate as set forth in the related contract. for further details on the transition of notional derivatives, refer to the use of derivatives to manage interest rate risk section below.
use of derivatives to manage interest rate risk an integral component of our interest rate risk management strategy is the use of derivative instruments to minimize significant fluctuations in earnings caused by changes in market interest rates. examples of derivative instruments that we may use as part of our interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, caps and floors, collars, forward contracts, and forward starting interest rate swaps.
table 17 shows all swap, swaption, swaption collar and floor positions that are utilized for purposes of managing our exposures to the variability of interest rates. the interest rates variability may impact either the fair value of the assets and liabilities or impact the cash flows attributable to net interest margin. these positions are used to protect the fair value of asset and liabilities by converting the contractual interest rate on a specified amount of assets and liabilities (i.e., notional amounts) to another interest rate index. the positions are also used to hedge the variability in cash flows attributable to the contractually specified interest rate by converting the variable rate index into a fixed rate. the volume, maturity, and mix of derivative positions change frequently as we adjust our broader interest rate risk management objectives and the balance sheet positions to be hedged. for further information, including the notional amount and fair values of these derivatives, refer to note 20 - "derivative financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
2023 form 10-k the following presents additional information about the interest rate swaps, swaptions, swaption collars, and floors used in huntington's asset and liability management activities.
table 17 - information on asset liability management instruments notional value                        weighted-average maturity (years)                            fair                        weighted-average fixed rate                        weighted-average reset rate value
(dollar amounts in millions)
at december 31, 2023
asset conversion swaps securities (1):
pay fixed - receive sofr                                           $10,721                                              3.11                                     $683                                        1.37           %                                   5.42           %
pay fixed - receive sofr - forward starting (2)                        928                                              8.46                                       18                                        2.81                                                  -
loans:
receive fixed - pay sofr                                             9,275                                              3.06                                    (243)                                        2.77                                               5.34
receive fixed - pay sofr - forward starting (3)                      1,400                                              4.20                                     (19)                                        2.90                                                  -
liability conversion swaps receive fixed - pay sofr                                             7,568                                              3.40                                    (199)                                        2.95                                               5.14
receive fixed - pay sofr - forward starting (3)                      2,125                                              3.16                                       45                                        4.33                                                  -
purchased floor spreads (4)
purchased floor spread - sofr                                        5,000                                              2.29                                       38                                             2.97 / 3.97                                      -
purchased floor spread - sofr forward starting (3)                   1,000                                              5.54                                      $26                                             1.88 / 3.38                                      -
basis swaps (5)
pay sofr- receive fed fund (economic hedges)                           174                                              2.58                                        -                                        5.33                                               5.41
pay fed fund - receive sofr (economic hedges)                            1                                             11.81                                        -                                        5.45                                               5.33
total swap portfolio                                               $38,192                                                                                       $349
at december 31, 2022
asset conversion swaps securities (1):
pay fixed - receive 1 month libor                                   $8,024                                              3.89                                     $834                                        0.93           %                                   4.37           %
pay fixed - receive sofr                                               366                                              7.02                                       49                                        1.46                                               3.82
pay fixed - receive 1 month libor - forward starting (6)                91                                              7.31                                       12                                        1.62                                                  -
pay fixed - receive sofr - forward starting (7)                      1,926                                              6.17                                       85                                        2.17                                                  -
loans:
receive fixed - pay sofr - forward starting (8)                      2,950                                              4.91                                    (109)                                        2.64                                                  -
receive fixed - pay 1 month libor                                    7,875                                              1.41                                    (390)                                        1.21                                               4.20
receive fixed - pay sofr                                             8,700                                              3.55                                    (351)                                        2.57                                               3.90
liability conversion swaps receive fixed - pay 1 month libor                                    1,430                                              1.85                                     (60)                                        2.01                                               4.25
receive fixed - pay sofr                                             6,299                                              4.91                                    (201)                                        3.16                                               3.36
purchased swaption collars (4)
purchased interest rate swaption collars                             4,800                                              0.27                                      (6)                                             2.87 / 4.05                                      -
basis swaps (5)
pay sofr- receive fed fund (economic hedges)                           174                                                            3.58                          -                                        4.33                                               4.31
pay fed fund - receive sofr (economic hedges)                            1                                             12.81                                        -                                        4.35                                               4.33
total swap portfolio                                               $42,636                                                                                     $(137)
(1)amounts include interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of fixed-rate investment securities using the portfolio layer method.
(2)forward starting swaps effective starting from april 2025 to october 2027.
(3)forward starting swaps effective starting from april 2024 to march 2025.
(4)the weighted average fixed rates for floor spread and swaption collars are the weighted average strike rates for the upper and lower bounds of the instruments.
(5)basis swaps have variable pay and variable receive resets. weighted average fixed fate column represents pay rate reset.
(6)forward starting swaps effective starting from january 2023 to february 2023.
(7)forward starting swaps effective starting from january 2023 to october 2027.
(8)forward starting swaps effective starting from january 2023 to july 2024.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we purchased interest rate swaptions to reduce the impact on capital from rising rates. these swaptions were economic hedges of interest rate risk attributable to our investment securities with the change in value of these instruments recorded in other noninterest income. we terminated these positions during the 2023 fourth quarter. cumulatively for the full-year, the net unfavorable mark-to-market on the pay-fixed swaptions program totaled $24 million.
huntington bancshares incorporated in the second quarter of 2023, all cleared derivatives that referenced libor transitioned from libor to a sofr-based replacement rate in accordance with the conventions established by the applicable clearinghouse. upon the discontinuation of libor, all over-the-counter derivatives that referenced libor were transitioned to a sofr-based replacement rate as set forth in the related contract. those derivatives that did not have a clearly defined or practicable replacement benchmark rate set forth in the related contract used the libor act to replace libor with a sofr-based rate established by frb rulemaking. for every libor referenced instrument with a reset date after the libor cessation date, counterparties received a libor referenced instrument maturing on the first reset date after the libor cessation date, and a forward starting sofr instrument. the instruments received through the transition were economically similar to the instruments held prior to the transition.
use of derivatives to manage credit risk we may utilize credit derivatives as a tool to manage credit risk within the portfolio by purchasing credit protection over certain types of loan products. when we purchase credit protection, such as a cds, we pay a fee to the seller, or cds counterparty, in return for the right to receive a payment if a specified credit event occurs. during the fourth quarter of 2023, we completed a synthetic crt transaction consisting of a cds to mitigate credit risk associated with a $3 billion portfolio of on-balance sheet prime indirect auto loans and which benefited our regulatory capital ratios by reducing the rwa on the associated pool of loans by approximately $2.4 billion.
msrs
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 7 - "mortgage loan sales and servicing rights" of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
at december 31, 2023, we had a total of $515 million of capitalized msrs representing the right to service $33.2 billion in mortgage loans.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments and declines in credit quality. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. we also employ hedging strategies to reduce the risk of msr fair value changes or impairment. however, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. we report changes in the msr value net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income.
msr assets are included in servicing rights and other intangible assets in the consolidated financial statements.
price risk price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. we have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, derivative instruments, and equity investments. we have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the possibility of us being unable to meet current and future financial obligations in a timely manner. the goal of liquidity management is to ensure adequate, stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds to satisfy changes in loan and lease demand, unexpected levels of deposit withdrawals, investment opportunities, and other contractual obligations. we consider core earnings, strong capital ratios, and credit quality essential for maintaining high credit ratings, which allows us cost-effective access to market-based liquidity. we mitigate liquidity risk by maintaining liquid assets in the form of cash, cash equivalents, and securities. in addition, we maintain a large, stable core deposit base and a diversified base of readily available wholesale funding sources, including secured funding sources from the fhlb and federal reserve through pledged borrowing capacity, issuance through dealers in the capital markets, and access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers.
2023 form 10-k the board of directors is responsible for establishing an acceptable level of liquidity risk at huntington, including approval of the liquidity risk appetite at least annually. the liquidity risk appetite includes certain structural and contingent liquidity risk metrics and limits that are designed and monitored to ensure huntington maintains adequate liquidity to meet current and future funding needs, including during periods of potential stress. further, the alco is appointed by the roc to oversee liquidity risk management, including the establishment of liquidity risk policies and additional liquidity risk metrics and limits to support our overall liquidity risk appetite. liquidity risk appetite metrics monitored by senior management and reported to the board at least semi-annually include loans as a percentage of core deposits, a structural funding ratio, internal liquidity stress test coverage ratios, and a holding company cash coverage ratio. additional key liquidity risk metrics monitored by senior management and reported to alco monthly include non-core funds (such as brokered deposits and wholesale borrowings) as a percentage of tangible assets, various deposit concentration limits, including large dollar depositor and brokered deposit limits, and varying types of internally defined liquidity coverage ratios, including minimum reserve balances at the frb and u.s. treasury holdings relative to internal liquidity stress outflows. our liquidity risk metric monitoring thresholds are evaluated at a minimum annually, and more frequently if conditions warrant.
liquidity risk is managed centrally by corporate treasury with independent oversight of liquidity risk performed by corporate risk management. our liquidity position is evaluated daily, weekly, and monthly by analyzing the composition of all funding sources, reviewing projected liquidity commitments by future months, and identifying sources and uses of funds. the overall management of our liquidity position is also integrated into consumer and commercial pricing policies to ensure a stable core deposit base. liquidity risk is reviewed and managed continuously for the bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. in addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, contingency funding plans. at december 31, 2023, management believes current sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet huntington's on and off-balance sheet obligations.
we maintain a contingency funding plan that provides for liquidity stress testing, which assesses the potential erosion of funds in the event of an institution-specific event or systemic financial market crisis. examples of institution specific events could include a downgrade in our public credit rating by a rating agency, a large charge to earnings, declines in profitability or other financial measures, declines in liquidity sources including reductions in deposit balances or access to contingent funding sources, or a significant merger or acquisition. examples of systemic events unrelated to us that could have an effect on our access to liquidity could include terrorism or war, natural disasters, political events, failure of a major financial institution, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund, or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation or rumors about us, or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. the contingency funding plan, which is reviewed and approved by the roc at least annually, outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis and provides for an evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. it also assigns specific roles and responsibilities and communication protocols for effectively managing liquidity through a problem period and outlines early warning indicators that are used to monitor emerging liquidity stress events.
our largest source of liquidity on a consolidated basis is core deposits, which provide stable and lower-cost funding. core deposits were $145.5 billion at december 31, 2023 which comprised 96% of total deposits, compared to $142.1 billion, and 96% of total deposits at december 31, 2022. the $3.3 billion increase in core deposits, compared to december 31, 2022, was primarily driven by an increase in consumer deposits, largely money market and certificates of deposits, partially offset by a decrease in commercial core deposits driven by shifts to off-balance sheet liquidity solutions we provide for our customers. our core deposits come from a base of primary bank customer relationships, and we continue to focus on acquiring and deepening those relationships resulting in our granular and diversified deposit base.
non-core deposits consist primarily of brokered money market balances. non-core deposits were $5.8 billion, or 4% of total deposits, at both december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022. non-core deposits were below our established liquidity risk metric limits at december 31, 2023.
insured deposits comprised approximately 70% of our total deposits at december 31, 2023, compared to 68% at december 31, 2022. throughout 2023, we maintained one of the highest levels of insured deposits amongst banks with more than $100 billion in deposits.
huntington bancshares incorporated table 18 - deposit composition at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                    2023                                         2022
by type:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                    $30,967                20   %                $38,242                26   %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                        39,190                26                     43,136                29
money market deposits                                   44,947                30                     36,082                24
savings and other domestic deposits                     16,722                11                     20,357                14
core certificates of deposit (1)                        13,626                 9                      4,324                 3
total core deposits:                                   145,452                96                    142,141                96
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more                447                 -                        220                 -
negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits              5,331                 4                      5,553                 4
total deposits                                        $151,230               100   %               $147,914               100   %
total core deposits:
commercial                                             $60,547                42   %                $64,107                45   %
consumer                                                84,905                58                     78,034                55
total core deposits                                   $145,452               100   %               $142,141               100   %
total deposits (insured/uninsured):
insured deposits                                      $105,986                70   %               $100,631                68   %
uninsured deposits (2)                                  45,244                30                     47,283                32
total deposits                                        $151,230               100   %               $147,914               100   %
(1)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
(2)represents consolidated huntington uninsured deposits, determined by adjusting the amounts reported in the bank call report (ffiec 031) by inter-company deposits, which are not customer deposits and are therefore eliminated through consolidation. as of december 31, 2023, the bank call report uninsured deposit balance was $49.8 billion, which includes $4.6 billion of inter-company deposits. as of december 31, 2022, the bank call report uninsured deposit balance was $84.6 billion, which includes $37.3 billion of inter-company deposits.
at december 31, 2023
(dollar amounts in millions)                                          3 months                   3 months                      6 months                  12 months            total or less                to 6 months                  to 12 months                    or more portion of u.s. time deposits in excess of insurance limit           $443                      $527                         $368                         $29                  $1,367
cash and cash equivalents were $10.1 billion and $6.7 billion at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively. the $3.4 billion increase in cash and cash equivalents is primarily due to an increase in interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank to support short-term liquidity.
our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established alco objectives. changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.
total investment securities were $41.2 billion at december 31, 2023, compared to $40.5 billion at december 31, 2022. the $686 million increase in securities compared to december 31, 2022, was due to a managed increase in the portfolio through the purchase of u.s. treasuries, in addition to an increase in fair market value, partially offset by maturities during the year. at december 31, 2023, the duration of the investment securities portfolio was 4.5 years, or 3.7 years net of hedging. securities are pledged to secure borrowing capacity with the fhlb and the federal reserve, discussed further in the bank liquidity and sources of funding section below. at december 31, 2023, investment securities with market value of $5.8 billion were unpledged.
2023 form 10-k the weighted average yield by maturity of the investment securities portfolio is presented on the following table:
table 19 - investment securities weighted average yield by maturity at december 31, 2023
1 year or less                                                     after 1 year through 5 years                                                after 5 years through 10 years                after 10 years                      total
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                   yield (1)                                                                        yield (1)                                                                     yield (1)                     yield (1)                  yield (1)
available-for-sale securities:
u.s. treasury                                                                                                5.40   %                                                                    4.15           %                                                                -            %                      -      %                 5.40     %
federal agencies:
residential cmo                                                                                                 -                                                                           -                                                                         2.46                                3.22                        3.22
residential mbs                                                                                                 -                                                                           -                                                                         1.66                                2.17                        2.17
commercial mbs                                                                                                  -                                                                           -                                                                            -                                2.85                        2.85
other agencies                                                                                               2.55                                                                        1.55                                                                         7.33                                7.09                        4.52
total u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                                             5.40                                                                        1.71                                                                         2.93                                2.47                        2.85
municipal securities                                                                                         6.65                                                                        5.95                                                                         4.76                                4.63                        5.36
private-label cmo                                                                                               -                                                                        0.20                                                                         2.42                                2.97                        2.73
asset-backed securities                                                                                      8.31                                                                        1.90                                                                         1.67                                2.52                        3.58
corporate debt                                                                                                  -                                                                        2.04                                                                         2.30                                   -                        2.23
other securities/sovereign debt                                                                              0.80                                                                        0.80                                                                            -                                   -                        0.80
total available-for-sale securities                                                                          5.63   %                                                                    3.79           %                                                             3.66            %                   2.55      %                 3.12     %
held-to-maturity securities:
federal agencies:
residential cmo                                                                                                 -   %                                                                       -           %                                                             2.69            %                   2.57      %                 2.58     %
residential mbs                                                                                                 -                                                                           -                                                                            -                                2.52                        2.52
commercial mbs                                                                                                  -                                                                           -                                                                         3.02                                2.44                        2.45
other agencies                                                                                               2.29                                                                        2.49                                                                         2.36                                2.60                        2.51
total federal agencies and other agencies                                                                    2.29                                                                        2.49                                                                         2.78                                2.53                        2.53
municipal securities                                                                                            -                                                                           -                                                                            -                                2.63                        2.63
total held-to-maturity securities                                                                            2.29   %                                                                    2.49           %                                                             2.78            %                   2.53      %                 2.53     %
(1)weighted average yields were calculated using amortized cost on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, assuming a 21% tax rate where applicable.
sources of wholesale funding include non-core deposits (other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more, negotiable cds, brokered and other deposits), short-term borrowings, and long-term debt. our wholesale funding totaled $18.8 billion at december 31, 2023, compared to $17.5 billion at december 31, 2022, with the increase primarily due to increases in long-term fhlb borrowings and senior notes, partially offset by a decrease in short-term fhlb borrowings. for further information on our short-term borrowings and long-term debt, refer to note 11 - "borrowings" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
bank liquidity and sources of funding our primary sources of funding for the bank are consumer and commercial core deposits. at december 31, 2023, these core deposits funded 77% of total assets (119% of total loans). to the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits and cash and cash equivalents, we may meet out liquidity needs through wholesale funding and asset securitization or sale.
the bank maintains borrowing capacity at both the fhlb and the federal reserve secured by pledged loans and securities. the bank does not consider borrowing capacity at the federal reserve a primary source of funding, however, it could be used as a potential source of liquidity in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. at december 31, 2023, the bank's available contingent borrowing capacity at the fhlb and federal reserve totaled $83.0 billion, compared to $53.5 billion at december 31, 2022. the increase reflects our optimization of contingent borrowing capacity through the pledge of incremental assets. the amount of available contingent borrowing capacity may fluctuate based on the level of borrowings outstanding and level of assets pledged.
huntington bancshares incorporated following the first quarter of 2023 bank failures, the frb established the btfp as an additional source of available liquidity to support depository institutions through pledging qualifying assets as collateral. the bank has taken steps to support readiness but has not participated through december 31, 2023. in january 2024, the frb announced it will stop extending loans under the btfp after march 11, 2024.
at december 31, 2023, we believe the bank has sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet its cash flow obligations over the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.
the following table reflects the composition and maturities of the loan and lease portfolio:
table 20 - maturity schedule of loans and leases at december 31, 2023
(dollar amounts in millions)              one year                        one to                          five to                            after                         total or less                    five years                    fifteen years                    fifteen years commercial:
commercial and industrial             $14,795                      $28,553                          $6,447                             $862                          $50,657
commercial real estate                  3,846                        6,912                           1,614                               50                           12,422
lease financing                           408                        3,247                             962                              611                            5,228
total commercial                       19,049                       38,712                           9,023                            1,523                           68,307
consumer:
residential mortgage                       10                          105                           1,725                           21,880                           23,720
automobile                                163                        7,985                           4,313                               21                           12,482
home equity                               148                          315                           2,259                            7,391                           10,113
rv and marine                               2                          130                           3,328                            2,439                            5,899
other consumer                            353                          901                             170                               37                            1,461
total consumer                            676                        9,436                          11,795                           31,768                           53,675
total loans and leases                $19,725                      $48,148                         $20,818                          $33,291                         $121,982
percent of total                           16    %                      40     %                        17      %                        27      %                       100   %
the following table reflects the loans and leases due after one year:
table 21 - loans and leases due after one year interest rate
(dollar amounts in millions)                  fixed                          floating or adjustable commercial:
commercial and industrial             $11,563                                     $24,299
commercial real estate                    887                                       7,689
lease financing                         4,571         249
total commercial                       17,021                                      32,237
consumer:
residential mortgage                   10,114                                      13,596
automobile                             12,319                                           -
home equity                             2,841                                       7,124
rv and marine finance                   5,897                                           -
other consumer                            522         586
total consumer                         31,693                                      21,306
total loans and leases                $48,714                                     $53,543
2023 form 10-k parent company liquidity the parent company's funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. the parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.
the parent company had cash and cash equivalents of $4.0 billion and $3.5 billion at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively.
on january 17, 2024, our board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.155 per common share. the dividend is payable on april 1, 2024, to shareholders of record on march 18, 2024. based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.155 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately $224 million per quarter. additionally, on january 17, 2024, our board of directors declared a quarterly series b, series e, series f, series g, series h, and series j preferred stock dividend payable on april 15, 2024 to shareholders of record on april 1, 2024. on december 7, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend for the series i preferred stock payable on march 1, 2024 to shareholders of record on february 15, 2024. total cash demands required for preferred stock dividends are expected to be approximately $36 million per quarter.
during 2023, the bank paid preferred and common dividends to the parent company of $45 million and $1.7 billion, respectively. to meet any additional liquidity needs, the parent company may issue debt or equity securities. to support the parent company's ability to issue debt or equity securities, we have filed with the sec an automatic shelf registration statement covering an indeterminate amount or number of securities to be offered or sold from time to time as authorized by the huntington's board of directors.
at december 31, 2023, we believe the company has sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet its cash flow obligations over the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. these arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps, caps and floors, swaption collars, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the bank, and commitments by the bank to sell mortgage loans.
commitments to extend credit commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer's credit quality. these arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. the interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
standby letters-of-credit standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. these guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the bank are required to hold. through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. when it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
huntington bancshares incorporated commitments to sell loans activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. in addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. these contracts mature in less than one year. see note 22 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
contractual obligations, including off-balance sheet arrangements, are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process.
table 22 - contractual obligations (1)
at december 31, 2023
(dollar amounts in millions)                               less than 1 year                   1 to 3years                   3 to 5years               more than5 years                              total deposits without a stated maturity                         $136,105                              $-                            $-                     $-                                     $136,105
certificates of deposit and other time deposits              14,695                             384                            46                     -                                        15,125
short-term borrowings                                           620                               -                             -                     -                                           620
long-term debt (2)                                              804                           4,580                         2,883                     4,309                                    12,576
operating lease obligations                                      66                             117                            79                               251                               513
purchase commitments                                            195                             262                            70                                54                               581
(1)amounts do not include associated interest payments.
(2)maturities are based upon the par value.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error, third-party performance failures, inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, failed business contingency plans, and security risks. we continuously strive to test and strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with significant contracts, agreements, laws, rules, and regulations, to reduce our exposure to fraud, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk.
we actively monitor cyberattacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data. we evaluate internal systems, processes, and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses. cybersecurity threats have increased, primarily through phishing campaigns. we are actively monitoring our email gateways for malicious phishing email campaigns. we have also increased our cybersecurity and fraud monitoring activities through the implementation of specific monitoring of remote connections by geography and volume of connections to detect anomalous remote logins, since a significant portion of our workforce has the option to work remotely.
our objective for managing cybersecurity risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. we work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to plan and execute on its own goals. to this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make us less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. potential concerns related to cybersecurity may be escalated to our board-level technology committee, as appropriate. as a complement to the overall cybersecurity risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. we also use third-party services to test the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality.
2023 form 10-k to govern operational risks, we have an operational risk committee, a legal, regulatory, and compliance committee, a funds movement committee, a fraud risk committee, an information and technology risk committee, and a third party risk management committee. the responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. in addition, we have a model risk oversight committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. these committees report any significant findings and remediation recommendations to the risk management committee. potential concerns may be escalated to our roc and our audit committee, as appropriate.
the goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk-monitoring; minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses; minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance.
compliance risk financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. these broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. as such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. we hold ourselves to a high standard for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.
capital
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "regulatory matters" section included in part i, item 1: business and note 23 - "other regulatory matters" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
our primary capital objective is to maintain appropriate levels of capital within our board-approved risk appetite to support the bank's operations, absorb unanticipated losses and declines in asset values, and provide protection to uninsured depositors and debt holders in the event of liquidation, while also funding organic growth and providing appropriate returns to our shareholders. both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are managed at the bank and on a consolidated basis. we have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the company's overall capital adequacy, including the monitoring and reporting of capital risk metrics to the board and roc that we believe are useful for evaluating capital adequacy and making capital decisions. in addition to as-reported regulatory capital and tangible common equity metrics, which are discussed in more detail below, we also actively monitor other measures of capital, such as tangible common equity including the mark-to-market impact on htm securities and cet1 inclusive of aoci excluding cash flow hedges. we believe our capital levels are adequate.
regulatory capital we are subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. the following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including cet1, which we use to measure capital adequacy.
huntington bancshares incorporated table 23 - capital under current regulatory standards (basel iii)
at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                   2023                                            2022
cet1 risk-based capital ratio:
total shareholders' equity                                                          $19,353                                         $17,731
regulatory capital adjustments:
cecl transitional amount (1)                                                            219                                             328
shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                  (2,404)                                         (2,177)
accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                  2,676                                           3,098
goodwill and other intangible assets, net of taxes                                  (5,591)                                         (5,663)
deferred tax assets that arise from tax loss and credit carryforwards                  (41)                                            (27)
cet1 capital                                                                         14,212                                          13,290
additional tier 1 capital shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                    2,404                                           2,177
tier 1 capital                                                                       16,616                                          15,467
long-term debt and other tier 2 qualifying instruments                                1,306                                           1,424
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                        1,735                                           1,682
tier 2 capital                                                                        3,041                                           3,106
total risk-based capital                                                            $19,657                                         $18,573
rwa                                                                                $138,706                                        $141,940
cet1 risk-based capital ratio                                                         10.25       %                                    9.36       %
other regulatory capital data:
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                       11.98                                           10.90
total risk-based capital ratio                                                        14.17                                           13.09
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                  9.32                                            8.60
(1)huntington and the bank elected to temporarily delay certain effects of cecl on regulatory capital until january 1, 2022 pursuant to a rule that allowed bhcs and banks to delay for two years 100% of the day-one impact of adopting cecl and 25% of the cumulative change in the reported allowance for credit losses since adopting cecl. as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, we have phased in 50% and 25%, respectively, of the cumulative cecl deferral with the remaining impact to be recognized through the first quarter 2025.
table 24 - capital adequacy-non-regulatory (non-gaap)
at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                                              2023                                      2022
consolidated capital calculations:
total shareholders' equity                                      $19,353                                   $17,731
goodwill and other intangible assets                            (5,704)                                   (5,766)
deferred tax liability on other intangible assets (1)                30                                        41
total tangible equity (2)                                        13,679                                    12,006
preferred equity                                                (2,394)                                   (2,167)
total tangible common equity (2)                                $11,285                                    $9,839
total assets                                                   $189,368                                  $182,906
goodwill and other intangible assets                            (5,704)                                   (5,766)
deferred tax liability on other intangible assets (1)                30                                        41
total tangible assets (2)                                      $183,694                                  $177,181
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio (2)                         7.45      %                               6.78      %
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio (2)                  6.14                                      5.55
tangible common equity / rwa ratio (2)                             8.14                                      6.93
(1)deferred tax liability related to other intangible assets is calculated at a 21% tax rate.
(2)tangible equity, tangible common equity, and tangible assets, as well as ratios utilizing these financial measures are non-gaap financial measures. see non-gaap financial measures in the additional disclosures section.
2023 form 10-k the following table presents certain regulatory capital data at the consolidated and bank level:
table 25 - regulatory capital data (1)
basel iii at december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                 2023                                                          2022
total risk-weighted assets                   consolidated            $138,706                      $141,940
bank                     138,462                       141,571
cet1 risk-based capital                      consolidated              14,212                        13,290
bank                      14,671                        14,133
tier 1 risk-based capital                    consolidated              16,616                        15,467
bank                      15,879                        15,334
tier 2 risk-based capital                    consolidated               3,042                         3,106
bank                       2,247                         2,313
total risk-based capital                     consolidated              19,657                        18,573
bank                      18,126                        17,647
cet1 risk-based capital ratio                consolidated               10.25   %                      9.36   %
bank                       10.60                          9.98
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio              consolidated               11.98                         10.90
bank                       11.47                         10.83
total risk-based capital ratio               consolidated               14.17                         13.09
bank                       13.09                         12.47
tier 1 leverage ratio                        consolidated                9.32                          8.60
bank                        8.51                          8.54
(1)    huntington and the bank elected to temporarily delay certain effects of cecl on regulatory capital until january 1, 2022 pursuant to a rule that allowed bhcs and banks to delay for two years 100% of the day-one impact of adopting cecl and 25% of the cumulative change in the reported allowance for credit losses since adopting cecl. as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, we have phased in 50% and 25%, respectively, of the cumulative cecl deferral with the remaining impact to be recognized through the first quarter 2025.
at december 31, 2023, we, at both the consolidated and bank level, maintained basel iii capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the federal reserve. the increase in the consolidated cet1 risk-based capital ratio compared to the prior year, was primarily driven by current period earnings and a decrease in risk-weighted assets, partially offset by dividends. the decrease in risk-weighted assets was largely driven by the synthetic crt transaction, which reduced risk-weighted assets by approximately $2.4 billion, with the risk-weight moving from 100% to 20% on the selected pool of assets.
shareholders' equity we generate shareholders' equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. other potential sources of shareholders' equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk appetite and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities.
shareholders' equity totaled $19.4 billion at december 31, 2023, an increase of $1.6 billion, or 9%, when compared with december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily driven by earnings, net of dividends, the changing rate environment causing a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss, and net issuance of preferred stock. the net issuance of preferred stock is reflective of the first quarter of 2023 issuance of $317 million of series j perpetual preferred stock, partially offset by the fourth quarter of 2023 repurchases totaling $90 million of series e perpetual preferred stock.
huntington bancshares incorporated share repurchases from time to time the board of directors authorizes the company to repurchase shares of our common stock. although we announce when our board authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations.
on january 18, 2023, our board authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of common shares within the eight quarter period ending december 31, 2024, subject to the federal reserve's capital regulations. purchases of common stock under the authorization may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, and accelerated share repurchase programs. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we repurchased no shares of common stock under the current repurchase authorization. as part of the 2023 capital plan and our current expectation that organic capital will be used for funding loan and lease growth and proposed changes to regulatory capital requirements, we do not expect to utilize the share repurchase program through 2024. however, we may at our discretion resume share repurchases at any time while considering factors including, but not limited to, capital requirements and market conditions.
business segment discussion overview huntington's business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. to align with our strategic priorities, during the second quarter of 2023, we completed an organizational realignment and now report on two business segments: consumer & regional banking and commercial banking. the treasury / other function includes technology and operations, and other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense. the organizational realignment primarily involved consolidating our previously reported consumer and business banking, vehicle finance and rbhpcg, into one new business segment called consumer & regional banking. prior period results have been adjusted to conform to the new segment presentation.
business segment results are determined based upon our management practices, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. the process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions.
revenue sharing revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to or providing service to customers. results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.
expense allocation the management process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. the first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. these activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. the second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to the business segments from treasury / other. we utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all treasury / other expenses, except reported acquisition-related expenses, if any, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the business segments.
2023 form 10-k funds transfer pricing (ftp)
we use an active and centralized ftp methodology to attribute appropriate net interest income to the business segments. the intent of the ftp methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing modeled duration funding of assets and liabilities. the result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the treasury / other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. the treasury / other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment.
during the fourth quarter of 2023, we revised our ftp methodology for non-maturity deposits, which has been enhanced to consider the internally modeled weighted average life by non-maturity deposit type. in general, the impact of the ftp methodology revision resulted in a higher cost of funds allocation as compared with the previous method. prior period results have been adjusted to conform to the revised ftp methodology.
net income (loss) by business segment net income (loss) by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:
table 26 - net income (loss) by business segment year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions)                     2023   2022                            2021
consumer &amp; regional banking           $1,315                          $1,027                          $1,337
commercial banking                         1,179                           1,087        939
treasury / other                           (543)        124                                                (981)
net income                                $1,951                          $2,238                          $1,295
table 27 - key performance indicators for consumer &amp; regional banking year ended december 31,                                              change from 2022                                                 year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)                   2023                            2022                          amount                       percent                                                                    2021
net interest income                                            $3,717                          $3,213                            $504                            16    %                                                        $3,103
provision for credit losses                                       246                             260                            (14)                           (5)                                                                  2
noninterest income                                              1,257                           1,272                            (15)                           (1)                                                              1,289
noninterest expense                                             3,064                           2,924                             140                             5                                                              2,698
provision for income taxes                                        349                             274                              75                            27                                                                355
net income                                                     $1,315                          $1,027                            $288                            28    %                                                        $1,337
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)             11,536                          11,984                           (448)                           (4)    %                                                        11,322
total average assets                                          $71,214                         $69,176                          $2,038                             3                                                            $64,121
total average loans/leases                                     65,349                          62,881                           2,468                             4                                                             58,715
total average deposits                                        105,821                         105,469                             352                             -                                                             91,485
net interest margin                                              3.45    %                       2.99    %                       0.46    %                       15                                                               3.31         %
ncos                                                             $155                            $120                             $35                            29                                                                $96
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                          0.24    %                       0.19    %                       0.05    %                       26                                                               0.16         %
total assets under management (in billions)-eop                 $23.8                           $21.7                            $2.1                            10                                                              $19.8
total trust assets (in billions)-eop                            172.2                           135.7                            36.5                            27                                                              123.0
huntington bancshares incorporated consumer & regional banking reported net income of $1.3 billion in 2023, an increase of $288 million, or 28%, compared to the year-ago period. segment net interest income increased $504 million, or 16%, primarily due to a $2.5 billion, or 4%, increase in average loans and leases and a 46 basis point increase in nim driven by the higher rate environment. the provision for credit losses decreased $14 million, or 5%, primarily due to modest improvement in the macroeconomic environment that was somewhat offset by consumer loan growth over the course of 2023. noninterest income decreased $15 million, or 1%, primarily due to decreases in gain on sale of loans resulting from the strategic decision to retain the guaranteed portion of sba loans at origination, in customer deposit and loan fees largely due to program changes, and in mortgage banking income reflecting secondary marketing spreads and lower salable volume. the decreases in noninterest income were partially offset by a $57 million gain on the sale of our rps business and increases in wealth and asset management revenue and payments and cash management revenue. noninterest expense increased $140 million, or 5%, primarily due to higher overhead allocations, gains from branch sales recognized in 2022, an increase in personnel expense, and the impact of the fdic dif special assessment.
consumer & regional banking reported net income of $1.0 billion in 2022, a decrease of $310 million, compared to the prior year period. segment net interest income increased $110 million, or 4%, primarily due to an increase in average assets reflecting organic growth and the impact of the tcf acquisition, partially offset by a 32 basis point decrease in nim driven by higher cost of funds and a decrease in accelerated ppp loan fees recognized upon forgiveness payments from the sba. the provision for credit losses increased $258 million, primarily due to reserve releases in 2021 as the economic environment was improving, contrasted with reserve builds in 2022 that recognized the increased near-term recessionary risks. noninterest income decreased $17 million, or 1%, primarily due to lower mortgage banking income reflecting lower salable volume and secondary marketing spreads, partially offset by the impact of the tcf acquisition and an increase in gain on sale of loans, primarily due to sales of sba loans during the first through third quarters of 2022. noninterest expense increased $226 million, or 8%, primarily due to the impact of the tcf acquisition largely driven by higher personnel expense reflecting an increase in the number of full-time equivalent employees and allocated overhead.
table 28 - key performance indicators for commercial banking year ended december 31,                                              change from 2022                                              year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in millions unless otherwise noted)                   2023                            2022                          amount                       percent                                                                 2021
net interest income                                            $2,162                          $1,807                            $355                            20    %                                                     $1,483
provision for credit losses                                       156                              29                             127                                 nm                                                         23
noninterest income                                                646                             667                            (21)                           (3)                                                             519
noninterest expense                                             1,134                           1,056                              78                             7                                                             787
provision for income taxes                                        319                             292                              27                             9                                                             251
income attributable to non-controlling interest                    20                              10                              10                           100                                                               2
net income attributable to huntington bancshares inc           $1,179                          $1,087                             $92                             8    %                                                       $939
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)              2,276                           2,100                             176                             8    %                                                      1,734
total average assets                                          $63,932                         $59,772                          $4,160                             7                                                         $43,924
total average loans/leases                                     55,385                          52,094                           3,291                             6                                                          37,900
total average deposits                                         36,152                          34,771                           1,381                             4                                                          28,545
net interest margin                                              3.74    %                       3.30    %                       0.44    %                       13                                                            3.64         %
ncos                                                             $119                              $2                            $117                                 nm                                                       $119
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                          0.21    %                          -    %                       0.21    %                            nm                                                       0.31         %
2023 form 10-k commercial banking reported net income of $1.2 billion in 2023, an increase of $92 million, or 8%, compared to the year-ago period. segment net interest income increased $355 million, or 20%, primarily due to a 44 basis point increase in nim, driven by the higher rate environment resulting in an increase in spreads and an increase in average loans and leases, partially offset by an increase in average deposits. the provision for credit losses increased $127 million due to a combination of commercial loan and lease growth and an increase in the coverage ratio in the commercial real estate portfolio, reflecting ongoing risks in the commercial real estate environment. noninterest income decreased $21 million, or 3%, primarily due to a decrease in customer deposit and loan fees driven by a reduction in loan commitment fees and a decrease in capital markets and advisory fees, largely due to lower interest rate derivatives fees, partially offset by higher advisory fees from the capstone acquisition. partially offsetting these decreases in noninterest income were increases in payments and cash management revenue and wealth and asset management revenue. noninterest expense increased $78 million, or 7%, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs reflecting the impact of the capstone acquisition and an increase in average full-time equivalent employees, higher allocated overhead, and the impact of the fdic dif special assessment, partially offset by lower lease financing equipment depreciation.
commercial banking reported net income of $1.1 billion in 2022, an increase of $148 million, or 16%, compared to the prior year period. segment net interest income increased $324 million, or 22%, primarily due to an increase in average loans and leases, reflecting the impact of the tcf acquisition and continued organic loan and lease growth, partially offset by a 34 basis point decrease in nim, driven by higher cost of funds. the provision for credit losses increased $6 million due to a combination of loan and lease growth in 2022 and a reduction in acl coverage ratios over the course of 2021, as there was more clarity around the economic impacts of covid-19. noninterest income increased $148 million, or 29%, reflecting the impact of the tcf acquisition in addition to an increase in capital markets and advisory fees, primarily due to higher advisory fees supported by the impact of the capstone partners acquisition, loan syndication fees, foreign exchange fees, and interest rate derivatives fees. noninterest expense increased $269 million, or 34%, primarily reflecting the impact of the tcf and capstone partners acquisitions, which led to higher personnel costs and allocated overhead.
treasury / other the treasury / other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, derivatives (including mark-to-market of interest rate caps, as applicable), and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the business segments. assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance.
net interest income includes the impact of administering our investment securities portfolios, the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity, as well as the financial impact associated with our ftp methodology, as described above. noninterest income includes miscellaneous fee income not allocated to other business segments, such as bank owned life insurance income and securities and trading asset gains or losses. noninterest expense includes certain corporate administrative, acquisition-related, if any, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. the provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 21% tax rate, although our overall effective tax rate is lower.
treasury / other reported a net loss of $543 million in 2023, a decrease in net income of $667 million, compared to the year-ago period, driven by a decrease in net interest income and an increase in noninterest expense, partially offset by an increase in provision benefit for income tax. net interest income decreased $693 million primarily due to a higher cost of funds. noninterest expense increased $155 million primarily due to increases in personnel costs and professional services. the increase in provision benefit for income taxes of $204 million is primarily due to lower pre-tax income in addition an increase in discrete tax benefits.
treasury / other reported net income of $124 million in 2022, an increase of $1.1 billion, compared to the year-ago period, driven by a $737 million increase in net interest income and a $669 million decrease in noninterest expense, partially offset by a $261 million reduction in provision benefit for income taxes.
huntington bancshares incorporated additional disclosures forward-looking statements this report, including md&a, contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. the forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
while there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions; deterioration in business and economic conditions, including persistent inflation, supply chain issues or labor shortages; instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets; the impact of pandemics, including the covid-19 pandemic and related variants and mutations, and their impact on the global economy and financial market conditions and our business, results of operations, and financial condition; the impacts related to or resulting from recent bank failures and other volatility, including potential increased regulatory requirements and costs, such as fdic special assessments, long-term debt requirements and heightened capital requirements, and potential impacts to macroeconomic conditions, which could affect the ability of depository institutions, including us, to attract and retain depositors and to borrow or raise capital; unexpected outflows of uninsured deposits which may require us to sell investment securities at a loss; rising interest rates which could negatively impact the value of our portfolio of investment securities; the loss of value of our investment portfolio which could negatively impact market perceptions of us and could lead to deposit withdrawals; the effects of social media on market perceptions of us and banks generally; cybersecurity risks; uncertainty in u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the federal reserve; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; movements in interest rates; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services including those implementing our "fair play" banking philosophy; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the basel iii regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the occ, federal reserve, fdic, and cfpb; and other factors that may affect the future results of huntington.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. huntington does not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. as forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.
non-gaap financial measures this document contains gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding our results of operations or financial position. where non-gaap financial measures are used, the comparable gaap financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure, can be found herein.
fully-taxable equivalent basis interest income, yields, and ratios on an fte basis are considered non-gaap financial measures. management believes net interest income on an fte basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes. the fte basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. the fte basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 21%. we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
2023 form 10-k non-regulatory capital ratios in addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
•tangible common equity to tangible assets,
•tangible equity to tangible assets, and
•tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel iii definitions.
these non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare our capitalization to other financial services companies. these ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes goodwill and other intangible assets, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. these ratios are not defined in gaap or federal banking regulations. as a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the company are considered non-gaap financial measures.
because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the company's calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. as a result, we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
risk factors more information on risk is discussed in the risk factors section included in item 1a: "risk factors" of this report. additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the risk management and capital discussion of this report, as well as the "regulatory matters" section included in item 1: business of this report.
critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this md&a, describes the significant accounting policies we used in our consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. our most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
allowance for credit losses our acl at december 31, 2023 represents our current estimate of the lifetime credit losses expected from our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded lending commitments. management estimates the acl by projecting probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default conditional on economic parameters, for the remaining contractual term. internal factors that impact the quarterly allowance estimate include the level of outstanding balances, the portfolio performance and assigned risk ratings.
one of the most significant judgments influencing the acl estimate is the macroeconomic forecasts. key external economic parameters that directly impact our loss modeling framework include forecasted unemployment rates and gdp. changes in the economic forecasts could significantly affect the estimated credit losses, which could potentially lead to materially different allowance levels from one reporting period to the next.
given the dynamic relationship between macroeconomic variables within our modeling framework, it is difficult to estimate the impact of a change in any one individual variable on the allowance. as a result, management uses a probability-weighted approach that incorporates a baseline, an adverse, and a more favorable economic scenario when formulating the quantitative estimate.
huntington bancshares incorporated however, to illustrate a hypothetical sensitivity analysis, management calculated a quantitative allowance using a 100% weighting applied to an adverse scenario. this scenario contemplates an increased risk of an extended government shutdown, persisting inflation concerns at the federal reserve causing the federal funds rate to remain elevated through the first quarter of 2024, ongoing banking industry uncertainty, and the tightening of lending standards. increased geopolitical tensions between china and taiwan impact the supply chain for semiconductors and the threat of a wider conflict causes consumer confidence to fall. additionally, the russian invasion of ukraine lasts longer than in the baseline scenario and concerns increase around the hamas-israel conflict leading to a broader war in the middle east. the combination of the risk of federal shutdown, political tensions, tightening lending standards and the federal funds rate remaining elevated cause the stock market to fall. the economy falls into a recession in the first quarter of 2024. in response to the recession, the federal reserve starts lowering the federal funds rate in the second quarter of 2024, with significant rate reductions by the end of 2024. under this scenario, as an example, the unemployment rate increases from baseline levels and remains elevated for a prolonged period, the rate is estimated at 7.6% and 6.9% at the end of 2024 and 2025, respectively. this forecast reflects unemployment rates that are approximately 3.6% and 2.9% higher than baseline scenario projections of 4.0% and 4.0%, respectively, for the same time periods.
to demonstrate the sensitivity to key economic parameters used in the calculation of our acl at december 31, 2023, management calculated the difference between our quantitative acl and this 100% adverse scenario. excluding consideration of qualitative adjustments, this sensitivity analysis would result in a hypothetical increase in our acl of approximately $1.1 billion at december 31, 2023. this hypothetical increase is reflective of the sensitivity of the rate of change in the unemployment variable on our models.
the resulting difference is not intended to represent an expected increase in allowance levels for a number of reasons including the following:
•management uses a weighted approach applied to multiple economic scenarios for its allowance estimation process;
•the highly uncertain economic environment;
•the difficulty in predicting the inter-relationships between the economic parameters used in the various economic scenarios; and
•the sensitivity estimate does not account for any general reserve components and associated risk profile adjustments incorporated by management as part of its overall allowance framework.
we regularly review our acl for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. in doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we also evaluate the impact of changes in key economic parameters and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in our portfolio as economic and market conditions may ultimately differ from our reasonable and supportable forecast. additionally, events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or our markets such as geopolitical instability, or risks of inflation including a near-term recession, could severely impact our current expectations. if the credit quality of our customer base materially deteriorates or the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. the extent to which the geopolitical instability and risks of inflation will continue to negatively impact our businesses, financial condition, liquidity, and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be forecasted with precision at this time. for more information, see note 5 - "loans / leases" and note 6 - "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
2023 form 10-k goodwill the acquisition method of accounting requires that assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. the valuation of assets and liabilities often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. this typically results in goodwill, the amount by which the cost of net assets acquired in a business combination exceeds their fair value, which is subject to impairment testing at least annually.
management reviews the goodwill of each reporting unit for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1 or more often if events or circumstances indicate that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value.
based on our annual impairment analysis of goodwill as of october 1, 2023, it was determined that the fair value of each reporting unit was in excess of its respective carrying value as of october 1, 2023; therefore, goodwill is considered not impaired. huntington additionally performs sensitivity analyses around discount rate assumptions utilized in order to assess the reasonableness of the rates, and the resulting estimated fair values. as of october 1, 2023, a 100 basis point increase in discount rates would reduce estimated entity level fair value by approximately $2 billion and would not result in any impairment, as each reporting unit's fair value would still exceed its carrying value.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments note 2 - "accounting standards update" of the notes to consolidated financial statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2023 and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. to the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affects financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements.
