item 1a. risk factors our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. we encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below when evaluating the information contained in this report as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
industry and economic risk factors we depend on the u.s. government for substantially all of our business, and risks that arise from conducting business with the u.s. government could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
a substantial majority of our business consists of the design, construction, repair, and maintenance of nuclear-powered ships and non-nuclear ships for the u.s. navy and coastal defense surface ships for the u.s. coast guard, as well as the refueling and overhaul and inactivation of nuclear-powered ships for the u.s. navy. we also provide integrated solutions that enable today's connected, all-domain force, including c5isr systems and operations; the application of artificial intelligence and machine learning to battlefield decisions; defense and offensive cyberspace strategies and electronic warfare; unmanned autonomous systems; live, virtual, and constructive training solutions; fleet sustainment; and critical nuclear operations. substantially all of our revenues in 2023 were derived from products and services sold to the u.s. government, and we expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. in addition, substantially all of our backlog as of december 31, 2023, was related to products and services deliverable to the u.s. government. our u.s. government contracts are subject to various risks, including customer political and budgetary constraints and processes, changes in customer short-term and long-term strategic plans, the timing of contract awards, significant changes in contract scheduling, recessionary impacts on government spending, intense contract award and funding competition, challenges forecasting costs and schedules for bids on developmental and sophisticated technical work, and contractor suspension or debarment in the event of certain legal or regulatory violations. any of these factors could materially affect our business with the u.s. government, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs, changes in customer priorities, and potential contract terminations could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we are directly dependent upon congressional funding of u.s. navy, u.s. coast guard, and other federal agency programs. under the normal legislative process, congress completes 12 annual appropriations bills each fiscal year to fund the activities of the federal agencies. when congress is unable to pass appropriations bills before the beginning of a fiscal year, a continuing resolution can be enacted to provide stopgap funding for a specified period of time at a specified rate, often the prior year's appropriations level. when the u.s. government operates under a continuing resolution, limitations can be placed on production increases, multi-year procurements, and new program starts, which may result in delays or cancellation of new contract awards. when the u.s. government fails to enact annual appropriations or a continuing resolution, a full or partial federal government shutdown may occur. a federal government shutdown could, in turn, result in the delay or cancellation of government programs, or the delay of contract payments, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results of operations.
congress sometimes appropriates funds on an annual fiscal year basis for programs for which the performance period may extend over multiple years. such programs are funded initially on a partial basis, and additional funds are committed only as congress makes further appropriations. if we incur costs in excess of existing funding on a contract, we may not recover those costs unless and until additional funds are appropriated. we cannot predict the extent to which total funding or funding for individual programs will be included, increased, or reduced as part of the annual budget process or through continuing resolutions or individual supplemental appropriations.
for additional information relating to the u.s. defense budget, see the business environment section under management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7.
current u.s. government spending levels for defense-related or other programs may not be sustained, and future spending and program authorizations may not increase or may decrease or shift to programs in areas in which we do not provide products or services or are less likely to be awarded contracts. such changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities may occur as a result of uncertainty surrounding the federal budget, increasing political pressure and legislation, shifts in spending priorities from defense-related or other programs as a result of competing demands for federal funds, the number and intensity of military conflicts or other factors. for example, the military conflicts between russia and ukraine and israel and hamas have resulted in increased security assistance to ukraine and israel, respectively. changes in defense budgetary priorities as a result of such conflicts or otherwise could have an adverse impact on our results.
demand for our products and services can also be affected by shifts in customer priorities resulting from changes in military strategy and planning. in response to the need for less expensive alternatives and the increasing proliferation of advanced weapons, future strategy reassessments by the dod may result in decreased demand for our shipbuilding programs, including our aircraft carrier programs. we cannot predict the impact of changes to customer priorities on existing, follow-on, replacement, or future programs. a shift of priorities to programs in which we do not participate and related reductions in funding for or the termination of programs in which we do participate could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
as of december 31, 2023, our total backlog was $48.1 billion, including $26.0 billion in funded backlog. the u.s. government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, with little or no prior notice, for convenience or for default based upon performance. in the event of termination of a contract for the u.s. government's convenience, a contractor is normally able to recover costs already incurred on the contract and profit on incurred costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. our unfunded backlog contains management's estimate of revenues expected to be realized on unfunded contracts that may never be realized. any termination could also result in the cancellation of future work on the related program. a termination resulting from our default can expose us to various liabilities, including excess re-procurement costs, and could negatively affect our ability to compete for future contracts. any contract termination could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
changes to department of defense business practices could have a material effect on dod's procurement process and adversely impact our current programs and potential new awards.
our industry has experienced, and we expect will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices resulting from greater focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs, and a reprioritization of defense funding. these initiatives and changes to procurement practices may change the way u.s. government contracts are solicited, negotiated, and managed, and may impact whether and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the u.s. government, including the terms and conditions under which we do so, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements, different award fee criteria (such as the evaluation of environmental factors), non-traditional contract provisions, and cost mandates from the government may affect our profitability and the predictability of our profit rates.
the u.s. government is also pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to contractors. for example, the dod is accelerating development and acquisition of new technologies through rapid acquisition alternatives and procedures, including through other transaction authority agreements ("otas"). in recent years, the dod has increased the frequency and size of otas, and we expect this trend to continue in the future. otas are exempt from many traditional procurement laws, including the far, and may be used, subject to certain conditions, for research, prototype development, and follow-on production for a successful prototype. ota awards include, in certain instances, that a significant portion of the work under the ota be performed by a non-traditional defense contractor or that a portion of the cost of the prototype project be funded by non-governmental sources. if we cannot successfully adapt to the dod's accelerated acquisition processes or if the dod significantly increases the use of otas with non-traditional defense contractors or increases cost sharing mandates, we may lose new strategic business opportunities in high-growth areas and our future performance and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in addition to the dod's business practice initiatives, the dcma and dcaa have implemented cost recovery/cost savings initiatives to prioritize cost recovery/savings. as a result, we have experienced and may continue to experience a higher number of audits and/or lengthened periods of time required to close open audits. moreover, the thresholds for certain allowable costs, including compensation costs, have been significantly reduced, and the allowability of other types of costs are being challenged, debated, and, in certain cases, modified. significant changes to the thresholds for allowable costs or the allowability of certain costs could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
competition within our markets or an increase in bid protests may reduce our revenues and market share.
u.s. defense spending levels are uncertain and difficult to predict. a longer term trend in reduced u.s. navy shipbuilding activity, evidenced by the reduction in fleet size from 566 ships in 1989 to 291 ships as of december 31, 2023, has resulted in workforce reductions but limited infrastructure consolidation. the general result has been fewer contracts awarded to the same fixed number of shipyards. five major private united states shipyards, two of which we own, plus many other smaller private shipyards compete for contracts to construct, overhaul, repair, and convert naval vessels. additionally, our products, such as aircraft carriers, submarines, amphibious assault ships, surface combatants, and other ships, compete for funding with each other, as well as with other defense products and services. we expect competition for future shipbuilding programs to be intense.
we compete with another large defense contractor for contracts to build surface combatants, submarines, and large deck amphibious ships, and smaller shipyards have entered the market for surface combatants. we may compete in the future with the same contractor and other shipyards to build new and different classes of ships, as well as ships for which we are currently the sole source, including expeditionary warfare and amphibious assault ships. moreover, reductions in u.s. defense spending that reduce the demand for the types of ships we build and services we provide increase our exposure to market competition risk. if we are unable to continue to compete successfully we may generate lower revenues and lose market share, which would negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and could impact our ability to compete for future defense contracts.
although we are the only company currently capable of refueling nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, two existing u.s. government shipyards may be able to refuel nuclear-powered aircraft carriers if they made substantial investments in facilities, personnel, and training. u.s. government-owned shipyards currently engage in the refueling, overhaul, and inactivation of los angeles class (ssn 688) submarines and are capable of repairing and overhauling non-nuclear ships. if a u.s. government-owned shipyard became capable of and engaged in the refueling of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows would likely be adversely affected.
we also compete in the shipbuilding engineering, planning, and design market with companies that provide engineering support services. such competition increases the risk we may not be the successful bidder on future u.s. navy engineering proposals, including aircraft carrier research and development, submarine design, and surface combatant and amphibious assault ship program contracts.
mission technologies competes domestically and internationally, across our business capability, against large a&d companies, primarily l3 harris, amentum, mantech, leidos, and, increasingly, small businesses serving the intelligence community. to a lesser extent, our lines of business compete on certain contracts with major prime a&d contractors, including lockheed martin, general dynamics, northrop grumman, raytheon, and boeing.
our competitive environment is also affected by bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. as the competitive environment intensifies, the number of bid protests may increase. bid protests can result in an award decision being overturned, requiring a re-bid of the contract. even when a bid protest does not result in a re-bid, resolution of the matter typically extends the time until contract performance can begin, which can reduce our earnings in the period in which the contract would otherwise be performed.
changes in estimates used in contract accounting could affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
contract accounting requires judgments relative to risk assessments, contract revenue and cost estimates, and assumptions regarding schedule and technical issues. the size and nature of many of our contracts make the estimation of total revenues and costs at completion complicated and subject to many variables. for new shipbuilding programs, we estimate, negotiate, and contract for construction of ships that are not completely designed, which subjects our risk assessments, revenue and cost estimates, and assumptions to the variability of the final ship design and an evolving scope of work. our assessment, estimation, and assumption processes significantly impact our contract accounting, and materially different amounts can result if different assumptions are used or if actual events differ from our assumptions. future changes in assumptions, circumstances, or estimates may have a material adverse effect on our future financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. see the contracts section under management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7.
our level of indebtedness and our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial and operating activities or our ability to incur additional debt.
our ability to make payments on and to refinance our current or future indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash from operations, financings, or asset sales, which may be subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. if we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be forced to sell assets or take other unfavorable actions, including reducing funding for working capital, capital expenditures, and general corporate purposes; reducing our cash dividend rate and/or share repurchases; or dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. in addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in the defense industry could be impaired. in the event of a default on any of our indebtedness, the lenders who hold such debt could accelerate amounts due, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of our other indebtedness.
we have classified contracts with the u.s. government, which limits investor insight into portions of our business.
we derive a portion of our revenues from programs with the u.s. government and its agencies that are subject to security restrictions (e.g., contracts involving classified information and classified programs), which preclude the dissemination of information and technology that is classified for national security purposes under applicable law and regulation. in general, access to classified information, technology, facilities or programs requires appropriate personnel security clearances, is subject to additional contract oversight and potential liability and may also require appropriate facility clearances and other specialized infrastructure. in the event of a security incident involving classified information, technology, facilities, programs or personnel holding clearances, we may be subject to legal, financial, operational and reputational harm. we are limited in our ability to provide information about these classified programs, their risks or any disputes or claims relating to such programs. as a result, investors have less insight into our classified business or our business overall. however, historically the business risks associated with our work on classified programs have not differed materially from those of our other government contracts.
business and operational risk factors cost growth on flexibly priced contracts that does not result in higher contract prices due from customers reduces our profit and exposes us to the potential loss of future business.
our operating income is adversely affected when we incur certain contract costs or certain increases in contract costs that cannot be billed to customers. cost growth can occur if expenses to complete a contract increase due to inflation, technical challenges, manufacturing difficulties, delays, workforce-related issues, or inaccurate initial contract cost estimates. reasons may include labor shortages or reduced productivity, the nature and complexity of the work performed, the timeliness and availability of materials or equipment, subcontractor performance or product quality issues, performance delays, availability and timing of customer funding, and natural disasters. a significant increase in contract costs from our original cost estimates on one or more contracts could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our ability to recover costs and realize profits on contracts with our u.s. government customers depends upon the type of contract under which we are performing: firm fixed-price, fixed-price incentive, cost-type, or time and material. see the contracts section under management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7 for descriptions of the types of contracts that comprise our business.
approximately 51% of our revenues in 2023 were generated under fixed-price incentive contracts, approximately 44% were generated under cost-type contracts, approximately 2% were generated under time and material contracts, and approximately 3% were generated under firm fixed-price contracts. fixed price contracts increase the risk that we may not recover all of our costs or will generate less profit or a loss. under each type of contract, our operating results could be adversely affected if we are unable to control costs, particularly if we are unable to negotiate an increase in contract price with our customers.
u.s. government contracts can extend for years, and unforeseen events, such as technology difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, a significant increase in or sustained period of higher inflation, supplier issues, including equipment delays, labor market conditions, and cost overruns, can result in the contract price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time. higher interest rates resulting from inflationary pressures can also impact the fair values of our contracts. moreover, if we fail to meet contract deadlines or specifications, we may be required to renegotiate contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages, or suffer major losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate.
some of our contracts have provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and, if we fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts, we may not realize their full benefits. cost overruns would adversely impact our results of operations, which are dependent on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts, and the potential risk would be greater if our contracts shifted toward a greater percentage of fixed-price contracts, particularly firm fixed-price contracts. cost overruns or the failure to perform on existing programs also may adversely affect our ability to retain existing programs and win future contract awards. in addition, changes in contract financing policy for fixed-price contracts, such as changes in performance and progress payments policies, including a reversal or modification of the dod's march 2020 increase to the applicable progress payment rate from 80% to 90%, could significantly affect the timing of our cash flows.
from time to time, we may begin performance under an undefinitized contract action with a not-to-exceed price prior to completing contract negotiations, in order to support u.s. government priorities. uncertainties relating to final contract price, specifications and terms, or loss of negotiating leverage associated with contract definitization, may negatively affect our profitability.
we depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract, train and retain such personnel could seriously harm our business.
due to the specialized nature of our business, our performance is dependent upon our ability to identify, attract, train, and retain a workforce with the requisite skills in multiple areas, including: engineering, nuclear, trades and crafts, manufacturing, information technology, and cybersecurity. our operating performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training to work on certain programs or tasks and can be difficult to replace on a timely basis if we experience unplanned attrition.
a growing portion of our current workforce is nearing or eligible for retirement. to the extent we lose experienced personnel, it is critical that we hire new qualified personnel, develop and train inexperienced employees, and successfully manage the short and long-term transfer of critical knowledge and skills. competition for talent is intense, and this may affect our ability to successfully attract or retain personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. we compete with commercial technology companies outside of the shipbuilding and defense industry for qualified technical positions. such companies may be able to offer more attractive compensation and other benefits to candidates, including in the recruitment of our existing employees. as a result of the above factors, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant difficulties hiring and retaining personnel with relevant qualifications and experience, which has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow, and could impact our ability to perform under our contracts and compete for new contracts. we have also experienced higher labor, recruiting, and training costs to attract and retain such employees, which has negatively impacted our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow. a shortage of skilled employees has and may continue to impact our ability to perform our contracts and may impact our ability to compete for new contracts.
our earnings and profitability depend, in part, upon subcontractor performance and raw material and component availability and pricing.
we rely on third parties to provide raw materials, major components and sub-systems, hardware elements, and sub-assemblies for our products and to perform certain services we provide to our customers, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable dod cybersecurity requirements. disruptions and performance issues from our suppliers and subcontractors, or inconsistencies between our contractual obligations to our customers and our agreements with our subcontractors and suppliers, could adversely impact our ability to meet our commitments to customers. our ability to satisfy our obligations on a timely basis are adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors are unable to provide agreed-upon products, materials, or services in a timely, compliant, and cost-effective manner, or they otherwise fail to satisfy contractual requirements. the inability of our suppliers or subcontractors to meet expectations could also result in our need to transition to alternate parties, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay, or the need for us to provide other supplemental support to our existing suppliers and subcontractors.
our costs to manufacture our products can increase over the terms of our contracts, including as a result of increases in material costs and wages. although we may be protected from increases in material costs through cost escalation provisions, the difference in basis between our actual material costs and industry indices may expose us to cost recovery risk. our bids for longer-term firm fixed-price contracts typically include assumptions for labor and other contract costs that historically have been sufficient to cover cost increases over the period of performance. if, however, recent inflationary conditions continue over the long-term, our cost assumptions may not be sufficient to cover potential contract cost growth. in addition, significant delays in deliveries of key raw materials, which may occur as a result of shortage or pricing, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
in some cases, only one supplier may exist for certain components and parts required to manufacture our products. the inability of a sole source supplier to provide a necessary component or part on a timely, compliant, and cost-effective basis could increase our contract cost and affect our ability to satisfy our contract obligations.
our procurement practices are intended to provide materials, components, parts, and services that meet contract specifications and to reduce the likelihood of our procurement of unauthorized, non-compliant, or deficient goods and services. we rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and the obligations set forth in the hii supplier code of conduct, through representations and certifications from our subcontractors and suppliers regarding such compliance. we also conduct technical assessments, inspections, and audits, as necessary, with subcontractors and suppliers. notwithstanding the actions we take to mitigate the risk of receiving non-compliant materials, components, parts, and services, subcontractors and suppliers sometimes provide us with unauthorized, non-compliant, or deficient goods and services, which can increase our contract costs and impact our ability to satisfy our contract obligations to our customers.
many of our contracts include performance obligations that incorporate innovative designs, state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise, or new technologies, or otherwise are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control, and failure to meet performance expectations could adversely affect our profitability and future prospects.
we design, develop, and manufacture products and perform services that often involve innovative designs, new technologies, and complex manufacturing processes. delays and issues with product development, technology implementation, manufacturing, or subcontractor components or services can impact our contract performance.
first-in-class ships, also known as lead ships, usually include new technologies supplied by the u.s. navy or other contractors or developed by us. problems associated with development or implementation of these new technologies or design changes in the construction process can lead to delays in the design and construction schedule. the risks associated with new technologies or design changes during construction can both increase the cost of a ship and delay delivery.
our products cannot always be tested and proven and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems, including premature failure of elements that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, substandard quality or workmanship, and unexpected degradation of product performance. these failures could result in loss of life or property and could negatively affect our results of operations as a result of unanticipated expenses that we don't recover, diversion of management attention, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, reimbursement to the customer of contract costs and fee payments previously received.
we periodically experience quality issues with respect to products and services that we sell to our u.s. government customers. these issues can and have required significant resources to determine the source of the deficiencies and implement corrective actions. we may discover quality issues in the future related to our products and services that require analysis and corrective action. such issues and our responses and corrective actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
changes in key estimates and assumptions associated with postretirement benefit plans, such as discount rates and assumed long-term returns on assets, actual investment returns on our pension plan assets, and legislative and regulatory actions could significantly affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
our pension and retiree health care costs are dependent upon various estimates and assumptions, particularly with respect to the discount rate and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, which to a large extent are reflective of the financial markets and economic conditions. changes to these estimates and assumptions and differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets could significantly impact our retirement related expense, the funded status of benefit plans, and contributions to our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, which could have material adverse effects on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. in addition, pension cost recoveries under cas for our u.s. government contracts occur in different periods from those in which pension expense is recognized under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") or the periods in which we make contributions to our benefit plans, and changes to estimates and assumptions and differences between expected and actual returns could adversely affect the timing of those pension cost recoveries.
we have taken actions intended to mitigate the risk related to our defined benefit pension plans through pension risk transfer transactions whereby we purchase group annuity contracts ("gacs") from insurance companies using assets from the pension trust. we expect to continue to evaluate such transactions in the future. although we are relieved of all responsibility for the associated pension obligations under the gacs we have purchased to date, we may in the future purchase gacs whereby the insurance company reimburses the pension plans but we remain responsible for paying benefits under the plans to covered retirees and beneficiaries and are subject to the risk that the insurance company will default on its obligations to reimburse the pension trusts. while we believe pension risk transfer transactions are beneficial, future transactions, depending on their size, could result in us making additional contributions to the pension trust and/or require us to recognize noncash settlement charges in earnings in the applicable reporting period.
our business is subject to disruptions caused by natural disasters, environmental disasters, and other events that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we have significant operations located in regions of the united states that have been and may in the future be exposed to damaging storms, such as hurricanes and floods, the intensity and frequency of which are being exacerbated by climate change, other impacts of climate change, including rising sea waters, and environmental disasters, such as oil spills. natural disasters can disrupt our workforce, electrical and other power distribution networks, computer and internet operations and accessibility, and critical industrial infrastructure needed for normal business operations, which can adversely affect our contract performance and, as a result, our financial results. environmental disasters, particularly oil spills in waterways and bodies of water we use for transporting and testing our ships, can cause schedule delays under our contracts with the u.s. navy and the u.s. coast guard.
damage and disruption resulting from natural and environmental disasters may be significant. should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms be unavailable or insufficient to recover material costs associated with natural or environmental disasters or other events, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. see our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and financial position.
our suppliers and subcontractors are also subject to natural and environmental disasters that could affect their ability to deliver products or services or otherwise perform their contracts. performance failures by our subcontractors or suppliers due to natural or environmental disasters may adversely affect our ability to perform our contracts, which could reduce our profitability in the event damages or other costs are not recoverable from the subcontractor or supplier, our customer, or insurers. such events could also result in a termination of the prime contract and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts.
we face risks related to health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks.
we face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks, including global health crises like covid-19. such risks include disruptions or restrictions on our employees' ability to work or work effectively, temporary closures of our facilities or the facilities of our customers or suppliers, delays in supplier deliveries, and delays in customer contract awards. we experienced higher employee absentee rates as a result of covid-19, which increased our costs and generated delay and disruption, impacted our performance on our contracts, and degraded our financial performance. we could incur similar impacts in the future, in connection with health epidemics, pandemics, or similar outbreaks, and related cost increases may not be fully recoverable under our contracts or adequately covered by insurance, which could impact our profitability.
the covid-19 health crisis also created challenges for our suppliers relative to their workforces, access to necessary components, materials, and other supplies at reasonable prices, and access to support services, such as shipping and transportation. these challenges have impacted the ability of suppliers to provide agreed-upon goods and services in a timely, compliant, and cost-effective manner. we may in the future incur additional costs and performance challenges, including as a result of higher prices, schedule delays, or the need to identify and develop alternative suppliers.
our business could be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful negotiating new collective bargaining agreements.
approximately 45% of our employees are covered by a total of nine collective bargaining agreements and one site stabilization agreement. newport news has three collective bargaining agreements covering represented employees, which expire in april 2024, february 2027, and december 2027. newport news craft workers employed at the kesselring site near saratoga springs, new york are represented under an indefinite doe site agreement. ingalls has five collective bargaining agreements covering represented employees, all of which expire in march 2026. approximately 15 mission technologies employees in klamath falls, oregon are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires in june 2025.
collective bargaining agreements generally expire after three to five years and are subject to renegotiation at that time. while we believe we maintain satisfactory relationships with our represented workers, it is possible we may experience difficulties renegotiating expiring collective bargaining agreements. we have experienced in the past work stoppages, strikes, and other labor disruptions associated with the collective bargaining of new labor agreements. if we experience such events in the future, we could incur additional costs or work delays that could adversely affect programs served by employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
we could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cyber security threats, and related disruptions.
as a defense contractor, we rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including classified and other sensitive information of the u.s. government. we face substantial cyber security threats to our information technology infrastructure, including threats to our and the u.s. government's proprietary and classified information from advanced nation state threat actors, sophisticated cybercrime syndicates, hacktivists, and insiders. such cyber security threats include security breaches (whether through cyber attack, cyber intrusion, or insider threat) via the internet; malicious software, including ransomware; computer viruses; attachments to emails; persons inside our organization or with access to systems inside our organization; subcontractors or suppliers; or other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems or those of our suppliers or subcontractors.
our information technology infrastructure is critical to the efficient operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations. breaches of our information technology can be expected to lead to the following types of adverse consequences: losses or misuse of sensitive information or capabilities; theft or corruption of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; financial costs and liabilities; protracted interruptions of our operations and performance; significant recovery and restoration expenses; degraded performance on existing contracts; the misuse of our products; and exposure to reputational damage, potential liability, or the loss of current or future contracts, including work on sensitive or classified systems for the u.s. government, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
while we implement countermeasures to address the risks posed by cyber security threats, external and internal threat actors continuously seek to evade our cyber security countermeasures to gain unauthorized and unlawful access to our information technology infrastructure, assets, and data, both on premises and in the cloud. even the most well-protected information, networks, systems, and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber attacks and cyber intrusions or disruptions, regularly occur and will continue to occur in the future and the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. as a result, we are not always able to anticipate techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures.
our suppliers, subcontractors, and other business partners also face cyber security and other security threats. although we undertake cooperative efforts with our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and other business partners to facilitate their understanding of cyber security threats they face and potential cyber security countermeasures to mitigate potential cyber attacks and other security threats, we rely substantially on the safeguards implemented by these organizations, which affects the security of our information. these organizations have varying levels of cyber security expertise and safeguards, and their relationships with u.s. government contractors increases the likelihood that they are or will be targeted by the same cyber security threats we face.
we could also encounter threats to our physical security, including our facilities and personnel, and threats from workplace violence, civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, and other local security issues, any of which could disrupt our business. such events may require us to incur greater costs for security or to shut down operations for a period of time.
changes in future business conditions could cause business investments, recorded goodwill, and/or purchased intangible assets to become impaired, resulting in losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
our business strategy includes strategic business acquisitions and non-controlling investments in businesses. we make acquisitions and investments following careful analysis and due diligence to achieve a desired strategic objective or acquire a desired capability or technology. acquisitions involve estimates, assumptions, and judgments to arrive at acquisition prices, which are allocated among acquired assets, including goodwill, based upon fair market values. notwithstanding our acquisition process and business integration efforts, actual operating results of businesses we acquire or in which we invest may vary from expectations. in such events, we may be required to write down our carrying values of the related goodwill, purchased intangible assets, or investments. in addition, declines in the trading price of our common stock or the market as a whole can result in goodwill and/or purchased intangible asset impairment charges associated with our existing businesses.
as of december 31, 2023, goodwill and purchased intangible assets from prior business acquisitions accounted for approximately 23% and 8%, respectively, of our total assets. we evaluate goodwill values for impairment annually, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. we also evaluate the values of purchased intangible assets when evidence of potential impairment exists. the impairment tests are based on several factors involving judgment. as a general matter, a significant decrease in expected cash flows or unfavorable changes in market conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill or purchased intangible assets.
legal and regulatory risk factors as a u.s. government contractor, we are heavily regulated and could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or negative findings from a u.s. government audit or investigation.
as a u.s. government contractor, we must comply with significant regulatory requirements, including those relating to award, administration, and performance of u.s. government contracts, as well as legal and regulatory requirements relating to cyber security, environmental protection, and our nuclear operations. government contracting requirements increase our contract performance costs and compliance costs and risks, and change on a routine basis. in addition, our nuclear operations are subject to an enhanced regulatory environment, which results in further performance and compliance requirements and higher costs. new laws, regulations, or procurement requirements, or changes to existing ones (including, for example, regulations related to recovery of compensation costs, cyber security, counterfeit parts, specialty metals, conflict minerals, and climate-related disclosure), can increase our performance costs and compliance costs and risks, and reduce our profitability.
we are overseen and audited by the u.s. government and its various agencies, including the u.s. navy's supervisor of shipbuilding, the dcaa, and the dcma. these agencies evaluate our contract performance, cost structures, and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of our business systems and processes relative to u.s. government requirements. if an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to administrative, civil, or criminal proceedings, which could result in fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory, treble, or other damages. certain u.s. government findings against a contractor can also lead to suspension or debarment from future u.s. government contracts or the loss of export privileges. allegations of impropriety can also cause significant reputational damage.
the u.s. government also has the ability to decrease or withhold contract payments if it determines significant deficiencies exist in one or more of our business systems. the u.s. government has, in certain instances, withheld contract payments upon its assessment that deficiencies exist with one or more of our business systems, which can have a material impact on the timing of our cash receipts.
the u.s. government has from time to time recommended that certain of our contract prices be reduced, or that certain costs allocated to our contracts be disallowed, which sometimes involve substantial dollar amounts. in response to u.s. government audits, investigations, and inquiries, we have also made adjustments from time to time to our contract prices and costs allocated to our government contracts. such audits, investigations, and inquiries may result in future reductions of our contract prices, which could be substantial. costs we incur that are determined to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be recovered or must be refunded to the customer if previously reimbursed.
we must comply with a variety of federal laws and regulations, including the far, the dfars, the truth in negotiations act, the false claims act, the procurement integrity act, the international traffic in arms regulations promulgated under the arms export control act, the close the contractor fraud loophole act, the foreign corrupt practices act, and cas. if a determination is made that we engaged in illegal activities or that we are not presently responsible, as defined under the far, we may be subject to reductions in contract values, contract modifications or terminations, penalties, fines, repayments, compensatory, treble, or other damages, or suspension or debarment, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. in addition, cyber security and data privacy and protection laws and regulations are evolving and presenting increasing compliance challenges, which increase our costs and may affect our competitiveness, cause reputational harm, and expose us to damages claims, substantial fines, or other penalties.
environmental costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our operations are subject to and affected by federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations relating to the discharge, storage, treatment, handling, disposal, and remediation of certain materials, substances, and wastes used in our operations. future environmental laws or regulations could also impact us. environmental laws and regulations may require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit emissions or discharges and/or to decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous material releases. we expect to incur future capital and operating costs to comply with current and future laws and regulations for environmental protection and remediation, and such costs could be substantial, depending on the future proliferation of environmental requirements and the extent to which we discover currently unknown environmental conditions.
shipbuilding operations require the use of hazardous materials. our shipyards also generate significant quantities of wastewater, which we treat before discharging in compliance with applicable permits. to manage these materials, our shipyards have an extensive network of above ground and underground storage tanks, some of which have leaked and required remediation in the past. in addition, our use of hazardous materials has sometimes resulted in releases in our shipyards and occasionally in adjacent rivers and waterways in which we operate.
various federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations impose restrictions on the discharge of pollutants into the environment and establish standards for the transportation, storage, and disposal of toxic and hazardous wastes. substantial fines, penalties, and criminal sanctions may be imposed for noncompliance, and certain environmental laws impose joint and several "strict liability" for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances. such laws and regulations impose liability upon a party for environmental cleanup and remediation costs and damage without regard to the negligence or fault of such party and could expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by third parties. moreover, if we violate the clean air act or the clean water act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the epa on the "excluded parties list" maintained by the general services administration, which would continue until the epa concluded the cause of the violation was cured. facilities on the "excluded parties list" are prohibited from working on any u.s. government contract.
our business may be impacted by climate change and governmental and industry actions taken in response. changes in environmental and climate-related laws or regulations, including regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, carbon pricing, energy taxes, product efficiency standards, mandatory disclosure obligations, and u.s. government procurement requirements, could increase our operational and compliance expenditures and those of our suppliers, including increased energy and raw materials costs and costs associated with manufacturing changes, and lead to new or additional investments in product designs and facility upgrades. customers, shareholders, and institutional investors continue to increase their focus on environmental, social, and governance matters, including our environmental sustainability practices and commitments with respect to our operations, products, and suppliers. as a result, we anticipate that we will need to make additional investments in new technologies and capabilities and devote additional management and other resources in response to the foregoing.
the adoption of new environmental or climate change laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, imposition of new cleanup requirements, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination, litigation involving environmental matters, our inability to recover related costs under our government contracts, or the financial insolvency of other responsible parties could cause us to incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our nuclear operations subject us to environmental, regulatory, financial, and other risks.
the design, construction, refueling and overhaul, repair, and inactivation of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and nuclear-powered submarines, our nuclear facilities used to support such activities, our nuclear operations at doe sites, and our activities in the commercial nuclear market subject us to various risks, including:
potential liabilities relating to harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from nuclear operations and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive materials, including nuclear assemblies and their components;
unplanned expenditures relating to maintenance, operations, security, and repairs, including repairs required by the u.s. navy, the nuclear regulatory commission, or the doe;
reputational damage;
potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident whether or not it is within our control; and
regulatory noncompliance and loss of authorizations or indemnifications necessary for our operations.
failure to properly store, handle, and dispose of nuclear materials could pose a health risk to humans and wildlife and could cause personal injury and property damage, including environmental contamination. if a nuclear accident were to occur, its severity could be significantly affected by the volume of the materials and the speed of remedial actions taken by us and emergency response personnel, as well as other factors beyond our control, such as weather and wind conditions. actions we might take in response to an accident could result in significant costs.
our nuclear operations are subject to various safety related requirements imposed by the u.s. navy, the doe, and the nuclear regulatory commission. in the event of noncompliance, these agencies may increase regulatory oversight, impose fines, or shut down our operations, depending on their assessment of the severity of the noncompliance. in addition, new or revised security and safety requirements imposed by the u.s. navy, doe, and nuclear regulatory commission could require substantial capital and other expenditures.
subject to certain requirements and limitations, our contracts with the u.s. navy and doe generally provide for indemnity by the u.s. government for costs arising out of or resulting from our nuclear operations. we may not, however, be indemnified for all liabilities we may incur in connection with our nuclear operations. to mitigate risks related to our commercial nuclear operations, we rely primarily on insurance carried by nuclear facility operators and our own limited insurance for losses in excess of the coverage of facility operators. such insurance, however, may not be sufficient to cover our costs in the event of an accident or business interruption relating to our commercial nuclear operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our reputation and our ability to conduct business may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, or business partners.
our compliance program incorporates detailed compliance plans and related compliance controls, policies, procedures, and training designed to prevent and detect misconduct by employees, agents, business partners, and others working on our behalf, including suppliers and subcontractors, that would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, cost accounting and billing, competition, and data privacy. from time to time we are impacted by the misconduct of employees and business partners, and we may be impacted in the future by the misconduct of our employees, agents, business partners, and others working on our behalf, including suppliers and subcontractors. the risk of improper conduct may be expected to increase as we expand our operations into foreign jurisdictions. any improper actions by our employees, agents, business partners, and others working on our behalf could subject us to administrative, civil, or criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties, including suspension or debarment, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. moreover, actions that are inconsistent with our values, including with respect to product safety or quality, legal or regulatory compliance, financial reporting, or people management, may cause us significant reputational damage.
changes in tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial results.
changes in u.s. (federal or state) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, could result in increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows. for example, beginning in 2022, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures immediately in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize such expenditures over five years. this change reduced our 2023 cash from operations by $68 million, and we estimate it will reduce our 2024 cash from operations by approximately $59 million. the actual impact on 2024 cash from operations will depend on whether and when these provisions are deferred, modified, or repealed by congress, including any retroactive application, among other factors.
in addition to future changes in tax laws, the amount of net deferred tax liabilities will change periodically as a result of a number of factors, including the measurement of our defined benefit pension plans, actual cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, changes in the timing of contract taxable income, and changes in the amount and timing of depreciation and amortization deductions. we are also regularly under audit or examination by taxing authorities, including foreign tax authorities. the final determination of tax liabilities and any related litigation could similarly result in unanticipated increases in our tax expense and affect profitability and cash flows.
we are subject to claims and litigation that could ultimately be resolved against us, requiring future material cash payments and/or future material charges against our operating income, which would materially impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
the size, nature, and complexity of our business make us highly susceptible to claims and litigation. we are subject to various administrative, civil, and criminal litigation, environmental claims, income tax proceedings, compliance proceedings, customer claims, and audits and investigations, which can divert financial and management resources and result in fines, penalties, compensatory, treble, or other damages, or nonmonetary sanctions. government regulations also provide that certain allegations against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export privileges. suspension or debarment would have a material adverse effect on our business because of our reliance on government contracts and authorizations. the negative resolution of litigation, claims, or investigations could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. any litigation, claim, audit, or investigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively or acquire adequate insurance in the future. see note 14: investigations, claims, and litigation in item 8.
we may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could affect our ability to compete.
we own patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other forms of intellectual property related to our business, and we license intellectual property rights to and from third parties. the u.s. government generally receives non-exclusive licenses to certain intellectual property we develop in the performance of u.s. government contracts, and the u.s. government may use or, in some cases, authorize third parties to use such intellectual property. the u.s. government can take aggressive positions both as to the intellectual property to which they believe government use rights apply and to the acquisition of broad license rights. to the extent the u.s. government is successful, the intellectual property on which we depend and our access to and use of certain supplier intellectual property could be negatively affected.
we also rely upon proprietary technology, information, processes, and know-how that are not protected by patents. we seek to protect this information through trade secret or confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, subcontractors, and other parties, as well as through other measures. these agreements and other measures may not, however, adequately protect the trade secrets on which we depend. in addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by competitors.
our intellectual property is also subject to challenge, invalidation, infringement, misappropriation, or circumvention by third parties. in the event of infringement, misappropriation, breach of a confidentiality agreement, or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies to protect our intellectual property. litigation to determine the scope of our rights or to protect our rights, even if successful, could be costly and a diversion of management's attention. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our business could be adversely affected.
we also use certain intellectual property licensed to us by third parties. in the case of such licensed intellectual property, we may be unable in the future to secure the necessary licenses to use such intellectual property, or to secure the licenses on commercially reasonable terms.
anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law, as well as regulatory requirements, could delay or prevent a change in control.
certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws may delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders might consider favorable. for example, our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws currently require advance notice for stockholder proposals and director nominations, and authorize our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock. delaware law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock and us.
our nuclear shipbuilding operations are considered vitally important to the u.s. navy. as a result, our navy contracts include notice and approval rights for the navy and conditions regarding the navy's obligations to indemnify us for losses relating to our naval nuclear operations, in the event of a change of control of our nuclear shipbuilding operations. such provisions require us to provide the u.s. navy with notice of any potential change of control of our nuclear shipbuilding operations and receive the navy's consent to transfer certain related licenses to facilitate the navy's ability to confirm that a potential buyer would continue to conduct our operations in a satisfactory manner.
provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws and our existing contracts with the u.s. navy may have the effect of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change of control of our company that may be beneficial to our stockholders and could have a negative impact on our stock price.
our restated bylaws include an exclusive forum requirement for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for such disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
our restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or, if the court of chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the district of delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, other employees, or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the general corporation law of the state of delaware or as to which the general corporation law of the state of delaware confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery, (iv) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of our certificate of incorporation or restated bylaws, (v) any action asserting an "internal corporate claim" as that term is defined in section 115 of the general corporation law of the state of delaware, or (vi) any action governed by the internal affairs doctrine. this exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the securities act or the exchange act, which provides for exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts.
the exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs and liabilities associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions.
general risk factors our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and financial position.
we seek to insure our significant risks and potential liabilities that are insurable, including, among others, property loss from natural disasters, product liability, and business interruption resulting from an insured property loss. in some circumstances, we may be indemnified for losses by the u.s. government, subject to the availability of appropriated funds. not every risk or liability can be protected by insurance, and, for insurable risks, the limits of coverage we can reasonably purchase may not be sufficient to cover the full amount of our actual losses or liabilities, including, for example, in the case of a catastrophic hurricane. in addition, the nature of our business can make it difficult to quantify the disruptive impact and loss resulting from such events. limitations on the availability of insurance coverage may result in substantial uninsured losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. even in cases for which we have insurance coverage, disputes with insurance carriers over coverage may affect the timing of cash flows and cause us to incur significant expense to pursue insurance claims. in addition, an unfavorable outcome in the event of litigation with an insurance carrier may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
market volatility and adverse capital market conditions may affect our ability to access cost-effective sources of funding and may expose us to risks associated with the financial viability of suppliers and subcontractors.
the financial markets experience high levels of volatility and disruption from time to time, reducing the availability of credit for certain issuers. we access these markets from time to time to support certain business activities, including funding acquisitions and capital projects and refinancing existing indebtedness. we may also access these markets to acquire credit support for our workers' compensation self-insurance program and letters of credit. a number of factors could cause us to incur higher borrowing costs and experience greater difficulty accessing public and private debt markets, including disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook, or credit ratings. the occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations, meet contractual commitments, make future investments or desirable acquisitions, or respond to competitive challenges.
tightening capital markets could also adversely affect the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to obtain financing. delays in the ability of our suppliers or subcontractors to obtain financing, or the unavailability of financing, could negatively affect their ability to perform their contracts with us and, as a result, our ability to satisfy our contractual obligations. the inability of our suppliers and subcontractors to obtain financing could also result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers and subcontractors, which could result in us incurring significant incremental costs and delays.
if we fail to manage acquisitions, joint ventures, equity investments, and other transactions successfully or if acquired businesses or equity investments fail to perform as expected, our financial results, business, and future prospects could be harmed.
as part of our business strategy, we identify and evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures, and investments. when evaluating such transactions, we make significant judgments regarding the values of business opportunities, technologies, and other assets, the risks and costs of potential liabilities, and the future prospects of strategic acquisitions. we often compete with other potential buyers for the same opportunities. to be successful, we conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies; negotiate transaction terms;
complete and close complex transactions; integrate acquired companies and employees; and realize anticipated operating synergies efficiently and effectively. acquisition, joint venture, and investment transactions often require substantial management resources and have the potential to divert our attention from our existing business. unidentified or identified but un-indemnified or uninsured pre-closing liabilities could affect our future financial results, particularly through successor liability under procurement laws and regulations, such as the false claims act or truth in negotiations act, anti-corruption, environmental, tax, import-export, and technology transfer laws, which provide for civil and criminal penalties and the potential for debarment. we also may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, employee retention, transaction-related or other litigation, and other liabilities. any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
joint ventures and other non-controlling investments operate under shared control with other parties. these investments typically include many of the same risks and uncertainties we incur, but may also expose us to additional risks not present if we retained full control. a joint venture partner may have economic or other business interests that are inconsistent with our interests, and we may be unable to prevent strategic decisions that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. we also could be adversely affected by, or liable for, actions taken by joint ventures that we do not control, including violations of anti-corruption, import and export, taxation, and anti-boycott laws.
we can provide no assurance we will continue to increase our dividends or to repurchase shares of our common stock at current levels.
the payment of cash dividends and repurchases of our common stock are subject to limitations under applicable law and the discretion of our board of directors, considered in the context of then current conditions, including our earnings, other operating results, and capital requirements. declines in asset values or increases in liabilities, including liabilities associated with benefit plans and assets and liabilities associated with taxes, can reduce stockholders' equity. a deficit in stockholders' equity could limit our ability under delaware law to pay dividends and repurchase shares in the future. in addition, the timing and amount of share repurchases under board-approved share repurchase programs are within the discretion of management and depend upon many factors, including our share price, results of operations, capital requirements, and general business conditions, as well as applicable law.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion should be read along with the audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, as well as part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
business environment we continue to see uncertainty, both domestically and globally, with challenges for customers and suppliers, labor shortages, supply chain challenges, and inflation, among other impacts.
defense spending environment - congressional consideration of the $886 billion fiscal year 2024 president's budget request for defense spending began following its submission to congress on march 9, 2023. additionally, after the statutory debt limit of $31.4 trillion was reached in january, the president signed into law the fiscal responsibility act of 2023 (the "fra") on june 3, 2023, which suspended the federal debt limit through january 1, 2025 and established new discretionary funding limits for defense and non-defense accounts. the fra capped national defense spending at $886 billion for fiscal year 2024 (consistent with the president's budget request level) and $895 billion for fiscal year 2025. in accordance with the fra, since congress did not pass full-year appropriations for all discretionary spending by the end of calendar year 2023, fiscal year 2024 discretionary spending is subject to sequestration after april 30, 2024. any additional emergency supplemental funding legislation during fiscal years 2024 and 2025 is not subject to the budget caps.
the house and senate reached a compromise agreement on the national defense authorization act ("ndaa") for fiscal year 2024 in december 2023. overall, the fiscal year 2024 ndaa authorizes $886 billion for national defense programs, consistent with the spending caps directed in the fra. the compromise legislation supports our shipbuilding priorities with a total authorization of $32.9 billion for shipbuilding programs, including the authorization of an lpd 33 flight ii amphibious ship along with incremental funding authority, two virginia class (ssn 774) submarines, one columbia class (ssbn 826) ballistic missile submarine, and two arleigh burke class (ddg 51)
destroyers. additionally, the fiscal year 2024 ndaa authorizes multiyear procurement authority for the block vi virginia class (ssn 774) submarine contract and includes authorities to help implement the australia-united kingdom-united states security partnership, including the authority to transfer virginia class submarines to australia effective in fiscal year 2025.
both house and senate appropriations bills have been passed out of committee, and the house defense appropriations bill has been approved by the full house. the house defense appropriations measure broadly supports the president's budget request for shipbuilding, including funding for two virginia class (ssn 774) submarines, one columbia class (ssbn 826) ballistic missile submarine and two arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers. the senate appropriations committee included $500 million in advance procurement for lpd 33 (unnamed) and advance procurement for a third arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyer in fiscal year 2025, as well as full funding for two arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers, two virginia class (ssn 774) submarines, and one columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine in fiscal year 2024.
although a new fiscal year began on october 1, 2023, annual appropriations to fund the federal government for fiscal year 2024 have not been enacted. to provide congress additional time to reach agreements on funding levels for federal agencies, a continuing resolution ("cr") extending funding through november 17, 2023, at fiscal year 2023 levels was enacted on september 30, 2023. congress passed a second cr in november 2023 that extended agencies covered by four of the appropriations bills until january 19, 2024, and the balance of agencies, including the dod, until february 2, 2024. an additional cr passed by congress in january 2024 further extended government funding deadlines under the previous cr's division of appropriations bills until march 1, 2024, and march 8, 2024.
while the dod is normally prohibited from starting new programs or increasing funding on existing programs under a cr, the current cr includes an exception that will allow the dod to deviate from typical restrictions and obligate funding to begin construction of the second columbia class nuclear submarine (ssbn 827). we cannot predict the outcome of the fiscal year 2024 budget process or whether additional short-term funding will be required in the event annual appropriations measures are not finalized by the expiration date of the current cr.
global geopolitical environment - our current operating environment exists in the broader context of political and socioeconomic priorities and continues to be impacted by uncertainty, heightened geopolitical tensions, and instability. geopolitical relationships continue to change, and the u.s. and its allies face a global security environment that includes threats from state and non-state actors, including major global powers, as well as terrorist organizations, emerging nuclear tensions, diverse regional security concerns, and political instability.
in february 2022, russian forces invaded ukraine, and the conflict is continuing. in response, the u.s. and other countries imposed economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other restrictions on russia. this conflict and the associated sanctions have impacted the global economy, causing heightened cybersecurity risks and an exacerbation of supply chain challenges, higher energy costs, and inflationary pressures. additionally, and more broadly, tensions with china and changes in international trade policies, including higher tariffs on imported goods and materials, could impact the global market for defense products, services, and solutions. meanwhile, the duration and impact of the evolving conflict surrounding israel and gaza is unknown but is likely to have global economic and political ramifications.
the escalating strategic competition with china and the implications of russia's invasion of ukraine and the israeli-gaza conflict have led asian, oceania, and european countries, in particular, to pay renewed attention to their military budget. global military expenditures surpassed $2 trillion for the first time in 2021, and the recent conflicts in both ukraine and israel could lead to more demand.
economic environment - conflict or the threat thereof has led to an increase in economic and trade sanctions and export controls. economic tensions with other nations and changes in international trade policies, including higher tariffs on imported goods and materials and renegotiation of free trade agreements, have impacted the global market for defense products, services, and solutions. global supply chain and labor markets continue to experience high levels of disruption, causing significant materials and parts shortages, including raw material, microelectronics and commodity shortages, as well as delivery delays, labor shortages, and price increases.
domestically, the political ramifications of national debt levels coupled with the uncertainty of economic indices including inflation, gross domestic product growth, and the pace of recovery from the coronavirus pandemic could increase pressure on discretionary spending. while monthly inflation rates have steadily declined since peaking at
9.1% in june of 2022, rising military personnel and operations and maintenance costs continue to pressure the pentagon's investment portfolio buying power. if above-average inflationary conditions continue over the long-term, additional resources may be required to address contract and labor cost growth.
the labor market continues to present significant challenges. we monitor labor market conditions and trends and work continuously to mitigate the effects of labor constraints through targeted programs. challenges in the labor market are addressed through targeted talent acquisition, partnerships with community colleges, apprentice school sourcing and recruiting, workforce succession planning, and initiatives to retain current employees. labor shortages are also impacting our supply chain, resulting in longer lead times for materials, parts, and other supplies. we work with our suppliers and subcontractors to mitigate risk, arrange supply source alternatives, increase our inventory of available materials and parts, and regularly pursue cost reductions through quantity orders of materials.
talent attraction and retention and the ability to maintain a qualified workforce affects not only industry prime contractors but suppliers as well. challenges incurred by our suppliers relative to their workforces, access to necessary components, materials, and other supplies at reasonable prices, and access to support services, such as shipping and transportation, may impact the ability of suppliers to provide agreed-upon goods and services in a timely, compliant, and cost-effective manner. we may in the future incur additional costs and performance challenges, including as a result of higher prices, schedule delays, or the need to identify and develop alternative suppliers.
while costs related to covid-19 events are allowable under u.s. government contracts, our contract financial estimates reflect cost recovery uncertainty, because such costs may not result in equitable adjustments, particularly on firm fixed-price and fixed-price incentive contracts, or may not be adequately covered by insurance. reinsurers under our property insurance failed to acknowledge coverage for various losses related to covid-19, and we filed a complaint in state court in vermont seeking a judgment declaring that our business interruption and other losses associated with covid-19 are covered by our property insurance program. we also initiated arbitration proceedings against other reinsurers seeking similar relief. the vermont court dismissed our complaint, and we appealed the decision to the vermont supreme court, which reversed and remanded the lower court's decision in september 2022, allowing our claim to proceed. no assurance can be provided regarding the ultimate resolution of this matter. see note 14: investigations, claims, and litigation.
u.s. political environment - while geopolitical pressures may point to a world where spending on defense and security in the u.s. should increase, it remains for congress and the executive branch to determine how best to balance defense and other discretionary spending with rising entitlement costs and a focus in washington on the federal deficit. the 118th congress is nearly equally divided with a thin majority held in both the house and senate. given the partisan political environment that will likely continue through the 2024 elections, when the presidency, all 435 house seats, and 34 senate seats will be up for consideration, the prospect for significant legislative activity in 2024 is low.
program descriptions for convenience, a brief description of certain programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k is included in the glossary of programs.
contracts we generate most of our revenues from long-term u.s. government contracts for the production of goods and services. government contracts typically include the following cost elements: direct material, labor and subcontracting costs, and certain indirect costs, including allowable general and administrative expenses. unless otherwise specified in a contract, costs billed to contracts with the u.s. government are treated as allowable and allocable costs under the far and cas regulations. examples of costs incurred by us that are not allowable under the far and cas regulations include certain legal costs, lobbying costs, charitable donations, interest expense, organizational costs, including certain merger and acquisition costs, and advertising costs.
we monitor our policies and procedures with respect to our contracts on a regular basis to ensure consistent application under similar terms and conditions, as well as compliance with all applicable government regulations. in addition, the dcaa routinely audits the costs we incur that are allocated to u.s. government contracts.
our contracts typically fall into one of four categories: firm fixed-price, fixed-price incentive, cost-type, and time and materials. see note 7: revenue in item 8.
firm fixed-price contracts - a firm fixed-price contract is a contract in which the specified scope of work is agreed to for a price that is predetermined by bid or negotiation and not generally subject to adjustment regardless of costs incurred by the contractor.
fixed-price incentive contracts - fixed-price incentive contracts provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs, but are subject to a cost-share limit that affects profitability. fixed-price incentive contracts effectively become firm fixed-price contracts once the cost-share limit is reached.
cost-type contracts - cost-type contracts provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs plus a fee that represents profit. cost-type contracts generally require that the contractor use its reasonable efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within some specified time and some stated dollar limitation.
time and materials - time and materials contracts specify a fixed hourly billing rate for each direct labor hour expended and reimbursement for allowable material costs and expenses.
contract fees - negotiated contract fee structures include: fixed fee amounts, cost sharing arrangements to reward or penalize contractors for under- or over-cost target performance, respectively, positive award fees, and negative penalty arrangements. profit margins may vary materially depending on the negotiated contract fee arrangements, percentage-of-completion of the contract, the achievement of performance objectives, and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined.
award fees - certain contracts contain award fees based on performance criteria such as cost, schedule, quality, and technical performance. award fees are determined and earned based on an evaluation by the customer of our performance against such negotiated criteria. we consider award fees to be variable consideration and generally include these fees in the transaction price using a most likely amount approach. award fees are limited to the extent of funding allotted by the customer and available for performance and those amounts for which a significant reversal of revenue is not probable.
critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. management considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to our financial condition and results of operations and requires significant judgment and estimates by management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by our management. we have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. due to the significant judgment involved in selecting certain of the assumptions used in these policies, it is possible that different parties could choose different assumptions and reach different conclusions. while we base estimates and assumptions on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. we consider our policies relating to the following matters to involve our most critical accounting policies and estimates:
revenue recognition;
retirement related benefit plans; and
workers' compensation.
revenue recognition most of our revenues are derived from long-term contracts for the production of goods and services provided to the u.s. government, which are generally accounted for by recognizing revenues over time using a cost-to-cost measure of progress. in estimating contract costs, we utilize a profit-booking rate based upon performance expectations that incorporate a number of assumptions and estimates regarding risks related to technical requirements, feasibility, schedule, and contract costs. management performs periodic reviews of the contracts to evaluate the underlying risks, which may increase the profit-booking rate as we are able to mitigate and retire such risks. for the impacts of changes in estimates on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, see note 7: revenue and note 8: segment information in item 8.
retirement related benefit plans we recognize, on a plan-by-plan basis, the funded status of our retirement related benefit plans as an asset or liability on our balance sheet, with corresponding adjustments to after-tax accumulated other comprehensive loss and deferred tax assets or liabilities. the funded status represents the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. see note 17: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8.
we calculate our retirement related benefit plan costs under both cas and u.s. gaap financial accounting standards ("fas"). the calculations under cas and fas require significant judgment. cas prescribes the determination, allocation, and recovery of retirement related benefit plan costs on u.s. government contracts through the pricing of products and services. fas prescribes the methodology used to determine retirement related benefit plan expense or income, as well as the liability, for financial reporting purposes. the cas requirements for these costs and their calculation methodologies differ from fas. as a result, while both cas and fas use assumptions in their calculation methodologies, each method results in different calculated amounts of retirement related benefit plan costs.
we recover our cas costs through the pricing of products and services on u.s. government contracts, so that the cas cost is recognized in segment product sales and service revenues and in the costs of those product sales and service revenues. in order to present our consolidated financial statements in accordance with fas, we record the difference between our fas expense and cas cost ("fas/cas adjustment") as operating income within segment operating income and non-operating retirement benefit (expense).
the minimum funding requirements for our qualified pension plans are determined under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa"), which is primarily based on the year's expected service cost and amortization of other previously unfunded liabilities. effective january 1, 2011, we were subject to the funding requirements under the pension protection act of 2006 (the "ppa"), which amended erisa. under the ppa and the american rescue plan act of 2021, we are required to fully fund our pension plans over a rolling 15-year period as determined annually based upon the funded status at the beginning of each year. the ppa also introduced a variety of benefit restrictions that apply if a plan falls below certain funded percentages, as defined by the internal revenue code. in funding our plans, we consider various factors, including the minimum funding requirements, the funded status needed to avoid potential benefit restrictions and other adverse consequences, minimum cas funding requirements, and the current and anticipated funding levels of each plan.
effective january 1, 2021, we adopted the safe harbor methodology for determining cas pension costs. as a result, the interest rates used to calculate pension liabilities under cas are consistent with those used in the determination of minimum funding requirements under erisa.
pension funding requirements for plan sponsors under erisa are subject to pension relief in the form of higher interest rate assumptions introduced by the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act and subsequently extended by the american rescue plan act of 2021. using these minimum funding interest rates for the purposes of determining pension costs under cas reduces volatility in cas costs year-over-year and provides more predictable costs for our customers, while better aligning reimbursements of pension costs under our contracts with our required pension plan contributions under erisa.
due to the differences in requirements and calculation methodologies between fas and cas, our fas pension expense is not necessarily indicative of the funding requirements under the ppa or the amounts we recover from the u.s. government under cas.
assumptions - we account for our retirement related benefit plans on the accrual basis under fas. the measurements of obligations, costs, assets, and liabilities require significant judgment. we annually review our assumptions, which are set at each year end and generally not changed during the following year unless a major plan event occurs, such as an amendment, curtailment, or settlement that would trigger a remeasurement. the key assumptions in these measurements are the interest rate used to discount future benefit payments and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
discount rate - the assumed discount rate under fas is used to determine the retirement related benefit plan obligations and expense, and represents the hypothetical rate at which plan benefit obligations could be effectively settled at the measurement date. consequently, the discount rate can be volatile from year to year. the discount rate assumption is determined for each plan by constructing a hypothetical portfolio of high-quality bonds with cash flows that match the estimated outflows for future benefit payments to determine a single equivalent discount rate. benefit payments are not only contingent on the terms of a plan but also on the underlying participant demographics, including current age and assumed mortality. we use only bonds that are denominated in u.s. dollars, are rated aa or better by nationally recognized statistical rating agencies, have a minimum outstanding issue of $50 million as of the measurement date, and are not callable, convertible, or index-linked.
expected long-term rate of return - the expected long-term rate of return on assets is used to calculate net periodic expense, based on such factors as historical returns, targeted asset allocations, investment policy, duration, expected future long-term performance of individual asset classes, interest rates, inflation, portfolio volatility, investment management and administrative fees, and risk management strategies. historical plan asset performance alone has inherent limitations in predicting future returns. while studies are helpful in understanding past and current trends and performance, the rate of return assumption is based more on long-term prospective views to avoid short-term market influences. unless plan assets and benefit obligations are subject to re-measurement during the year, the expected return on pension assets is based on the fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year.
mortality - mortality assumptions are used to determine the retirement related benefit obligations and expense, and represent the likelihood and duration of benefit payments to plan participants based on historical experience and projected longevity. we periodically update our mortality assumptions as circumstances warrant.
differences arising from actual experience or changes in assumptions might materially affect retirement related benefit plan obligations and the funded status. actuarial gains and losses arising from differences between assumptions and actual experience or changes in assumptions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss. this unrecognized amount is amortized as a component of net expense to the extent it exceeds 10% of the greater of the plan's benefit obligation or plan assets. the amortization period for actuarial gains and losses is the estimated average remaining service life of the plan participants. in 2023, the actual return on assets was approximately 12.3%, which was greater than the expected return assumption of 8.00%. for the year ended december 31, 2023, the weighted average discount rates for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans decreased by 19 and 15 basis points, respectively. the differences in asset returns resulted in an actuarial gain of $263 million, and the differences in discount rates resulted in an actuarial loss of $144 million for the year ended december 31, 2023.
an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return assumptions would have had the following approximate impacts on pension expense and obligations:
($ in millions)                increase (decrease) in 2024 expense        increase (decrease) in december 31, 2023 obligations
25 basis point decrease in discount rate                                   $7                                                  $193
25 basis point increase in discount rate                                  (6)                                                 (184)
25 basis point decrease in expected return on assets                                   17
25 basis point increase in expected return on assets                                 (17)
assuming an 8.00% expected return on assets assumption, a $50 million pension plan contribution is generally expected to favorably impact the current year expected return on assets by approximately $2 million, depending on the timing of the contribution.
sensitivities to assumptions are not necessarily linear and are specific to the time periods noted.
cas cost - in addition to providing the methodology for calculating retirement related benefit plan costs, cas also prescribes the method for assigning those costs to specific periods. while the ultimate liability for such costs under fas and cas is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. the key drivers of cas pension cost include the funded status and the method used to calculate cas reimbursement for each of our plans. a plan's cas pension cost can only be allocated until the plan is fully funded as defined under the cas requirements.
other fas and cas pension considerations - a key driver of the difference between fas expense and cas cost (and consequently the fas/cas adjustment) is the pattern of earnings and expense recognition for actuarial gains and losses that arise when our asset and liability experiences differ from our assumptions under each set of requirements. under fas, our net actuarial gains and losses exceeding the 10% corridor are amortized over the estimated average remaining service life of the plan participants. under cas harmonization, the amortization period is 10 years for actuarial gains and losses. both fas and cas use a "market-related value" of plan assets approach to calculate the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. under cas, actual asset gains and losses are systematically smoothed over five years, subject to certain limitations. for fas, we do not use this smoothing method, and instead use fair value in determining our fas expense. accordingly, fas expense generally reflects recent asset gains and losses sooner than cas.
additionally, cas cost is only recognized for plans that are not fully funded as defined under cas. if a plan becomes or ceases to be fully funded due to our asset or liability experience, our cas cost will change accordingly.
retirement plan assets - retirement plan assets are stated at fair value. investments in equity securities (common and preferred) are valued at the last reported sales price when an active market exists. investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued based on market transactions for comparable securities and various relationships between securities that are generally recognized by institutional traders. investments in hedge funds, real estate investment funds, private partnerships, collective trust funds, and commingled funds are generally valued at their net asset values ("nav") or equivalent, which are based on the current fair values of the fund's underlying assets.
management reviews independently appraised values, audited financial statements, and additional pricing information to evaluate the nav or its equivalent.
for the limited group of investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which the above valuation procedures are deemed not to reflect fair value, additional information is obtained from the investment manager and evaluated internally to determine whether any adjustments are required to reflect fair value. see note 17: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8.
accumulated other comprehensive loss - changes in assumptions and changes to plan assets and benefit obligations due to differences between actuarial assumptions and actual results are reported as actuarial gains and losses and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, along with unrecognized prior service costs arising from plan amendments. as disclosed in note 17: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8, net pre-tax unrecognized actuarial losses as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 were $455 million and $678 million, respectively. the decrease in actuarial losses in 2023 was primarily driven by asset returns greater than expected returns of $263 million, updated mortality assumptions of $118 million, and amortization of previously unrecognized actuarial losses of $2 million, offset by lower discount rates used to determine benefit obligations of $144 million.
net pre-tax unrecognized prior service costs (credits) as of december 31, 2023 and 2022 were $125 million and $140 million, respectively. these net deferred costs (credits) primarily originated from plan amendments, including those resulting from collective bargaining agreements. the change in unrecognized prior service costs (credits) in 2023 resulted from plan amendments and the amortization of previously accumulated prior service costs (credits).
workers' compensation our operations are subject to federal and state workers' compensation laws. we maintain self-insured workers' compensation plans and participate in federally administered second injury workers' compensation funds. we estimate the liability for such claims and funding requirements on a discounted basis utilizing actuarial methods based on various assumptions, which include our historical loss experience and projected loss development factors. we periodically, and at least annually, update our assumptions based on an actuarial analysis. for further information on workers' compensation, see environmental, health & safety in item 1 and note 16: commitments and contingencies in item 8.
accounting standards updates see note 3: accounting standards updates in item 8 for further information.
consolidated operating results the following table presents selected financial highlights:
year ended december 31                                       2023 over 2022                                       2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                                      2023                        2022                        2021                 dollars                      percent                   dollars                    percent sales and service revenues                                    $11,454                     $10,676                      $9,524                   $778                            7    %               $1,152                         12    %
cost of product sales and service revenues                      9,808                       9,236                       8,156                    572                            6    %                1,080                         13    %
income from operating investments, net                             37                          48                          41                   (11)                         (23)    %                    7                         17    %
other income and gains, net                                       120                           1                           2                    119                       11,900    %                  (1)                       (50)    %
general and administrative expenses                             1,022                         924                         898                     98                           11    %                   26                          3    %
operating income                                                  781                         565                         513                    216                           38    %                   52                         10    %
interest expense                                                 (95)                       (102)                        (89)                      7                            7    %                 (13)                       (15)    %
non-operating retirement benefit                                  148                         276                         181                  (128)                         (46)    %                   95                         52    %
other, net                                                         19                        (20)                          17                     39                          195    %                 (37)                      (218)    %
federal and foreign income taxes                                  172                         140                          78                     32                           23    %                   62                         79    %
net earnings                                                     $681                        $579                        $544                   $102                           18    %                  $35                          6    %
operating performance assessment and reporting we manage and assess the performance of our business based on our performance on individual contracts and programs using the financial measures referred to below, with consideration given to the critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments referred to in this section. our portfolio of long-term contracts is largely flexibly-priced. therefore, sales tend to fluctuate in concert with costs across our large portfolio of active contracts, with operating income being a critical measure of operating performance. under far rules that govern our business with the u.s. government, most types of costs are allowable, and we do not focus on individual cost groupings, such as cost of sales or general and administrative expenses, as much as we do on total contract costs, which are a key factor in determining contract operating income. as a result, in evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and service revenues, as well as operating income, including the effects of significant changes in operating income as a result of changes in contract financial estimates and the use of the cumulative catch-up method of accounting in accordance with gaap. this approach is consistent with the long-term life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance in a similar manner through contract completion. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing our business.
cost of sales for both product sales and service revenues consists of materials, labor, and subcontracting costs, as well as an allocation of indirect costs for overhead. we manage the type and amount of costs at the contract level, which is the basis for estimating our total costs at completion of our contracts. unusual fluctuations in operating performance driven by changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts are described in our analysis.
sales and service revenues period-to-period revenues reflect performance under new and ongoing contracts. changes in sales and service revenues are typically expressed in terms of volume. unless otherwise described, volume generally refers to increases (or decreases) in reported revenues due to varying production activity levels, delivery rates, or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes will typically carry a corresponding income change based on the profit margin rate for a particular contract.
sales and service revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased $778 million, or 7%, compared to the same period in 2022, due to higher volumes at mission technologies, newport news, and ingalls.
cost of sales and service revenues cost of sales for both product sales and service revenues consists of materials, labor, and subcontracting costs, as well as an allocation of indirect costs for overhead. we manage the type and amount of costs at the contract level, which is the basis for estimating our total costs at completion of our contracts. unusual fluctuations in operating performance driven by changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts are described in our analysis.
refer to "segment operating results" and "product and service analysis" in this section for details related to cost of sales for both product sales and service revenues.
income from operating investments, net the activities of our operating investments are closely aligned with the operations of the segments holding the investments. we therefore record income related to earnings from equity method investments in our operating income.
refer to "segment operating results" in this section for details related to income from operating investments.
other income and gains, net other income and gains, net in 2023 was $120 million, compared to $1 million in 2022. the increase was due to the sale of our court judgment against the bolivarian republic of venezuela, to recover unpaid receivables for the prior repair, refurbishment, and modernization of foreign-built frigates, and the settlement of a representations and warranties insurance claim related to the acquisition of hydroid.
general and administrative expenses in accordance with industry practice and the regulations that govern the cost accounting requirements for government contracts, most general and administrative expenses are considered allowable and allocable costs on government contracts. these costs are allocated to contracts in progress on a systematic basis, and contract performance factors include this cost component as an element of cost.
general and administrative expenses in 2023 increased $98 million, or 11%, compared to 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher overhead costs and state income taxes.
operating income we consider operating income an important measure for evaluating our operating performance, and, consistent with industry practice, we define operating income as revenues less the related costs of producing the revenues and general and administrative expenses.
we internally manage our operations by reference to "segment operating income," which is defined as operating income before the operating fas/cas adjustment and non-current state income taxes, neither of which affects contract performance. segment operating income is not a recognized measure under gaap. when analyzing our operating performance, investors should use segment operating income in addition to, and not as an alternative for, operating income or any other performance measure presented in accordance with gaap. it is a measure we use to evaluate our core operating performance. we believe segment operating income reflects an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. we believe the measure is used by investors and is a useful indicator to measure our performance. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of segment operating income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. refer to "segment operating results" in this section for details related to segment operating income, as well as activity within each segment.
the following table reconciles operating income to segment operating income:
year ended december 31                            2023 over 2022                            2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                        2023                      2022                      2021        dollars                    percent        dollars                    percent operating income                                   $781                      $565                      $513          $216                         38    %       $52                         10    %
operating fas/cas adjustment                         72                       145                       157          (73)                       (50)    %      (12)                        (8)    %
non-current state income taxes                     (11)                         2                        13          (13)                      (650)    %      (11)                       (85)    %
segment operating income                           $842                      $712                      $683          $130                         18    %       $29                          4    %
fas/cas adjustment and operating fas/cas adjustment the fas/cas adjustment reflects the difference between expenses for pension and other postretirement benefits determined in accordance with gaap and the expenses for these items included in segment operating income in accordance with cas. the operating fas/cas adjustment excludes the following components of net periodic benefit costs: interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of prior service cost (credit) and actuarial loss (gain), and settlement and curtailment effects.
the components of the operating fas/cas adjustment were as follows:
year ended december 31                                     2023 over 2022                                     2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                                       2023                        2022                        2021                 dollars                    percent                 dollars                    percent fas benefit (expense)                                              $30                         $86                       $(28)                  $(56)                       (65)    %               $114                        407    %
cas cost                                                            46                          45                          52                      1                          2    %                (7)                       (13)    %
fas/cas adjustment                                                  76                         131                          24                   (55)                       (42)    %                107                        446    %
non-operating retirement benefit                                 (148)                       (276)                       (181)                    128                         46    %               (95)                       (52)    %
operating fas/cas adjustment (expense) benefit                   $(72)                      $(145)                      $(157)                    $73                         50    %                $12                          8    %
the operating fas/cas adjustment in 2023 was a net expense of $72 million, compared to a net expense of $145 million in 2022. the favorable change was primarily driven by higher interest rates under fas.
we expect the fas/cas adjustment in 2024 to be a net benefit of approximately $115 million (($65) million fas and $50 million cas), primarily driven by the more immediate recognition of the 2023 asset returns, offset by lower interest rates under fas.
we expect the operating fas/cas adjustment in 2024 to be a net expense of approximately $63 million ($113 million fas and $50 million cas), primarily driven by lower interest rates under fas. the expected fas/cas adjustment is subject to change during 2024, when we remeasure our actuarial estimate of the unfunded benefit obligation with updated census data and other items later in the year.
non-current state income taxes non-current state income taxes include deferred state income taxes, which reflect the change in deferred state tax assets and liabilities, and the tax expense or benefit associated with changes in state unrecognized tax benefits in the relevant period. these amounts are recorded within operating income. current period state income tax expense is charged to contract costs and included in cost of sales and service revenues in segment operating income.
non-current state income tax benefit in 2023 was $11 million, compared to non-current state income tax expense of $2 million in 2022. the favorable change in non-current state income taxes was primarily driven by a decrease in deferred state income tax expense, primarily attributable to the timing of long-term contract income for tax purposes.
segment operating results basis of presentation our discussion of business segment performance focuses on sales and service revenues and operating income,
40
consistent with our approach for managing our business. we are aligned into three reportable segments: ingalls, newport news, and mission technologies.
the following table presents segment operating results:
year ended december 31                                     2023 over 2022                                       2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                                         2023                        2022                        2021                 dollars                    percent                   dollars                    percent sales and service revenues ingalls                                                           $2,752                      $2,570                      $2,528                   $182                          7    %                  $42                          2    %
newport news                                                       6,133                       5,852                       5,663                    281                          5    %                  189                          3    %
mission technologies                                               2,699                       2,387                       1,476                    312                         13    %                  911                         62    %
intersegment eliminations                                          (130)                       (133)                       (143)                      3                          2    %                   10                          7    %
sales and service revenues                                       $11,454                     $10,676                      $9,524                   $778                          7    %               $1,152                         12    %
operating income ingalls                                                             $362                        $292                        $281                    $70                         24    %                  $11                          4    %
newport news                                                         379                         357                         352                     22                          6    %                    5                          1    %
mission technologies                                                 101                          63                          50                     38                         60    %                   13                         26    %
segment operating income                                             842                         712                         683                    130                         18    %                   29                          4    %
non-segment factors affecting operating income operating fas/cas adjustment                                        (72)                       (145)                       (157)                     73                         50    %                   12                          8    %
non-current state income taxes                                        11                         (2)                        (13)                     13                        650    %                   11                         85    %
operating income                                                    $781                        $565                        $513                   $216                         38    %                  $52                         10    %
key segment financial measures sales and service revenues period-to-period revenues reflect performance under new and ongoing contracts. changes in sales and service revenues are typically expressed in terms of volume. unless otherwise described, volume generally refers to increases (or decreases) in reported revenues due to varying production activity levels, delivery rates, or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes will typically carry a corresponding income change based on the profit margin rate for a particular contract.
segment operating income segment operating income reflects the aggregate performance results of contracts within a segment. excluded from this measure are certain costs not directly associated with contract performance, such as the operating fas/cas adjustment and non-current state income taxes. changes in segment operating income are typically expressed in terms of volume, as discussed above, or performance. performance refers to changes in contract profit margin rates. these changes typically relate to profit recognition associated with revisions to estimated costs at completion ("eac"), which reflect improved or deteriorated operating performance on that contract. operating income changes are accounted for on a cumulative to date basis at the time an eac change is recorded. segment operating income may also be affected by, among other things, contract performance, the effects of workforce stoppages, the effects of natural disasters such as hurricanes, resolution of disputed items with the customer, recovery of insurance proceeds, and other discrete events. at the completion of a long-term contract, any originally estimated costs not incurred or reserves not fully utilized, such as warranty reserves, could also impact contract earnings. where such items have occurred and the effects are material, a separate description is provided.
41
net cumulative catch-up revenue adjustments for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, favorable and unfavorable cumulative catch-up revenue adjustments were as follows:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                     2023                   2022                      2021
gross favorable adjustments                     $309                      $325                      $244
gross unfavorable adjustments                  (191)                     (212)                     (129)
net adjustments                                 $118                      $113                      $115
for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, net cumulative catch-up revenue adjustments by segment were as follows:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                            2023                      2022                      2021
ingalls                                 $91                      $109                      $103
newport news                              9                      (13)                         6
mission technologies                     18                        17                         6
net adjustments                        $118                      $113                      $115
ingalls year ended december 31                                     2023 over 2022                                     2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                          2023                        2022                        2021                 dollars                    percent                 dollars                    percent sales and service revenues                         $2,752                      $2,570                      $2,528                   $182                          7    %                $42                          2    %
segment operating income                              362                         292                         281                     70                         24    %                 11                          4    %
as a percentage of segment sales                     13.2   %                    11.4   %                    11.1   %
sales and service revenues ingalls sales and service revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $182 million, or 7%, in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily driven by higher volumes in surface combatants and amphibious assault ships, partially offset by lower volumes in the nsc program.
segment operating income ingalls segment operating income in 2023 was $362 million, compared to segment operating income of $292 million in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by the sale of our court judgment against the bolivarian republic of venezuela, to recover unpaid receivables for the prior repair, refurbishment, and modernization of foreign-built frigates, higher volumes described above, and a contract incentive on jeremiah denton (ddg 129), partially offset by lower risk retirement on uss fort lauderdale (lpd 28), delivered in 2022, and harrisburg (lpd 30).
newport news year ended december 31                                     2023 over 2022                                     2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                          2023                        2022                        2021                 dollars                    percent                 dollars                    percent sales and service revenues                         $6,133                      $5,852                      $5,663                   $281                          5    %               $189                          3    %
segment operating income                              379                         357                         352                     22                          6    %                  5                          1    %
as a percentage of segment sales                      6.2   %                     6.1   %                     6.2   %
sales and service revenues newport news sales and service revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $281 million, or 5%, in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily driven by higher volumes in aircraft carrier construction and engineering, the columbia
42
class (ssbn 826) submarine program, submarine services, and the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, partially offset by lower volumes in aircraft carrier rcoh and naval nuclear support services.
segment operating income newport news segment operating income in 2023 was $379 million, compared to segment operating income of $357 million in 2022. the increase was due to higher volumes described above and revenue adjustment on the rcoh of uss george washington (cvn 73), partially offset by contract incentives on the columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine program in 2022.
mission technologies year ended december 31                                     2023 over 2022                                     2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                          2023                        2022                        2021                 dollars                    percent                 dollars                    percent sales and service revenues                         $2,699                      $2,387                      $1,476                   $312                         13    %               $911                         62    %
segment operating income                              101                          63                          50                     38                         60    %                 13                         26    %
as a percentage of segment sales                      3.7   %                     2.6   %                     3.4   %
sales and service revenues mission technologies sales and service revenues, including intersegment sales, for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased $312 million, or 13%, compared to 2022, primarily due to higher volumes in c5isr and cew&s contracts.
segment operating income mission technologies segment operating income for the year ended december 31, 2023, was $101 million, compared to segment operating income of $63 million in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by the settlement of a representations and warranties insurance claim related to the acquisition of hydroid and higher volumes described above, partially offset by a contract loss and lower equity income from the disposition of our investment in an unconsolidated ship repair and specialty fabrication joint venture.
product and service revenues and cost analysis the following table presents segment sales and service revenues by both product and service:
segment sales and service revenues
($ in millions)                                                                          year ended december 31                                     2023 over 2022                                       2022 over 2021
segment information                                2023                        2022                        2021                 dollars                    percent                   dollars                    percent ingalls product                                      $2,495                      $2,372                      $2,357                   $123                          5    %                  $15                          1    %
service                                         248                         186                         156                     62                         33    %                   30                         19    %
intersegment                                      9                          12                          15                    (3)                       (25)    %                  (3)                       (20)    %
total ingalls                                 2,752                       2,570                       2,528                    182                          7    %                   42                          2    %
newport news product                                       5,053                       4,821                       4,543                   $232                          5    %                  278                          6    %
service                                       1,077                       1,026                       1,109                    $51                          5    %                 (83)                        (7)    %
intersegment                                      3                           5                          11                   $(2)                       (40)    %                  (6)                       (55)    %
total newport news                            6,133                       5,852                       5,663                    281                          5    %                  189                          3    %
mission technologies product                                         116                          90                         100                    $26                         29    %                 (10)                       (10)    %
service                                       2,465                       2,181                       1,259                   $284                         13    %                  922                         73    %
intersegment                                    118                         116                         117                     $2                          2    %                  (1)                        (1)    %
total mission technologies                    2,699                       2,387                       1,476                    312                         13    %                  911                         62    %
segment totals product                                      $7,664                      $7,283                      $7,000                   $381                          5    %                 $283                          4    %
service                                       3,790                       3,393                       2,524                   $397                         12    %                  869                         34    %
total segment                               $11,454                     $10,676                      $9,524                   $778                          7    %               $1,152                         12    %
the following table presents segment cost of sales and service revenues by both product and service:
segment cost of sales and service revenues
($ in millions)                                                                          year ended december 31                                        2023 over 2022                                          2022 over 2021
segment information                                2023                        2022                        2021                    dollars                    percent                      dollars                    percent ingalls product                                      $2,031                      $1,931                      $1,885                      $100                          5    %                     $46                          2    %
service                                         207                         162                         132                        45                         28    %                      30                         23    %
intersegment                                      9                          12                          15                       (3)                       (25)    %                     (3)                       (20)    %
total ingalls                                 2,247                       2,105                       2,032                       142                          7    %                      73                          4    %
newport news product                                       4,254                       4,097                       3,856                      $157                          4    %                     241                          6    %
service                                         900                         858                         941                       $42                          5    %                    (83)                        (9)    %
intersegment                                      3                           5                          11                      $(2)                       (40)    %                     (6)                       (55)    %
total newport news                            5,157                       4,960                       4,808                       197                          4    %                     152                          3    %
mission technologies product                                         121                          73                          85                       $48                         66    %                    (12)                       (14)    %
service                                       2,223                       1,970                       1,100                      $253                         13    %                     870                         79    %
intersegment                                    118                         116                         117                        $2                          2    %                     (1)                        (1)    %
total mission technologies                    2,462                       2,159                       1,302                       303                         14    %                     857                         66    %
segment totals product                                      $6,406                      $6,101                      $5,826                      $305                          5    %                    $275                          5    %
service                                       3,330                       2,990                       2,173                      $340                         11    %                     817                         38    %
total segment (1)                            $9,736                      $9,091                      $7,999                      $645                          7    %                  $1,092                         14    %
(1) operating fas/cas adjustment is excluded from segment cost of product sales and service revenues.
product sales and segment cost of product sales product sales in 2023 increased $381 million, or 5%, from 2022, primarily as a result of higher volumes at newport news in aircraft carrier construction, the columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine program, and the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, and higher volumes at ingalls in surface combatants and amphibious assault ships, partially offset by lower volumes at newport news in aircraft carrier rcoh and lower volumes at ingalls in the nsc program.
cost of product sales in 2023 increased $305 million, or 5%, compared to 2022, consistent with higher product sales described above.
service revenues and segment cost of service revenues service revenues in 2023 increased $397 million, or 12%, from 2022, primarily as a result of higher volumes at mission technologies in c5isr and cew&s contracts, higher volumes at newport news in aircraft carrier engineering and submarine services, and higher volumes at ingalls in surface combatant services, partially offset by lower volumes at newport news in naval nuclear support services.
cost of service revenues in 2023 increased $340 million, or 11%, compared to 2022, consistent with higher service volumes described above.
other financial information interest expense interest expense in 2023 was $95 million, compared to $102 million in 2022. the change was driven by an increase in capitalized interest costs on construction in progress.
non-operating retirement benefit the non-operating retirement benefit includes the following components of net periodic benefit costs: interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of prior service cost (credit) and actuarial loss (gain), and settlement and curtailment effects.
the non-operating retirement benefit in 2023 was $148 million, compared to $276 million in 2022. the unfavorable change was primarily driven by lower 2022 returns on plan assets.
other, net other, net income in 2023 was $19 million, compared to other, net expense of $20 million in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by unrealized net gains in investments.
federal and foreign income taxes our effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 20.2% in 2023, compared to 19.5% in 2022. the increase in our effective tax rate for 2023 was primarily attributable to prior period research and development tax credits recorded in 2022.
in october 2021, the organization for economic co-operation and development (the "oecd") announced the oecd/g20 inclusive framework on base erosion and profit shifting (the "framework"), which agreed to a two-pillar solution to address tax challenges arising from digitalization of the economy. in december 2021, the oecd released pillar two model rules defining the global minimum tax rules, which contemplate a minimum tax rate of 15%. to date, various jurisdictions have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, legislation on these rules, and the oecd continues to release additional guidance. while it is uncertain whether the u.s. will enact legislation to adopt the minimum tax directive, certain countries in which we operate have adopted legislation, and other countries are in the process of introducing legislation to implement the minimum tax directive. further, the oecd issued administrative guidance providing transition and safe harbor rules that could delay the impact of the minimum tax directive. we will continue to monitor the implementation of the framework by the countries in which we operate. we currently do not expect the framework to have a material impact on our effective tax rate or our consolidated results of operation, financial position, and cash flows.
backlog total backlog as of december 31, 2023, was approximately $48.1 billion. total backlog includes both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is contractually obligated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding is not currently contractually obligated by the customer). backlog excludes unexercised contract options and unfunded indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity orders. for contracts having no stated contract values, backlog includes only the amounts committed by the customer.
the following table presents funded and unfunded backlog by segment as of december 31, 2023 and 2022:
december 31, 2023                                                          december 31, 2022
total                                                                      total
($ in millions)                    funded                     unfunded                      backlog           funded                     unfunded                      backlog ingalls                      $12,546                       $3,201                      $15,747           $9,231                       $3,546                      $12,777
newport news                  11,890                       15,349                       27,239           11,665                       17,742                       29,407
mission technologies           1,545                        3,590                        5,135            1,317                        3,622                        4,939
total backlog                $25,981                      $22,140                      $48,121          $22,213                      $24,910                      $47,123
we expect approximately 22% of the $48.1 billion total backlog as of december 31, 2023, to be converted into sales in 2024. u.s. government orders comprised substantially all of the backlog as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
contract awards the value of new contract awards during the year ended december 31, 2023, was approximately $12.5 billion, including a funded award for the construction of arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers, an award for the joint network engineering and emerging operations task order, an award modification for the detail design and construction of philadelphia (lpd 32), an award modification for long-lead-time material and advance construction activities on the columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine program, an award modification to the construction contract for john f. kennedy (cvn 79), and an award modification for long-lead-time material for additional block v boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program.
liquidity and capital resources we seek to efficiently convert operating results into cash for deployment in operating our businesses, implementing our business strategy, and maximizing stockholder value. we use various financial measures to inform our capital deployment strategy, including net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow. we believe these measures are useful to investors in assessing our financial performance.
the following table summarizes key components of cash flow provided by operating activities:
year ended december 31                                       2023 over 2022                                     2022 over 2021
($ in millions)                                                             2023                      2022                      2021                 dollars                      percent                 dollars                    percent net earnings                                                            $681                      $579                      $544                   $102                           18    %                $35                          6    %
depreciation and amortization                                            355                       366                       301                   (11)                          (3)    %                 65                         22    %
provision for expected credit losses                                       6                       (7)                         7                     13                          186    %               (14)                      (200)    %
stock-based compensation                                                  34                        36                        33                    (2)                          (6)    %                  3                          9    %
deferred income taxes                                                  (113)                         2                        98                  (115)                      (5,750)    %               (96)                       (98)    %
loss (gain) on investments in marketable securities                     (23)                        25                      (19)                   (48)                        (192)    %                 44                        232    %
retiree benefits                                                        (75)                     (127)                      (78)                     52                           41    %               (49)                       (63)    %
trade working capital decrease (increase)                                105                     (108)                     (126)                    213                          197    %                 18                         14    %
net cash provided by operating activities                               $970                      $766                      $760                   $204                           27    %                 $6                          1    %
we have historically maintained a capital structure comprised of a mix of equity and debt financing. we vary our leverage both to optimize our equity return and to pursue acquisitions. we expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt.
cash flows we discuss below our significant operating, investing, and financing activities affecting cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2023, as classified in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
operating activities cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was $970 million, compared to $766 million provided by operating activities in 2022. the favorable change in cash was primarily due to accelerated receipts of accounts receivable and higher earnings, partially offset by higher payments for income taxes.
we expect cash generated from operations in 2024, in combination with our current cash and cash equivalents, as well as existing borrowing facilities, to be sufficient to service debt and retiree benefit plans, meet contractual obligations, and fund capital expenditures for at least the next 12 calendar months beginning january 1, 2024 and beyond such 12-month period based on our current business plans.
investing activities cash used in investing activities in 2023 was $236 million, compared to $268 million used in investing activities in 2022. the change in cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by the sale of an unconsolidated ship
47
repair and specialty fabrication joint venture in 2023, partially offset by increased investment in one of our unconsolidated nuclear and environmental joint ventures in 2023.
for 2024, we expect our capital expenditures for maintenance and sustainment to be approximately 1.5% of annual revenues and our discretionary capital expenditures to be approximately 3.5% to 4.0% of annual revenues. we expect our capital expenditures to increase due to an expansion of shipbuilding capacity.
financing activities cash used in financing activities in 2023 was $771 million, compared to $658 million used in financing activities in 2022. the change in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to higher repayments of long term debt.
free cash flow free cash flow represents cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures net of related grant proceeds. free cash flow is not a measure recognized under gaap. free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, net earnings as a measure of our performance or net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. we believe free cash flow is an important liquidity measure for our investors because it provides them insight into our current and period-to-period performance and our ability to generate cash from continuing operations. we also use free cash flow as a key operating metric in assessing the performance of our business and as a key performance measure in evaluating management performance and determining incentive compensation. free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                                                 2023                      2022                      2021
net cash provided by operating activities                   $970                      $766                      $760
less capital expenditures:
capital expenditure additions                              (292)                     (284)                     (331)
grant proceeds for capital expenditures                       14                        12                        20
free cash flow                                              $692                      $494                      $449
free cash flow in 2023 increased $198 million from 2022, primarily due to the increase in cash from operating activities as described above.
retirement related benefit plan contributions erisa, including amendments under pension relief legislation, defines the minimum amount we must contribute to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. in determining whether to make discretionary contributions to these plans above the minimum required amounts, we consider various factors, including maintaining the funded status needed to avoid potential benefit restrictions and other adverse consequences, maintaining minimum cas funding requirements, and the current and anticipated future funding levels of each plan. the contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans are affected by a number of factors, including published irs interest rates, the actual return on plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and demographic experience. these factors and our resulting contributions also impact the funded status of the plans.
48
we made the following minimum and discretionary contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                          2023                    2022                      2021
pension plans discretionary qualified                              $-                      $-                       $60
non-qualified                          12                      10                         9
other benefit plans                    32                      31                        37
total contributions                   $44                     $41                      $106
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, our qualified pension plans were funded 114% and 109%, respectively. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, these plans were sufficiently funded on an erisa basis so as not to be subject to benefit payment restrictions. the funded percentages under erisa and fas vary due to inherent differences in the assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the respective obligations. we expect our 2024 cash contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans to be less than $1 million, all of which we anticipate will be discretionary and which are exclusive of cas cost recoveries under our contracts. due to the differences in calculation methodologies, our fas expense is not necessarily representative of our funding requirements or cas cost recoveries.
we expect 2024 contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans to be approximately $35 million, which are exclusive of cas cost recoveries under our contracts. contributions for other postretirement benefit plans are not required to be funded in advance and are paid on an as-incurred basis.
other sources and uses of capital stockholder distributions - in november 2023, our board of directors authorized an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $1.30 per share. the board previously increased the quarterly cash dividend to $1.24 per share in november 2022 and $1.18 per share in november 2021. we paid cash dividends totaling $200 million ($5.02 per share), $192 million ($4.78 per share), and $186 million ($4.60 per share) in the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
in january 2024, our board of directors authorized an increase to our stock repurchase program from $3.2 billion to $3.8 billion and an extension of the term of the program to december 31, 2028. repurchases are made from time to time at management's discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. for the year ended december 31, 2023, we repurchased 337,007 shares at an aggregate cost of $75 million. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we repurchased 244,561 and 544,440 shares, respectively, at aggregate costs of $52 million and $101 million, respectively. the cost of repurchased shares is recorded as treasury stock in the consolidated statements of financial position.
additional capital - in 2021, we issued $1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, and we entered into a $650 million 3-year delayed draw term loan. the net proceeds were used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of alion.
in 2021, we amended and restated our existing $1.25 billion credit facility, increasing the capacity thereunder to $1.5 billion and extending the maturity date to five years from signing (the "revolving credit facility"). the revolving credit facility includes a letter of credit subfacility of $300 million.
we maintain an unsecured commercial paper note program, under which we may issue up to $1 billion of unsecured commercial paper notes.
contractual obligations - our future contractual obligations are related to debt, leases, pension liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, workers compensation, and purchase obligations. see note 13: debt, note 15: leases, note 17: employee pension and other postretirement benefits, note 12: income taxes, and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies in item 8 for information about those obligations. our purchase obligations as of december 31, 2023, were approximately $5,122 million, with approximately $2,702 million expected to be paid in
2024 and $2,420 million thereafter. a purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. as of december 31, 2023, future scheduled periodic interest payments on our outstanding long-term debt, including commitment fees that we are obligated to pay on our existing $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, were approximately $333 million, with approximately $87 million expected to be paid in 2024 and $246 million thereafter.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we use letters of credit issued by commercial banks to support certain leases, insurance policies, and contractual performance obligations, as well as surety bonds issued by insurance companies principally to support our self-insured workers' compensation plans. as of december 31, 2023, $12 million in letters of credit were issued but undrawn and $360 million of surety bonds were outstanding. as of december 31, 2023, we had no other significant off-balance sheet arrangements.
glossary of programs included below are brief descriptions of some of the programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k.
program name                                                program description aircraft carrier rcoh                                       perform refueling and complex overhaul ("rcoh") of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, which is required at the mid-point of their 50-year life cycle. uss john c. stennis (cvn 74) arrived at newport news for the start of its rcoh in may 2021, and uss george washington (cvn 73) was redelivered to the u.s. navy in may 2023.
america class (lha 6) amphibious assault ships              design and build large deck amphibious assault ships that provide forward presence and power projection as an integral part of joint, interagency and multinational maritime expeditionary forces. the america class (lha 6) ships, together with the wasp class (lhd 1) ships, are the successors to the decommissioned tarawa class (lha 1) ships. the america class (lha 6) ships optimize aviation operations and support capabilities. we are currently constructing bougainville (lha 8) and fallujah (lha 9). in 2023, we were awarded a long-lead-time material contract for lha 10 (unnamed).
arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers                     build guided missile destroyers designed for conducting anti-air, anti-submarine, anti-surface, and strike operations. the aegis-equipped arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers are the u.s. navy's primary surface combatant, and have been constructed in variants, allowing technological advances during construction. we delivered uss frank e. petersen jr. (ddg 121), lenah h. sutcliffe higbee (ddg 123), and jack h. lucas (ddg 125) in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. we have contracts to construct the following arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers: ted stevens (ddg 128), jeremiah denton (ddg 129), george m. neal (ddg 131), sam nunn (ddg 133), thad cochran (ddg 135), john f. lehman (ddg 137), telesforo trinidad (ddg 139), ernest e. evans (ddg 141), and charles j. french (ddg 142).
columbia class (ssbn 826) submarines                        design and construct modules for columbia class (ssbn 826) nuclear ballistic missile submarines ("ssbns") as a subcontractor to electric boat. ssbns are the most secure and survivable of our nation's nuclear deterrent triad. columbia class ssbns will carry approximately 70 percent of the nation's nuclear arsenal. the columbia class (ssbn 826) program plan of record is to construct 12 new ssbns to replace the current aging ohio class. we have a teaming agreement with electric boat to build modules for the entire columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine program that leverages our virginia class (ssn 774) experience. we have been awarded contracts from electric boat for integrated product and process development, providing long-lead-time material and advance construction, and construction of the first two boats of the columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine program. construction of the first columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine began in 2020. in 2023, we received an award modification for long-lead-time material and advance construction for the next five boats.
uss gerald r. ford class (cvn 78) aircraft carriers         design and construction for the ford class program, which is the aircraft carrier replacement program for the decommissioned enterprise (cvn 65) and nimitz class (cvn 68) aircraft carriers. uss gerald r. ford (cvn 78), the first ship of the ford class, was delivered to the u.s. navy in the second quarter of 2017. in june 2015, we were awarded a contract for the detail design and construction of john f. kennedy (cvn 79), following several years of engineering, advance construction, and purchase of long-lead-time components and material. in addition, we have received awards for detail design and construction of enterprise (cvn 80) and doris miller (cvn 81). this category also includes the class' non-recurring engineering. the class is expected to bring improved warfighting capability, quality of life improvements for sailors, and reduced life cycle costs.
legend class national security cutter                             design and build the u.s. coast guard's national security cutters ("nscs"), the largest and most technically advanced class of cutter in the u.s. coast guard. the nsc is equipped to carry out maritime homeland security, maritime safety, protection of natural resources, maritime mobility, and national defense missions. there were 11 ships planned for this program, of which the first ten ships have been delivered, and friedman (nsc 11) is currently under construction.
naval nuclear support services                                    provide services to and in support of the u.s. navy, ranging from services supporting the navy's carrier and submarine fleets to maintenance services at u.s. navy training facilities. naval nuclear support services include design, construction, maintenance, and disposal activities for in-service u.s. navy nuclear ships worldwide through mobile and in-house capabilities. services include maintenance services on nuclear reactor prototypes.
nuclear and environmental services                                supports the national security mission of the department of energy ("doe") through the management and operation of doe sites, as well as the safe cleanup of legacy waste across the country. we meet our clients' toughest nuclear and environmental challenges and are positioned to serve the growing commercial nuclear power plant decommissioning market. we participate in several joint ventures, including newport news nuclear bwxt los alamos, llc (" n3b"), mission support and test services, llc ("msts"), and savannah river nuclear solutions, llc ("srns"), and we are an integrated subcontractor to triad national security. n3b was awarded the los alamos legacy cleanup contract at the doe/national nuclear security administration's los alamos national laboratory. msts was awarded a contract for site management and operations at the nevada national security site. srns provides site management and operations at the doe's savannah river site near aiken, south carolina. triad provides site management and operations at the doe's los alamos national laboratory.
san antonio class (lpd 17) amphibious transport dock ships        design and build amphibious transport dock ships, which are warships that embark, transport, and land elements of a landing force for a variety of expeditionary warfare missions, and also serve as the secondary aviation platform for amphibious readiness groups. the san antonio class (lpd 17) is the newest addition to the u.s. navy's 21st century amphibious assault force, and these ships are a key element of the u.s. navy's seabase transformation. in 2022, we delivered uss fort lauderdale (lpd 28), and we were awarded a long-lead-time material contract for philadelphia (lpd 32). in 2023, we received an award modification for the detail design and construction of philadelphia (lpd 32). we are currently constructing richard m. mccool jr. (lpd 29), harrisburg (lpd 30), and pittsburgh (lpd 31).
virginia class (ssn 774) fast attack submarines                   construct attack submarines as the principal subcontractor to electric boat. the virginia class (ssn 774) is a post-cold war design tailored to excel in a wide range of warfighting missions, including anti-submarine and surface ship warfare; special operation forces; strike; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; carrier and expeditionary strike group support; and mine warfare.
