item 1a. risk factors risks related to market dynamics and volatility volatility and disruption in global or regional capital and credit markets, as well as adverse changes in the global economy, could negatively affect our aum, revenues, net income and liquidity.
in recent years, capital and credit markets have experienced substantial volatility. in this regard:
•in the event of extreme circumstances, including an economic, political or business crisis, such as a widespread systemic failures or disruptions in the global or regional financial systems or failures of firms that have significant obligations as counterparties on financial instruments, we may suffer significant declines in aum and severe liquidity or valuation issues in managed investment products in which client and company assets are invested, all of which would adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, liquidity, credit ratings, ability to access capital markets and ability to retain and attract key employees. additionally, these factors could impact our ability to realize the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
•illiquidity and/or volatility of the global or regional risk asset markets could negatively affect our ability to manage investment products in which client and company assets are invested or client inflows and outflows or to timely meet client redemption requests.
•uncertainties regarding geopolitical developments, such as nation state sovereignty, border disputes, diplomatic developments, social instability or changes in governmental policies, can produce volatility in global financial markets and regulatory environments. this volatility, including volatility arising from tensions between the u.s. and china, may impact the level and composition of our aum and also negatively impact investor sentiment, which could result in reduced or negative flows.
•changes to tax, tariff and import/export regulations and economic sanctions may have a negative effect on global or regional economic conditions, financial markets and our business. any changes with respect to trade policies, treaties, taxes, government regulations and tariffs, or the perception that any of these changes could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global or regional economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global trade or trade between certain nations. given we are a global business, we could be more adversely affected than others by such market uncertainties.
our revenues and net income would likely be adversely affected by any reduction in aum as a result of either a decline in market value of such assets or net outflows, each of which would reduce the investment management fees we earn.
we derive substantially all our revenues from investment management contracts with clients. under these contracts, the investment management fees paid to us are generally based on the market value of aum. aum may decline for various reasons. for any period in which revenues decline, our net income and operating margin would likely decline by a greater proportion because a majority of our expenses remain fixed. factors that could decrease aum, revenues, and net income include the following:
declines in the market value of aum in client portfolios. we cannot predict whether volatility in the markets will result in substantial or sustained declines in the markets generally or result in price declines in market segments in which our aum are concentrated. any of the foregoing could negatively impact the market value of our aum, revenues and net income.
redemptions and other withdrawals from, or shifting among, client portfolios. these changes could be caused by investors reducing their investments in client portfolios in general or in the market segments in which we focus; investors taking profits from their investments; and portfolio risk characteristics, which could cause investors to move assets to other investment managers. furthermore, the fees we earn vary with the types of assets being managed, with higher fees earned on actively managed equity and balanced accounts, alternative asset products, and lower fees earned on fixed income, stable value accounts and passively managed products. our revenues and net income may decline further if clients continue to shift their investments to lower fee accounts.
our revenues and net income from money market and other fixed income assets may be harmed by interest rates, liquidity and credit volatility.
central banks, such as the federal reserve, are maintaining relatively high interest rates after numerous hikes in interest rates during 2022 and early 2023 in response to the increase in inflation, which has negatively impacted and may materially and negatively continue to affect the value of the assets that we manage. certain institutional investors using money market products and other short-term duration fixed income products for cash management purposes may shift these investments to table of contents direct investments in comparable instruments in order to realize higher yields. these redemptions would reduce aum, thereby reducing our revenues and net income. if securities within a money market portfolio default or investor redemptions force the portfolio to realize losses, there could be negative pressure on its net asset value (nav). although money market investments are not guaranteed instruments, the company might decide, under such a scenario, that it is in its best interest to provide support in the form of a support agreement, capital infusion or other methods to help stabilize a declining nav, which may have an adverse impact on our profitability. additionally, we have investments in fixed income assets, including collateralized loan obligations (clos), real estate-related loans, commercial loans and seed capital in fixed income funds, the valuation of which could change with changes in interest and default rates. declines in the values of aum could lead to reduced revenues and net income as management fees are generally calculated based upon the size of aum.
our financial condition and liquidity would be adversely affected by losses on our seed capital and co-investments.
the company has investments in managed investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including equities, fixed income products, commodities, derivatives, other similar financial instruments, and alternative investment products. investments in these products are generally made to establish a track record, meet purchase size requirements for trading blocks or demonstrate economic alignment with other investors in our funds. adverse market conditions may result in the need to write down the value of these seed capital and co-investments, which may adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity. as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $956.0 million in seed capital and co-investments.
as many of our subsidiary operations are located outside of the u.s. and have functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, changes in the exchange rates to the u.s. dollar impact our reported financial results.
the largest component of our net assets, revenues and expenses, as well as our aum, is presently denominated in u.s. dollars. however, we have a large number of subsidiaries outside of the u.s. whose functional currencies are not the u.s. dollar. as a result, fluctuations in the exchange rates to the u.s. dollar impact our reported financial results. consequently, significant strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the united kingdom (u.k.) pound sterling, euro, chinese rmb, japanese yen or canadian dollar, among other currencies, could have a material negative impact on our reported financial results.
risks related to investment performance and competition poor investment performance of our products could reduce the level of our aum or affect our sales, and negatively impact our revenues and net income.
our investment performance is critical to the success of our business. strong investment performance often stimulates sales of our products. poor investment performance (on a relative or absolute basis) as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products has in the past led, and could in the future lead, to a termination of investment management agreements, a decrease in sales of our products and stimulate redemptions from existing products, each of which could lower the overall level of aum, reduce our management fees and negatively impact our revenues and net income. there is no assurance that past or present investment performance in our products will be indicative of future performance. if we fail, or appear to fail, to address successfully and promptly the underlying causes of any poor investment performance, we may be unsuccessful in reversing such under performance, which could result in client loss or redemptions and the loss of future business prospects, both of which would negatively impact our revenues and net income.
failure to properly address the increased transformative pressures affecting the asset management industry could negatively impact our business.
the asset management industry is facing transformative pressures and trends from a variety of different sources, including increased fee pressure; a continued shift away from actively managed fundamental equities and fixed income strategies towards alternative, passive index and smart beta strategies; increased demands from clients and distributors for client engagement and services; a trend towards institutions concentrating on fewer relationships and partners and reducing the number of investment managers they work with; increased regulatory activity and scrutiny of many aspects of the asset management industry, including esg practices and related matters, transparency/unbundling of fees, inducements, conflicts of interest, capital, liquidity, solvency, leverage, operational risk management, controls and compensation; addressing the key emerging markets in the world, such as china and india, which often have populations with different needs, preferences and horizons than the more developed u.s. and european markets; advances in technology and digital wealth and distribution tools and increasing client interest in interacting digitally with their investment portfolios; and growing crypto asset markets that remain subject to substantial volatility and significant regulatory uncertainty. as a result of these trends and pressures, the asset management industry is facing an increased level of disruption. if we are unable to adapt our strategy and business to adequately address table of contents these trends and pressures, we may be unable to satisfactorily meet client needs, our competitive position may weaken, and our aum, revenues, and net income may be adversely affected.
competitive pressures may force us to reduce the fees we charge to clients, which could reduce our profitability.
the investment management business is highly competitive, and we compete based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, range of products offered, brand recognition, business reputation, financial strength, stability and continuity of client and financial intermediary relationships, quality of service, level of fees charged for services and the level of compensation paid and distribution support offered to financial intermediaries. we continue to face market pressures regarding fee levels in many products, including low fee, passively managed products that compete with our actively managed products.
our competitors include many investment management firms and other financial institutions. some of these institutions have greater capital and other resources, and offer more comprehensive lines of products and services, than we do. there are relatively few barriers to entry by new investment management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants around the world have also resulted in increased competition. further, our competitors may increase their market share to our detriment by reducing fees. the increasing size and market influence of certain distributors of our products and of certain direct competitors may have a negative impact on our ability to compete at the same levels of profitability in the future.
in addition, technology is subject to rapid advancements and changes and our competitors may, from time to time, implement newer technologies or more advanced platforms for their services and products, including digital advisers, low cost, high speed financial applications and services and investment platforms based on artificial intelligence and other advanced electronic systems, which could adversely affect our business if we are unable to remain competitive.
our private market products include investments in private credit, real estate, and equity investments in early-stage real estate-related companies which may expose our investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, to risks and liabilities, and us to reputational harm.
our private market products include investments in private credit, real estate, and equity investments in early-stage real estate-related companies that may expose our investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, to risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership, management and operation of such investments. these may include:
•risks related to the potential illiquidity, valuation and disposition of such investments;
•risks related to emerging and less established companies that have, among other things, short operating histories, not yet achieved or sustained profitability, new technologies and products, nascent control functions, quickly evolving markets and limited financial resources;
•construction risks, including as a result of force majeure, labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment;
•credit risks, including interest-rate movements and an issuer's ability to make principal and interest payments on the debt it issues;
•    risks related to investment in "distressed" securities, including abrupt and erratic market movements and above-average price volatility;
• risks associated with a lack of diversification, such that any adverse change in one or a small number of issuers could have a material adverse effect on an investment product's or client's investments;
•accidents, pandemics, health crises or catastrophic events, climate-related risks, including greater frequency or intensity of adverse weather and natural disasters, that are beyond our control;
•personal injury or property damage;
•risks relating to the use of leverage, including as a result of increasing interest rates or an inability to timely obtain and effectively deploy leverage;
•failures on the part of third-party managers, service providers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws;
•exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to private fund advisers, financial crime, permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, lending, tenancy, occupational health and safety, foreign investment and environmental protection;
•environmental hazards;
•changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies;
•risks related to the availability, cost, coverage and other limitations on insurance;
•the financial resources of tenants or loan counterparties; and
•contingent liabilities on disposition of investments.
table of contents the above risks may expose our investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, to expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by our investment products and clients.
these risks could also result in direct liability for us by exposing us to losses, regulatory sanctions or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. in addition, market conditions may change during the course of real estate development projects in which our investment products and clients invest that make such developments less attractive than at the time it was commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of our investment products and clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products.
the occurrence of any such events may expose us to reputational harm, or cause our aum, revenues and net income to decline.
our investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, could incur losses if the allowance for credit losses, including loan and lending-related commitment reserves, of portfolio-level investments is inadequate or if our expectations of future economic conditions deteriorate.
when our investment products or clients loan money, commit to loan money, provide credit or enter into a credit-related contract or mortgage loan with a counterparty, our investment products, client and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, incur credit risk, or the risk of loss if the borrower or counterparty does not timely repay their loans or fail to perform according to the terms of their agreements. the revenues and profitability of investment products and clients may be subordinated (and thus exposed to the first level of default risk) or otherwise subject to substantial credit risks. certain investments have a comparatively higher degree of risk of a loss of capital and may not show any return for a considerable period of time, including second lien debt.
the revenues and profitability of investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, are adversely affected when borrowers and counterparties default, in whole or in part, on their obligations or when there is a significant deterioration in the credit quality of the loan portfolio. certain debt-related holdings may be difficult or impossible to dispose of readily at what we believe to be a fair price. investment products and clients can have exposure to lower-rated instruments and securities, which generally reflects a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial condition of the borrower or in general economic conditions (including, for example, a substantial period of rising interest rates or declining earnings) or both may impair the ability of the borrower to make payment of principal and interest.
current and future market and economic developments may increase default and delinquency rates and negatively impact the quality of the credit portfolio. although our estimates contemplate current conditions and how we expect them to change over the life of the investment portfolio, it is reasonably possible that actual conditions could be worse than anticipated, which could cause our revenues and net income to decline.
we may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose us to additional costs or operational risk.
our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. the development and introduction of new products and services requires continued innovative efforts on our part and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. new products often must be in the market place for three or more years in order to generate the track records required to attract significant aum inflows. increasingly, clients and intermediaries are looking to investment managers to be able to deliver investment outcomes tailored to particular circumstances and needs, and to augment traditional investment management products and services with additional value-added services. a failure to continue to innovate and introduce successful new products and services or to manage effectively the risks associated with such products and services may impact our market share relevance and may cause our aum, revenues and net income to decline.
the failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may have a negative impact on similar invesco products irrespective of our performance.
table of contents many competitors offer similar products to those offered by us, and the failure or negative performance of competitors' products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar invesco products, irrespective of the performance of our products. any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which could have a material adverse effect on our aum, revenues and net income or liquidity.
risks related to talent, operations and technology our investment management professionals and other key employees are a vital part of our ability to attract and retain clients, and the loss of key individuals or a significant portion of those professionals could result in a reduction of our aum, revenues and net income.
retaining highly skilled investment management and other in-high demand personnel is important to our ability to attract and retain our clients. the market for skilled investment management professionals and other key personnel is highly competitive. our policy has been to provide our investment management professionals and other key personnel with a supportive professional working environment and compensation and benefits that we believe are competitive with other leading investment management firms. however, we may not be successful in retaining our investment management professionals and other key personnel, and the loss of significant investment professionals or other key personnel could reduce the attractiveness of our products and services to potential and current clients and could, therefore, adversely affect our aum, revenues and net income.
changes in the distribution channels on which we depend could reduce our net income and hinder our growth.
we sell substantially all of our retail investment products through a variety of third-party financial intermediaries. increasing competition for these distribution channels could cause our distribution costs to rise, which would lower our net income. certain of the third-party intermediaries upon whom we rely to distribute our investment products also sell their own competing proprietary investment products, which could limit the distribution of our products and certain distributors may demand higher levels of revenue sharing. similarly, particularly in the u.s., certain distributors have substantially reduced the number of investment funds they make available to their customers. if a material portion of our distributors were to substantially narrow their product offerings, it could have a significant adverse effect on our aum, revenues and net income. more broadly, in both retail and institutional channels, intermediaries (distribution firms and consultants) are seeking to reduce the number of investment management firms they do business with. while this offers opportunities to the company to have broader and deeper relationships with firms that continue to do business with us, it also poses risks of additional lost business if a particular firm chooses to stop or significantly reduce its business relationship with the company. any failure to maintain strong business relationships with these intermediaries due to any of the above-described factors would impair our ability to sell our products, which in turn could have a negative effect on our aum, revenues and net income.
investors, particularly in the institutional market, rely on external consultants and other third parties for advice on the choice of investment manager. these consultants and third parties tend to exert a significant degree of influence over their clients' choices, and they may favor one of our competitors over us as better meeting their particular clients' needs. there is no assurance that our investment products will be among their recommended choices in the future. any failure to maintain strong business relationships with the consultant community would impair our ability to sell our products, which in turn could have a negative effect on our aum, revenues and net income.
failure to comply with client contractual requirements and/or investment guidelines could result in costs of correction, damage awards and/or regulatory fines and penalties against us and loss of revenues due to client terminations.
many of the investment management agreements under which we manage assets or provide products or services specify investment guidelines or requirements, such as adherence to investment restrictions or limits, that we are required to observe in the provision of our services. laws and regulations impose similar requirements for certain investment products. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could result in damage to our reputation or in our clients seeking to recover losses, withdrawing their assets or terminating their contracts. regulators likewise may commence enforcement actions for violations of such requirements, which could lead to fines and penalties against the company, which could cause our aum, revenues and net income to decline. we maintain various compliance procedures and other controls to seek to prevent, detect and correct such errors. significant errors by the company could impact our reputation, aum, revenues, net income or liquidity.
our investment advisory agreements are subject to termination or non-renewal, and our fund and other investors may withdraw their assets at any time.
table of contents substantially all our revenues are derived from investment management agreements. investment management agreements are generally terminable upon 30 or fewer days' notice. agreements with u.s. registered funds may be terminated with notice, or terminated in the event of an "assignment" (as defined in the u.s. investment company act of 1940, as amended), and must be renewed annually by the disinterested members of each fund's board of trustees or directors, as required by law. in addition, the boards of trustees or directors of certain other funds generally may terminate these investment management agreements upon written notice for any reason. open-end registered fund and unit trust investors may generally withdraw their funds at any time without prior notice. institutional clients may elect to terminate their relationships with us or reduce the aggregate amount of aum, generally on short notice. any termination of or failure to renew a significant number of these agreements, or any other loss of a significant number of our clients or aum, would adversely affect our revenues, net income, and liquidity.
the quantitative models we use and our index tracking investment solutions may contain errors, which could result in financial losses or adversely impact product performance and client relationships.
we use various quantitative models to support investment decisions and investment processes, including those related to portfolio management, portfolio risk analysis, and client investment guidance. while we maintain controls to seek to prevent, detect and correct any errors, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on our business and reputation. these risks may be heightened by the rapid growth and complexity of new models, evolving data sets and standards, and market volatility. in addition, we offer index tracking investment solutions for our passive products, and any errors or disruptions in our ability to accurately track a subject index could materially adversely affect our business or reputation, which would adversely affect our aum, revenues, net income, and liquidity.
climate change-related risks could adversely affect our business, products, operations and clients, which may cause our aum, revenue and net income to decline.
our business and those of our clients could be impacted by climate change-related risks. climate change may present risk to us through changes in the physical climate or from the climate change-related legislative and regulatory initiatives and the transition to a lower-carbon economy. climate-related physical risks arise from the direct impacts of a changing climate, such as extreme weather events and changes in temperature, which may damage infrastructure and facilities as well as disrupt connectivity or supply chains. impacts associated with climate change-related legislative and regulatory initiatives and the transition to a low carbon economy may result in operational changes and additional expenditures that could adversely affect us. our reputation and business prospects may also be damaged if we do not, or are perceived not to, effectively prepare for the potential business and operational opportunities and risks associated with climate change, including the development and marketing of effective and competitive new products and services designed to address certain clients' climate risk-related investment objectives. these risks include negative market perception, diminished sales effectiveness and regulatory and litigation consequences associated with greenwashing claims or driven by association with certain clients, industries or products that may be inconsistent with our other clients' esg priorities or stated positions on climate change issues.
if our reputation is harmed, we could suffer losses in our aum, revenues and net income.
our business depends on earning and maintaining the trust and confidence of clients, other market participants and regulators, and our good reputation is critical to our business. our reputation is vulnerable to many threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or impossible to remediate. regulatory inquiries, investigations or findings of wrongdoing, intentional or unintentional misrepresentation of our products and services in regulatory filings, product literature, advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications, operational failures (including portfolio management errors or cyber breaches), employee dishonesty or other misconduct and rumors, among other things, can substantially damage our reputation, even if they are baseless or eventually satisfactorily addressed.
our business also requires us to continuously manage actual and potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of other clients or those of invesco. the willingness of clients to enter into transactions in which such a conflict might arise may be affected if we fail - or appear to fail - to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. in addition, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions.
we have policies, procedures and controls that are designed to address and manage these risks; however, even effective procedures and controls can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. if our policies, procedures or controls fail, our reputation could be damaged. any damage to our reputation could impede our ability to attract and retain clients and key personnel, and lead to a reduction in the amount of our aum, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income or liquidity.
table of contents the lack of soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us or the client portfolios we manage.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. we, and the client portfolios that we manage, have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. many of these transactions expose us or such client portfolios to credit risk in the event of default of their counterparties. while we regularly conduct assessments of such risk posed by counterparties, an event of default may occur due to market factors, such as sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may occur swiftly and without warning. such event of default could produce a financial loss for the company or the client portfolios we manage.
we depend on information technology, and any failures of or damage to, attack on or unauthorized access to our information technology systems or facilities, or those of third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could result in significant limits on our ability to conduct our operations and activities, costs and reputational damage.
we are highly dependent upon the use of various proprietary and third-party information and security technology, software applications and other technology systems to operate our business. we are also dependent on the effectiveness of our information and cyber security infrastructure, policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our technology and digital systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them, including data provided by third parties that is significant to portions of our business and products. we use our technology to, among other things, manage and trade portfolio investments, obtain securities pricing information, process client transactions, protect the privacy of clients', employees' and business partners' data, support our other operations and provide other services to our clients.
in recent years, several financial services firms suffered cyber-attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption of services to clients, loss or misappropriation of confidential data, litigation and regulatory enforcement actions and reputational harm. cyber security incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level. our status as a global financial institution and the nature of our client base may enhance the risk that we are targeted by such cyber threats. although we take protective measures, including measures to effectively secure information through system security technology, have many controls, processes, digital backup and recovery processes in place, and seek to continually monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, our technology systems may still be vulnerable to unauthorized access as a result of an external attack, actions by employees or vendors with access to our systems, computer malware or other events that have a security impact and that result in the disclosure or release of confidential information inadvertently or through malfeasance, or result in the loss (temporarily or permanently) of data, applications or systems. the third parties with which we do business or which facilitate our business activities, including financial intermediaries and technology infrastructure, data storage and service providers, are also susceptible to the foregoing risks (including those related to the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities may therefore be adversely affected, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology or infrastructure institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business. further, third-party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to us in the event a cyber incident causes us to incur loss or damages.
a breach of our technology systems could damage our reputation and could result in the unauthorized disclosure or modification or loss of sensitive or confidential information (including client data); unauthorized disclosure, modification or loss of proprietary information relating to our business; inability to process client or company transactions and processes; breach and termination of client contracts; liability for stolen assets, information or identity; remediation costs to repair damage caused by the breach, including damage to systems and recovery of lost data; additional security costs to mitigate against future incidents; regulatory actions (including fines and penalties, which could be material) and litigation costs resulting from the incident. such consequences could have a negative effect on our aum, revenues and net income.
our ability to manage and grow our business successfully can be impeded by systems and other technological limitations.
table of contents our continued success in effectively managing and growing our business depends on our ability to integrate our varied accounting, financial, information and operational systems on a global basis. moreover, adapting or developing the existing technology systems we use to meet our internal needs, as well as client needs, industry demands and new regulatory requirements, is also critical for our business. the introduction of new technologies, such as our state street alpha platform, presents new challenges and new potential risks to us. on an ongoing basis, we need to upgrade and improve our technology, including our data processing, financial, accounting, shareholder servicing and trading systems. implementing any such upgrades, updates or other changes or replacements for our systems may be expensive and time-consuming, could divert management's focus away from core business activities and may adversely affect our business if additional or unanticipated time or resources are necessary to complete any such changes to our systems. if the updated or new systems, such as our state street alpha platform, do not operate as anticipated or if other unforeseen issues arise with the transition to the new or updated systems it may adversely affect our business. further, we also must be proactive and prepared to implement new technology when growth opportunities present themselves, whether as a result of a business acquisition or rapidly increasing business activities in particular markets or regions. these needs could present operational issues or require significant capital and may require us to reevaluate the current value and/or expected useful lives of the technology we use, which could negatively impact our aum, revenues, net income and liquidity.
if we are unable to successfully recover from a man-made or natural disaster, health crisis or pandemic or other business continuity problem, we could suffer material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
if we were to experience a man-made or natural disaster, health crisis or pandemic, such as new variant of covid-19, or other business continuity problem, our continued success will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. in such an event, we believe our operational size, multiple office locations and our existing back-up systems should mitigate adverse impacts. nevertheless, given our global presence, we could still experience near-term operational problems with regard to particular areas of our operations. although we seek to regularly assess and improve our existing business continuity plans, a major disaster, a disaster that affected certain important operating areas, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
the extent to which our business, revenues, aum and net income are affected by a future pandemic or a new variant of covid-19 will largely depend on new events or future developments, which cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain, including the duration, severity and the length of time it will take for the economy to recover from the negative impacts on human capital and potentially more permanent impacts on how we operate and serve our clients.
our business is vulnerable to deficiencies and failures in support systems, including data management, and customer service functions that could lead to breaches and errors or reputational harm, resulting in loss of customers or claims against us or our subsidiaries.
in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales, distribution, marketing, shareholder servicing and trust, custody and other fiduciary services and portfolio management software services. we must properly perform our responsibilities associated with the forgoing services, including portfolio recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, investment restrictions compliance, daily nav computations, account reconciliations and required distributions to fund shareholders. the ability to consistently and reliably perform such services is essential to our continuing success. certain types of securities may experience liquidity constraints that could impact fair value pricing, which is dependent on certain subjective judgments that have the potential to be challenged. any delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, processing transactions or reports, other breaches and errors and/or any inadequacies in customer service, could result in reimbursement obligations or other liabilities, or alienate clients or distributors and/or claims against us. our ability to conduct any of the foregoing actions is highly dependent on communications and information systems and on third-party service providers and their related technology systems and platforms. certain of these processes involve a degree of manual input, and thus errors could occur. in addition, our operations and processes rely on commercially available data provided by third parties as well as providers of services, including technology services, and operating errors, process failures or failures to comply with data usage requirements with respect to these service providers may adversely impact us. our data providers commonly disclaim the accuracy and completeness of data and we do not have the ability to validate or verify the accuracy and completeness of commercially sourced datasets. our failure to properly perform and monitor our operations, including data management, or our otherwise suffering deficiencies and failures in these systems or service functions due to a failure of a third-party service provider or other key vendor could result in material financial loss or costs, regulatory actions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal claims and liability, which in turn could have a negative effect on our aum, revenues and net income.
table of contents risks related to accounting, capital management and liquidity the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance sheet could become impaired, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
we have goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet that are subject to annual impairment reviews. we also have definite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet that are subject to impairment testing. goodwill and intangible assets totaled $8,691.5 million and $5,848.1 million, respectively, at december 31, 2023. we recorded a non-cash impairment of $1,248.9 million related to our indefinite-live intangible assets related to acquired management contracts of u.s. retail mutual funds during the 12 months ended december 31, 2023, and we may not realize the full value of our remaining goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. we perform impairment reviews of these assets on an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. a variety of factors can result in impairment. should the fair value be less than the carrying amount of either the goodwill or intangible assets, a write-down of the related assets would occur, adversely affecting our net income for the period. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting policies - goodwill" and "- intangibles," for additional details of our impairment analysis process.
our credit agreement imposes operating covenants that impact our ability to conduct certain activities and, if amounts borrowed under it were subject to accelerated repayment, we might not have sufficient assets or liquidity to repay such amounts in full.
our credit agreement requires us to maintain specified financial ratios, including maximum debt-to-earnings and minimum interest coverage ratios. the credit agreement also contains customary affirmative operating covenants and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur debt and restrict our ability to transfer assets, merge, make loans and other investments and create liens. the breach of any covenant could result in a default under the credit agreement. in the event of any such default, lenders that are party to the credit agreement could refuse to make further extensions of credit to us and require all amounts borrowed under the credit agreement, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. if any indebtedness under the credit agreement were subject to accelerated repayment and if we had at that time a significant amount of outstanding debt under the credit agreement, we might not have sufficient liquid assets to repay such indebtedness in full.
we issued perpetual preferred stock having a value of approximately $4 billion, which could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital and may limit our ability to fund other priorities.
we issued approximately $4 billion of 5.9% fixed rate perpetual preferred stock in connection with the acquisition of oppenheimerfunds inc. this issuance may limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes, may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of common shares in certain circumstances, may increase our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions, and will require a significant portion of cash flow from operations to make required dividend payments to preferred shareholders.
failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause our aum, revenues and net income to decline, as well as harm our prospects for growth.
our ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including our creditworthiness and ability to generate operating cash flows. failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force us to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. our access to equity and debt markets on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, including tax and interest rates, a reduction in our long- or short-term credit ratings, or changes in government regulations. failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause our aum, revenues and net income to decline, curtail our operations and limit or impede our prospects for growth.
distribution of earnings of our subsidiaries may be subject to limitations, including net capital requirements.
table of contents substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our cash flow and ability to fund operations are dependent upon the earnings of our subsidiaries and the distribution of earnings, intercompany loans or other payments by our subsidiaries to us. any payments to us by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions and are contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business or regulatory considerations. for example, certain of our subsidiaries are required under applicable laws and regulations to maintain appropriate levels of capital. our financial condition or liquidity could be adversely affected if certain of our subsidiaries are unable to distribute funds to us.
all of our regulated european union (eu) and u.k. subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements under applicable eu and u.k. requirements, and we maintain capital within this european sub-group to satisfy these regulations. we meet these requirements in part by holding cash and cash equivalents. this retained cash can be used for general business purposes in the european sub-group in the countries where it is located. due to the capital restrictions, the ability to transfer cash between certain jurisdictions may be limited. in addition, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences. as of december 31, 2023, our minimum regulatory capital requirement was $395.8 million. complying with our regulatory commitments may result in an increase in the capital requirements applicable to the european sub-group. finally, as a result of regulatory requirements, certain of these subsidiaries may be required to limit their dividends to the company.
risks related to strategic transactions we may engage in strategic transactions that could create risks.
we regularly review, and from time-to-time engage in strategic transactions, some of which may be material. strategic transactions also pose the risk that any business we acquire may lose customers or employees or could underperform relative to expectations. we could also experience financial or other setbacks if potential or actual acquisitions or divestitures encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to closing or integration. following the completion of a strategic acquisition, we may have to rely on the seller to provide administrative and other support, including financial reporting and internal controls, to the acquired business for a period of time. there can be no assurance that such sellers will do so in a manner that is acceptable to us.
risks related to our significant shareholders future sales of shares of our common stock could adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.
if our significant shareholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock or express an intention to sell, or there is the perception that such sales may occur, such actions could have a significant impact on our common share trading price. in addition, if we sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or there is a perception that such sales may occur, the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted.
massachusetts mutual life insurance company (massmutual) has the ability to significantly influence our business, and massmutual's interest in our business may be different from that of other shareholders.
massmutual is entitled to designate an individual to serve on our board so long as it beneficially owns at least (i) 10% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock or (ii) 5% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock and $2.0 billion in aggregate liquidation preference of our series a preferred shares. additionally, we are not permitted to take certain actions without the prior written approval of massmutual, including making certain changes in our capital structure or our organizational documents, adopting a shareholder rights plan or effectuating certain business combination transactions. massmutual's level of ownership and influence may make some transactions (such as those involving mergers, material share issuances or changes in control) more difficult or impossible without the support of massmutual, which in turn could adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their shares of our common stock. the interests of massmutual may conflict with the interests of other shareholders.
further, massmutual has made significant capital or seed investments in several of our products. if massmutual decides not to provide additional capital or seed investments in the future or to withdraw material amounts of capital or seed investments in existing products, it could impact our ability to timely launch new products or impact existing products.
risks related to regulatory and legal matters we operate in an industry that is highly regulated in most countries, and any enforcement action or significant changes in the laws or regulations governing our business or industry could decrease our aum, revenues, net income and liquidity.
table of contents as with all investment management companies, our activities are highly regulated in almost every country in which we conduct business. the regulatory environment in which we operate frequently changes, and we have seen a significant increase in regulatory changes, actions and scrutiny in recent years. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, regulators in the u.s. and other jurisdictions have taken and can be expected to continue to take a more aggressive posture in bringing enforcement proceedings. laws and regulations generally grant governmental agencies and industry self-regulatory authorities broad administrative discretion over our activities, including the power to require registration or licenses, limit or restrict our business activities, conduct examinations, risk assessments, investigations and capital adequacy reviews and impose remedial programs to address perceived deficiencies. as a result of regulatory oversight, we could face requirements or actions which negatively impact the way in which we conduct business, delay or deny approval for new products or service offerings, cause or contribute to reduced sales or increased redemptions of our products or services, impair the investment performance of other products or services, impact product mix, increase compliance costs and/or impose additional capital requirements. our regulators likewise have the authority to commence enforcement actions which could lead to sanctions up to and including the revocation of licenses to operate certain businesses, the suspension or expulsion from a particular jurisdiction or market of any of our business organizations or their key personnel or the imposition of fines and censures on us or our employees. further, regulators across borders could coordinate actions against us as issues arise resulting in impacts on our business in multiple jurisdictions. judgments or findings of wrongdoing by regulatory or governmental authorities, or in private litigation against us, could affect our reputation, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues. any of the effects discussed above could have a material negative impact on our aum, revenue, net income or liquidity.
a substantial portion of the products and services we offer are regulated by the sec, financial industry regulatory authority, the commodity future trading commission (cftc), the national futures association, the department of labor (dol) and the texas department of banking in the u.s. and by the financial conduct authority (fca), and the securities futures commission of hong kong (sfc) and the china securities regulatory commission in hong kong and china, respectively. subsidiaries operating in the eu are mainly regulated by the commission de surveillance du secteur financier in luxembourg, the central bank of ireland, and the bundesanstalt für finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht in germany. such subsidiaries are also subject to various eu directives, which generally are implemented by member state national legislation and by eu regulations. our operations elsewhere in the world are regulated by similar organizations.
regulators in the u.s., u.k. and the eu, in particular, have promulgated or are considering various new or revised regulatory measures pertaining to financial services, including investment managers. such measures are progressing at various stages, but several may become effective around the same time, which would put additional pressure on our subsidiaries. such measures in the eu generally have been, are being or will or would be implemented by national legislation in member states.
regulatory developments and changes specific to our business will or may include, without limitation:
•regulations pertaining to the privacy and use, security, transfer and management of personal data with respect to clients, employees and business partners. privacy regulations such as the general data protection regulation (gdpr) in europe have strengthened privacy rules for organizations handling personal data, granting individuals more rights and control over the use of their personal data, and greatly increasing penalties for non-compliance. in many other jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate, there is ongoing change to update and strengthen privacy regulations in a manner similar to gdpr, such as the california consumer privacy act and california privacy rights act, india's digital personal data protection act and china's personal information protection law (pipl). in addition, rules and legal requirements for international transfers of personal data from europe and asia create additional complexity for global organizations around the use and management of personal data, particularly regarding integrated global cloud-based systems and services. china's pipl introduced new reporting and disclosure requirements for organizations transferring personal data outside of china.
•regulations promulgated to address perceptions that the asset management industry, or certain of its entities or activities, pose systematic risks to the financial system.
•regulations aimed at addressing concerns regarding open-end funds that invest in less liquid asset classes. regulators in the u.s., u.k. and eu have expressed concern that the daily redeemability features of these funds creates a "liquidity mismatch" with the assets in which they invest, which gives rise to investor dilution and systemic risk, especially in times of financial market stress. in the eu, the amendments to the undertakings for the collective investment in transferable securities (ucits) and alternative investment fund managers directive frameworks have been agreed to and introduce new rules regarding the use of certain liquidity management tools (e.g., swing pricing, anti-dilution and side pockets etc.) by ucits and alternative investment funds. specific rules on loan originating funds were also introduced, with potential implications for the structuring of such funds. in the u.s., the sec has proposed changes to the regulations governing liquidity risk management programs for registered open-end funds (including etfs) that, if finalized without change, could impede our ability to sponsor mutual funds and etfs that invest in certain asset classes, such as syndicated bank loans.

•regulations designed to improve the resilience and transparency of money market funds, which could negatively impact the investment returns generated by these funds and their desirability as a cash management product in comparison to competing products such as bank deposits. for example, in 2023 the sec promulgated rules, which (among other requirements) increase certain liquidity requirements for u.s. money market funds and requires "institutional prime" money market funds to impose mandatory liquidity fees on redeeming investors in certain circumstances. liquidity fees in particular may negatively impact investors' perception of money market funds and make them less desirable, resulting in a reduction in our money market fund aum. in the u.k., the fca is considering changes to the u.k. money market fund regime to improve the resilience of the sector through changes to the minimum liquid assets requirements and enhancements to the liquidity management processes.
•an increased focus on the use of leverage by funds (in particular, leverage attained through derivatives), an example of which is the sec's new rules with respect to the use of derivatives and derivatives risk management programs applicable to certain types of registered u.s. funds. new regulations in this area could negatively impact our existing products that employ leverage or derivatives and could impede our ability to bring new products to market and can raise our compliance costs associated with sponsoring and managing products that employ leverage or derivatives.
•eu and u.k. regulations pertaining to integrating esg topics. these regulations have materially impacted the asset management industry in eu member states and in the u.k. in particular, the integration of sustainability risks, the disclosure of information on the esg characteristics of eu products and the integration of investors' esg preferences at the point of sale have had a significant impact on the features of eu products and on investment management activities. in the u.k., the fca published a new regime on sustainability disclosure requirements, including product sustainability labels, which will be applied in 2024. in the eu, european securities and markets authority is planning to issue new guidelines on fund naming which will aim at avoiding greenwashing practices. separately, several changes to the sustainable finance disclosure regulation (sfdr) are being considered, including changes to the current esg disclosure templates and longer-term amendments to the broader sfdr framework. on top of the disclosure obligations applying to the financial sector, the eu corporate sustainability reporting directive sets out new esg disclosure requirements for eu undertakings based on new european standards. the new regime will have an impact on eu domiciled companies and on non-eu groups having substantial activities in the eu. the sec and other regulators in the u.s. are pursuing similar initiatives albeit with varying requirements, and the sec has increased its enforcement activity relating to esg disclosures and practices. equally, a number of asian jurisdictions are introducing climate-related risk and reporting requirements as well as esg product disclosure standards.
•amendments to the european market infrastructure regulation (emir) requirements in the eu and the u.k. to align with international standards. in the context of the emir 3.0 negotiations, contemplated changes to the eu framework could require counterparties to hold and use an eu domiciled account when entering into certain derivatives. also in the eu, the european commission finalized amendments to the markets in financial instruments directive/markets in financial instruments regulation framework to amend trading and improve transparency rules through the creation of a new consolidated tape. in the u.k., an in-depth reshape of wholesale market rules has been started and will aim at improving the functioning and competitiveness of the u.k. financial markets following the exit from the eu.
•limitations on ownership or control of certain physical commodity futures contracts and other physical commodity related derivatives positions under regulations of the cftc which could result in capacity constraints for our products that employ these instruments as part of their investment strategy.
•limitations on holdings of certain physical commodity futures contracts and other physical commodity related derivatives positions under regulations of the cftc which could result in capacity constraints for our products that employ physical commodities as part of their investment strategy.
•regulations impacting the standard of care that financial intermediaries providing investment recommendations owe to retail investors, under the sec's regulation best interest and retirement plans and account holders, under the dol's employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa) fiduciary investment advice rules. in late 2023, the dol proposed a package of new and amended regulations that would revise and expand the definition of investment advice fiduciary and could greatly complicate and alter the retail and institutional marketplace for investment products and services to retirement plans and ira owners. in particular, this proposal could subject certain of our sales and distribution activities in connection with retirement plan investors to a fiduciary standard of care, which could substantially increase our compliance costs. in the u.k., the new "consumer duty" was introduced in 2023 and has had an impact on the product governance rules and the distribution of our retail products in the u.k. in the eu, a new retail investment strategy (ris) was released in 2023 to enhance retail investors' participation in capital markets. it is currently being negotiated respectively within the eu parliament and eu council. the ris should result in a number of legislative changes to the retail investment rules, in particular on product disclosures, investors' protection, inducement, and retail products governance areas.
•enhanced licensing and qualification requirements for key personnel, including the u.k. senior managers and certification regime and the sfc's manager-in-charge regime that could make it more difficult for the company to hire and retain key personnel.

•strengthened standards regarding various ethical matters, including compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and anti-money-laundering laws that may increase our compliance costs and burdens and regulatory enforcement risk.
•regulations promulgated to address risks of fraud, malfeasance, adverse consequences stemming from cyber-attacks and/or cross-border data transfer, and to ensure the digital operational resilience of firms. in particular, the new eu digital operational resilience act will harmonize the requirements applying to information and communication technology risk management, outsourcing and operational resilience in the financial sector. enhanced regulations in china governing data security and cross-border data transfers, including the revised counter espionage law, that could increase our compliance burdens and restrict certain business and investments data generated within china from being transferred abroad.
•the application of antitrust and similar competition laws to the asset management industry, including proposed amendments to the u.s. hart-scott-rodino act that could require investment managers to make numerous pre-merger notification filings with the u.s. federal trade commission and department of justice and the potential for antitrust regulators to limit common ownership of competitive companies by a single fund or affiliated funds. these developments in the application of antitrust and competition laws to our business could impede our ability to provide certain products or limit the aum of certain investment strategies that we provide.
•guidelines regarding the structure and components of fund manager compensation and other related rules, regulations and disclosure requirements. certain proposals could impose requirements for more widespread disclosures of compensation to highly-paid individuals. depending upon the scope of any such requirements, invesco could be disadvantaged in retaining key employees vis-à-vis private companies, including hedge fund sponsors.
•with respect to certain privately offered investment vehicles, the sec proposed rules to prohibit certain activities of the managers of such vehicles, including obtaining exculpation or limitations on liability for negligent acts, potentially increasing our potential liability as managers of these products. these proposals would materially increase reporting to the sec for certain in-scope vehicles, potentially increasing compliance burdens and costs. further, additional proposals mandate incremental reporting to investors which may levy additional costs on these vehicles impacting performance.
•recently promulgated sec regulations impacting the private funds that we sponsor and manage. these regulations impose prescriptive investor quarterly reporting requirements, which may levy additional costs on these fund that impact performance and limit certain activities that we may undertake with these funds, which could negatively impact the desirability of these funds for certain investors.
•other changes impacting the identity or organizational structure of regulators with supervisory authority over us.
we cannot predict the full impact of legal and regulatory changes, changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations or possible enforcement proceedings on our business. such changes have imposed, and are likely to continue to impose, new compliance costs and/or capital requirements or impact invesco in other ways that could have a material adverse impact on our aum, revenues, net income or liquidity. moreover, certain legal or regulatory changes could require us to modify our strategies, businesses or operations, and we may incur other new constraints or costs, including the investment of significant management time and resources in order to satisfy new regulatory requirements or to compete in a changed business environment. in recent years, certain regulatory developments have also added to downward pressures on our fee levels.
civil litigation and governmental investigations and enforcement actions could adversely affect our aum and future net income and increase our costs of doing business.
we and certain related entities have in recent years been subject to various legal proceedings, including civil litigation and governmental investigations and enforcement actions. these actions can arise from normal business operations and/or matters that have been the subject of previous regulatory reviews. as a global company with investment products registered in numerous countries and subject to the jurisdiction of one or more regulators in each country, at any given time, our business operations may be subject to review, investigation or disciplinary action. for example, governmental authorities regularly make inquiries, hold investigations and administer market conduct examinations with respect to the company's compliance with applicable laws and regulations. lawsuits or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of these inquiries may in the future be filed against the company and related entities and individuals. judgments in civil litigation or findings of wrongdoing by these authorities against us could affect our reputation, result in damages, fines or penalties for which we would be responsible, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues, any of which could have a material negative impact on our aum, revenues, net income or liquidity.
legislative and other measures that may be taken by governmental authorities could materially increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our net income or liquidity.
table of contents the international tax environment continues to change as a result of both coordinated actions by governments and unilateral measures designed by individual countries, both intended to address concerns over tax base erosion, profit shifting, and perceived international tax avoidance. a growing number of jurisdictions have enacted, or have announced that they will enact, legislation to implement aspects of the organization for economic cooperation and development's (oecd) global anti-base erosion rules intended to ensure that multinational companies pay a 15% minimum level of tax on a jurisdictional basis. in most jurisdictions, the new minimum tax rules are effective in 2024 with certain aspects of the rules becoming effective in 2025. in addition, in response to the oecd's minimum tax proposal, bermuda has enacted a corporate tax regime with a tax rate of 15%, effective january 1, 2025. as a result of these developments, our tax liabilities could increase.
we continually assess the impact of various u.s. federal, state and foreign legislative proposals and modifications to existing tax treaties, which could result in a material increase in our tax liability. we cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. however, if unfavorable legislation were to be enacted, or if modifications were to be made to certain existing tax treaties, the consequences could have a materially adverse impact on the company, including increasing our tax burden, increasing the cost of our tax compliance or otherwise adversely affecting our future net income and liquidity.
in addition, changes in individual and corporate income tax rates, including the capital gains and dividend tax rates, could cause investors to view certain investment products we manage less favorably and reduce investor demand for the products and services we offer, which could have an adverse effect on our aum, revenues and net income.
examinations and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods.
the company and its subsidiaries are subject to income and non-income based taxes in numerous jurisdictions as well as current and potentially future tax audits. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes (and, in certain cases, interest, fines or penalties). we accrue tax liabilities for certain tax issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. we adjust these liabilities periodically due to changes in interpretations of tax laws, status of tax authority examinations and new regulatory or judicial guidance that could impact the relative merits and risks of tax positions. due to the complexity of these tax issues, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment of tax that is materially different from the liability that has been accrued or an increase in the cost of our tax compliance, which could have an adverse effect on our net income and liquidity.
bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the u.s. and may afford less protection to shareholders.
our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than shareholders of a company incorporated in a jurisdiction of the u.s. as a bermuda company, we are governed by the companies act 1981 of bermuda (companies act). the companies act differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to u.s. corporations and shareholders, including provisions relating to interested directors, mergers, amalgamations and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of directors.
under bermuda law, the duties of directors and officers of a company are generally owed to the company only. shareholders of bermuda companies do not generally have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company, and may only do so in limited circumstances described in the following paragraph. however, directors and officers may owe duties to a company's creditors in cases of impending insolvency. directors and officers of a bermuda company must, in exercising their powers and performing their duties, act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company and must exercise the care and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company and their personal interests may conflict and also are under a duty to disclose any personal interest in any material contract or proposed material contract with the company or any of its subsidiaries. if a director or officer of a bermuda company is found to have breached such director's duties to that company, the director may be held personally liable to the company in respect of that breach of duty.
table of contents class actions and derivative actions are generally not available to shareholders under the laws of bermuda. however, the bermuda courts ordinarily would be expected to follow english case law precedent, which would permit a shareholder to commence an action in a company's name against the directors and officers to remedy a wrong done to the company where the act complained of is alleged to be beyond the company's corporate power or is illegal or would result in the violation of the company's memorandum of association or bye-laws. furthermore, consideration would be given by the court to acts that are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority shareholders or where an act requires the approval of a greater percentage of shareholders than actually approved it. under our bye-laws, each of our shareholders agrees to waive any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, other than those involving fraud or dishonesty, against the company or any of our officers, directors or employees. the waiver applies to any action taken by a director, officer or employee, or the failure of such person to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the director, officer or employee. this waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our directors, officers and employees unless the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty.
our bye-laws also provide for indemnification of our directors and officers in respect of any loss arising or liability attaching to them in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which a director or officer may be guilty in relation to the company other than in respect of his or her own fraud or dishonesty, which is the maximum extent of indemnification permitted under the companies act.
because we are incorporated in bermuda, it may be difficult for shareholders to enforce non-monetary judgments against us or any judgment against us or our directors and officers. shareholders may have to seek independent advice regarding the commencement of proceedings or service of foreign process in bermuda.
the company is organized under the laws of bermuda. in addition, certain of our officers and directors reside in countries outside the u.s. a substantial portion of the company's assets and the assets of these officers and directors are or may be located outside the u.s. investors may have difficulty effecting service of process within the u.s. on our directors and officers who reside outside the u.s., even though the company has appointed an agent in the u.s. to receive service of process.
further, it may not be possible in bermuda or in countries other than the u.s., where the company has assets, to enforce court judgments obtained in the u.s. against the company based on the civil liability provisions of u.s. federal or state securities laws. we have been advised by our legal advisors in bermuda that the u.s. and bermuda do not currently have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. some remedies available under the laws of the u.s. or the states therein, including some remedies available under the u.s. federal securities laws, may not be allowed in bermuda courts because they may be found to be contrary to bermuda public policy. therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the u.s. based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on u.s. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in bermuda. similarly, those judgments may not be enforceable in other countries other than the u.s.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our bye-laws that may discourage a change of control.
our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us or to obtain majority representation on our board of directors without the consent of our board. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares under such circumstances.
specifically, our bye-laws contain the following provisions that may impede or delay a third-party to acquire or obtain majority representation on our board of directors:
•we are prohibited from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination (as defined in our bye-laws) with any interested shareholder (as defined in our bye-laws) for three years following the date that the shareholder became an interested shareholder;
•our board of directors, without further shareholder action, is permitted by our bye-laws to issue preference shares, in one or more series, and determine by resolution any designations, preferences, qualifications, privileges, limitations, restrictions or special or relative rights of an additional series. the rights of preferred shareholders may supersede the rights of common shareholders;
•shareholders may only remove directors for "cause" (defined in our bye-laws to mean willful misconduct or gross negligence which is materially injurious to the company, fraud or embezzlement, or a conviction of, or a plea of "guilty" or "no contest" to, a felony);
•our board of directors is authorized to expand its size and fill vacancies; and
•shareholders cannot act by written consent unless the consent is unanimous.
table of contents general risk factors our ability to maintain our credit ratings and to access the capital markets in a timely manner should we seek to do so depends on a number of factors.
our access to the capital markets depends significantly on our credit ratings. we anticipate that the rating agencies will continue to review our ratings regularly based on our results of operations and developments in our business. we believe that, in addition to factors specific to our company, rating agency concerns include the fact that our revenues are exposed to financial market volatility and the potential impact from regulatory changes to the industry. additionally, the rating agencies could decide to downgrade the entire investment management industry, based on their perspective of future growth and solvency. as further described below, any material deterioration of these factors, and others defined by each rating agency, could result in downgrades to our credit ratings, thereby limiting our ability to access additional financing, increasing the cost of such financing and/or limiting our ability to maintain investment management mandates, particularly in the institutional channel.
our credit agreement borrowing rates are tied to our credit ratings. a reduction in our long-term credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, could limit our access to the capital markets and may result in outflows, thereby reducing aum, revenues and net income. volatility in global finance markets may also affect our ability to access the capital markets should we seek to do so. if we are unable to access capital markets in a timely manner, our business could be adversely affected.
insurance may not be available at a reasonable cost to protect us from loss or liability.
we face the inherent risk of loss or liability related to claims from clients, third-parties, actions taken by regulatory agencies and costs and losses associated with operations failures (which could include cyber incidents). to help protect against these risks, we purchase insurance in amounts and at deductible levels, and against potential losses and liabilities, that we consider appropriate, where such insurance is available at prices we deem reasonable. there can be no assurance, however, that a claim will be covered by insurance or, if covered, will not exceed coverage limits, that an insurer will meet its obligations regarding coverage, or that coverage will continue to be available on a cost effective basis. insurance costs are impacted by market conditions, claims made on policies and the risk profile of the insured and may increase significantly over relatively short periods. in addition, certain insurance coverage may not be available or may only be available at prohibitive costs. renewals of insurance policies may expose us to additional costs through higher premiums or the assumption of higher deductibles or co-insurance liability.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis disclosed herein apply to material changes in the consolidated financial statements for 2023 and 2022. for the comparison of 2022 and 2021, see the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 of the company's 2022 annual report on form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 22, 2023. the following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of invesco should be read in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements" disclosure set forth before part i and the "risk factors" set forth in item 1a of part i of this annual report on form 10‐k, each of which describe our risks, uncertainties and other important factors in more detail.
executive overview the following executive overview summarizes the significant trends affecting our results of operations and financial condition for the periods presented. this overview and the remainder of this management's discussion and analysis and supplements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of invesco ltd. and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
during the year, global capital markets improved; however, the improvement was uneven and undercut by geopolitical events. investors also reacted to the impact of persistently high interest rates and inflation in most major economies and moved significant amounts of assets to the sidelines to await greater clarity. the table below summarizes the year ended december 31 returns based on price appreciation/(depreciation) of several major market indices for 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31, equity index                        index expressed in currency         2023                                           2022
s&amp;p 500                         u.s. dollar                                         24.2%                       (19.4)%
ftse 100                            british pound                                        3.8%                          0.9%
ftse 100                            u.s. dollar                                          9.5%                        (9.8)%
s&amp;p/tsx 60 index                canadian dollar                                      8.2%                        (9.2)%
s&amp;p/tsx 60 index                u.s. dollar                                         10.9%                       (15.1)%
msci emerging markets               u.s. dollar                                          7.0%                       (22.4)%
bond index barclays u.s. aggregate bond        u.s. dollar                                          5.5%                       (13.0)%
the company's financial results are impacted by the fluctuations in exchange rates against the u.s. dollar, as discussed in the "results of operations" section as applicable.
one of invesco's core strengths, and a key differentiator for the company within the industry, is our diversification across asset classes, distribution channels and geographies. this broad diversification helps mitigate some of the impact on invesco of different market cycles and enables the company to take advantage of growth opportunities in various markets and channels. during the year, our diversified product lineup maintained net long-term inflows with our strongest performance in etfs.
we remain highly focused on our capital priorities, investing in our key capabilities, and efficiently allocating resources. consistent with our commitment to improve our leverage profile, we continue to maintain our debt at lower levels. we ended the year with no balance on our floating rate credit agreement and our cash and cash equivalents balance increased to $1.5 billion. we amended and restated the floating rate credit agreement, increasing facility capacity from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion and extending the expiration date from april 26, 2026 to april 26, 2028. the board approved a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.20 per share, and the company repurchased 9.6 million common shares for $150.0 million in the open market during the second quarter of 2023. the progress we made to build financial flexibility has invesco well-positioned to navigate various market conditions and deliver long-term growth. we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders longer term through a combination of modestly increasing dividends and share repurchases.
we are simplifying and streamlining the organization to better position the company for greater scale, performance and improved profitability. during the year we established a unified, globally integrated fixed income platform. we created a single, highly focused multi-asset group from what was previously operated through three distinct teams. we are also bringing together leadership across our fundamental active equity teams and are further strengthening our private markets platform. notably, table of contents these simplification efforts will enable us to more fully leverage the benefits of our state street alpha platform, which we have begun to test, as a single global investment operation engine across asset classes. further, we have combined our etf, sma and model portfolios efforts into a single group to manage these high growth potential investment vehicles. and we have globalized many aspects of our marketing and digital delivery, consolidating our efforts across the organization. these efforts are intended to drive revenue growth, improve investment quality, reallocate our expenses and capital base and help deliver profitable growth. also, through these efforts, we expect to reduce our expense base by $50 million in 2024.
as previously disclosed, martin l. flanagan retired as president and ceo of the company and as a member of the board of directors effective june 30, 2023. andrew r. schlossberg succeeded mr. flanagan as president and ceo and as a member of the board of directors effective june 30, 2023.
presentation of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - impact of consolidated investment products (cip)
the company provides investment management services to, and has transactions with, retail mutual funds and other investment products sponsored by the company for the investment of client assets in the normal course of business. the company serves as the investment manager, making day-to-day investment decisions concerning the assets of the products. the company is required to consolidate certain of these managed funds from time-to-time, as discussed more fully in part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "accounting policies -- basis of accounting and consolidation." investment products that are consolidated are referred to in this report as cip. the company's economic risk with respect to each investment in cip is limited to its equity ownership, unfunded equity commitments and any uncollected management and performance fees.
the majority of the company's cip balances are clo-related. the collateral assets of the clos are held solely to satisfy the obligations of the clos. the company has no right to the benefits from, nor does it bear the risks associated with, the collateral assets held by the clos, beyond the company's direct investments in, and management and performance fees generated from the clos. if the company were to liquidate, the collateral assets would not be available to the general creditors of the company, and as a result, the company does not consider them to be company assets. likewise, the investors in the clos have no recourse to the general credit of the company for the notes issued by the clos. the company therefore does not consider this debt to be a company liability.
due to the significant impact that cip has on the presentation of the company's consolidated financial statements, the company has elected to deconsolidate these products in its non-gaap disclosures (among other adjustments). see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional information regarding these adjustments. the following discussion therefore combines the results presented under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) with the company's non-gaap presentation.
to assess the impact of cip on the company's results of operations and balance sheet discussion, refer to part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "consolidated investment products."
table of contents summary operating information wherever a non-gaap measure is referenced, a disclosure will follow in the narrative or in the note referring the reader to the schedule of non-gaap information, where additional details regarding the use of the non-gaap measure by the company are disclosed, along with reconciliations of the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures to the non-gaap measures. to further enhance the readability of the results of operations section, separate tables for each of the revenue, expense and other income and expenses (non-operating income/expense) sections of the income statement introduce the narrative that follows, providing a section-by-section review of the company's income statements for the periods presented.
summary operating information for 2023, 2022 and 2021 is presented in the table below.
(in millions, other than per common share amounts, operating margins and aum)                                                           year ended december 31, u.s. gaap financial measures summary                                                           2023                          2022                          2021
operating revenues                                                                     $5,716.4                      $6,048.9                      $6,894.5
operating income/(loss)                                                                $(434.8)                      $1,317.7                      $1,788.2
operating margin                                                                          (7.6)   %                      21.8   %                      25.9   %
net income/(loss) attributable to invesco ltd.                                         $(333.7)                        $683.9                      $1,393.0
diluted earnings per share (eps)                                                        $(0.73)                         $1.49                         $2.99
non-gaap financial measures summary(1)
net revenues                                                                           $4,310.7                      $4,645.0                      $5,261.1
adjusted operating income                                                              $1,213.5                      $1,614.8                      $2,182.6
adjusted operating margin                                                                  28.2   %                      34.8   %                      41.5   %
adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd.                                         $689.7                        $773.2                      $1,439.6
adjusted diluted earnings per share (eps)                                                 $1.51                         $1.68                         $3.09
assets under management ending aum (billions)                                                                  $1,585.3                      $1,409.2                      $1,610.9
average aum (billions)                                                                 $1,500.6                      $1,452.5                      $1,499.9
_________
(1)net revenues, adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin), and adjusted net income (and by calculation, adjusted diluted eps) are non-gaap financial measures, based on methodologies other than u.s. gaap. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for a reconciliation of the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures to the non-gaap measures.
table of contents investment capabilities performance overview invesco's first strategic objective reflects a commitment to deliver the excellence our clients expect, which includes strong investment performance over the long-term for our clients. the table below presents the one-, three-, five-, and ten-year performance of our actively managed investment products measured by the percentage of aum in the top half of benchmark and in the top half of peer group.(1)
benchmark comparison                                                peer group comparison
% of aum in top half of benchmark                                   % of aum in top half of peer group
1yr            3yr            5yr           10yr                     1yr            3yr            5yr           10yr equities (2)
u.s. core (4%)                                       22    %        43    %        31    %        17    %                 18    %        11    %        22    %        12    %
u.s. growth (6%)                                      -    %        11    %        25    %        41    %                 49    %         -    %        62    %        11    %
u.s. value (7%)                                      63    %        92    %        63    %        92    %                 63    %        63    %        63    %        50    %
sector (1%)                                          64    %         8    %         2    %        25    %                 73    %        29    %        31    %        54    %
uk (1%)                                              95    %        66    %        45    %        48    %                 72    %       100    %        47    %        47    %
canadian (&lt;1%)                                    89    %       100    %       100    %        47    %                100    %        89    %       100    %         -    %
asian (4%)                                           48    %        64    %        67    %        88    %                 45    %        42    %        36    %        82    %
continental european (2%)                            67    %        82    %        27    %        66    %                 77    %        80    %        41    %        70    %
global (6%)                                          84    %        44    %        82    %        74    %                 96    %        42    %        45    %        35    %
global ex u.s. and emerging markets (7%)             89    %        18    %        46    %        99    %                 43    %        42    %        34    %        13    %
fixed income (2)
money market (26%)                                   99    %        96    %        99    %       100    %                 85    %        86    %        85    %       100    %
u.s. fixed income (11%)                              84    %        86    %        85    %        97    %                 48    %        44    %        70    %        92    %
global fixed income (6%)                             86    %        62    %        95    %        95    %                 80    %        68    %        73    %        94    %
stable value (5%)                                     -    %        99    %       100    %       100    %                 97    %        97    %        97    %       100    %
other (2)
alternatives (5%)                                    68    %        58    %        78    %        73    %                 50    %        61    %        45    %        55    %
balanced (7%)                                        38    %        47    %        64    %        63    %                 56    %        79    %        93    %        94    %
____________
(1)    excludes passive products, closed-end funds, private equity limited partnerships, non-discretionary funds, uits, fund of funds with component funds managed by invesco, stable value building block funds and collateralized debt obligations. certain funds and products were excluded from the analysis because of limited benchmark or peer group data. had these been available, results may have been different. these results are preliminary and subject to revision.
aum measured versus benchmark on a one, three, five and ten year basis represents 54%, 54%, 50% and 45% of total invesco aum, respectively, and aum measured versus peer group on a one, three, five and ten year quartile rankings represents 42%, 42%, 42% and 38% of total invesco aum as of december 31, 2023. peer group rankings are sourced from a widely-used third-party ranking agency in each fund's market (e.g., morningstar, ia, lipper, evestment, mercer, galaxy, sitca, value research) and asset-weighted in usd. rankings are as of prior quarter-end for most institutional products and prior month-end for australian retail funds due to their late release by third parties. rankings are calculated against all funds in each peer group. rankings for the primary share class of the most representative fund in each composite are applied to all products within each composite. performance assumes the reinvestment of dividends. past performance is not indicative of future results and may not reflect an investor's experience.
(2)    numbers in parentheses reflect aum for each investment product (see note 1 above for exclusions) as a percentage of the total aum for the five year peer group ($661.9 billion).
assets under management the following presentation and discussion of aum includes passive and active aum. passive aum include index-based etfs, uits, non-management fee earning aum and other passive mandates. active aum are total aum less passive aum.
non-management fee earning aum includes non-management fee earning etfs, uits and product leverage. the net flows in non-management fee earning aum can be relatively short-term in nature and, due to the relatively low revenue yield, these can have a significant impact on overall net revenue yield.
table of contents the aum tables and the discussion below refer to certain aum as long-term. long-term inflows and the underlying reasons for the movements in this line item include investments from new clients, existing clients adding new accounts/funds or contributions/subscriptions into existing accounts/funds. long-term outflows reflect client redemptions from accounts/funds and include the return of invested capital upon maturity. we present net flows into money market funds separately because shareholders of those funds typically use them as short-term funding vehicles and the flows are particularly sensitive to short-term interest rate movements.
changes in aum by investment approach were as follows:
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2022                                                                                        2021
(in billions)                                              total aum                       active                      passive                       total aum                         active                      passive                       total aum                         active                      passive beginning assets (january 1)                          $1,409.2                        $976.2                       $433.0                       $1,610.9                        $1,082.5                       $528.4                       $1,349.9                          $979.3                       $370.6
long-term inflows                                        299.1                         164.3                        134.8                          330.3                           197.9                        132.4                          426.8                           260.2                        166.6
long-term outflows                                     (288.9)                       (193.3)                       (95.6)                        (330.8)                         (226.2)                      (104.6)                        (345.4)                         (242.0)                      (103.4)
net long-term flows                                       10.2                        (29.0)                         39.2                          (0.5)                          (28.3)                         27.8                           81.4                            18.2                         63.2
net flows in non-management fee earning aum                6.2                             -                          6.2                          (3.2)                               -                        (3.2)                           20.6                           (0.1)                         20.7
net flows in money market funds                         (11.1)                        (11.1)                            -                           56.4                            56.4                            -                           39.7                            39.7                            -
total net flows                                            5.3                        (40.1)                         45.4                           52.7                            28.1                         24.6                          141.7                            57.8                         83.9
reinvested distributions                                  11.5                          11.5                            -                           15.2                                 15.2                       -                           31.6                            31.6                            -
market gains and losses                                  161.1                          40.0                        121.1                        (243.5)                         (125.6)                      (117.9)                           94.0                            18.3                         75.7
dispositions                                             (1.4)                         (1.4)                            -                              -                               -                            -                              -                               -                            -
foreign currency translation                             (0.4)                         (0.9)                          0.5                         (26.1)                          (24.0)                        (2.1)                          (6.3)                           (4.5)                        (1.8)
ending assets (december 31)                           $1,585.3                        $985.3                       $600.0                       $1,409.2                          $976.2                       $433.0                       $1,610.9                        $1,082.5                       $528.4
average aum average long-term aum                                 $1,091.3                        $780.4                       $310.9                       $1,104.8                          $820.8                       $284.0                       $1,177.1                          $919.1                       $258.0
average aum                                           $1,500.6                        $992.3                       $508.3                       $1,452.5                          $988.2                       $464.3                       $1,499.9                        $1,050.2                       $449.7
average qqq aum                                         $187.5                            $-                       $187.5                         $169.1                              $-                       $169.1                         $176.0                              $-                       $176.0
2023                                                                              2022              2021
revenue yield (bps) (1)
u.s. gaap gross revenue yield                                   40.4              44.5              48.7
net revenue yield ex performance fees ex qqq (2)            32.4               35.5              39.1
active net revenue yield ex performance fees                    37.7              40.7              44.0
passive net revenue yield ex qqq (2)                        16.0               18.1              20.1
____________
(1)    u.s. gaap gross revenue yield is not considered a meaningful effective fee rate measure. gross revenue yield on aum is equal to u.s. gaap annualized total operating revenues divided by average aum, excluding igw aum. it is appropriate to exclude the average aum of igw as the revenues resulting from these aum are not presented in u.s. gaap operating revenues. the average aum for invesco great wall was $87.2 billion in 2023 (2022: $93.5 billion, 2021: $84.0 billion). additionally, the u.s. gaap gross revenue yield is not a good measure because the numerator of the u.s. gaap gross revenue yield excludes the management fees earned from cip; however, the denominator of the measure includes the aum of these investment products. net revenue yield metrics include the net revenues and average aum of igw and cip. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for a reconciliation of operating revenues to net revenues.
(2)    performance fees are earned when certain performance metrics are achieved and qqq etfs do not earn net revenues. therefore, net revenue yield is calculated excluding performance fees and qqq aum. passive net revenue yield is calculated excluding qqq aum.
table of contents flows there are numerous drivers of aum inflows and outflows, including individual investor decisions to change investment preferences, fiduciaries and other gatekeepers making broad asset allocation decisions on behalf of their clients, and reallocation of investments within portfolios. we are not a party to these asset allocation decisions, as the company does not generally have access to the underlying investor's decision-making process, including their risk appetite or liquidity needs. therefore, the company is not in a position to provide meaningful information regarding the drivers of inflows and outflows.
market returns market gains and losses include the net change in aum resulting from changes in market values of the underlying securities from period to period. the table in the "executive overview" section of this management's discussion and analysis summarizes returns based on price appreciation/(depreciation) of several major market indices for the years ended december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022.
foreign exchange rates during the year ended december 31, 2023, we experienced a decrease in aum of $0.4 billion due to changes in foreign exchange rates (december 31, 2022: aum decreased $26.1 billion; december 31, 2021: aum decreased $6.3 billion).
table of contents total aum by channel (1)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2022                                                                                          2021
(in billions)                                                total                         retail                 institutional                         total                         retail                 institutional                         total                         retail                    institutional beginning assets (january 1)                          $1,409.2                        $872.3                      $536.9                         $1,610.9                      $1,106.5                      $504.4                         $1,349.9                        $947.1                         $402.8
long-term inflows                                        299.1                         219.9                        79.2                            330.3                         243.9                        86.4                            426.8                         301.2                          125.6
long-term outflows                                     (288.9)                       (214.5)                      (74.4)                          (330.8)                       (257.5)                      (73.3)                          (345.4)                       (265.7)                         (79.7)
net long-term flows                                       10.2                           5.4                         4.8                            (0.5)                        (13.6)                        13.1                             81.4                          35.5                           45.9
net flows in non-management fee earning aum                6.2                           5.9                         0.3                            (3.2)                           0.9                       (4.1)                             20.6                          20.2                            0.4
net flows in money market funds                         (11.1)                           1.4                      (12.5)                             56.4                           1.8                        54.6                             39.7                           3.3                           36.4
total net flows                                            5.3                          12.7                       (7.4)                             52.7                        (10.9)                        63.6                            141.7                          59.0                           82.7
reinvested distributions                                  11.5                          11.0                         0.5                             15.2                          14.8                         0.4                             31.6                          31.1                            0.5
market gains and losses                                  161.1                         145.2                        15.9                          (243.5)                       (227.3)                      (16.2)                             94.0                          69.0                           25.0
dispositions                                             (1.4)                             -                       (1.4)                                -                             -                           -                                -                             -                              -
foreign currency translation                             (0.4)                           0.8                       (1.2)                           (26.1)                        (10.8)                      (15.3)                            (6.3)                           0.3                          (6.6)
ending assets (december 31)                           $1,585.3                      $1,042.0                      $543.3                         $1,409.2                        $872.3                      $536.9                         $1,610.9                      $1,106.5                         $504.4
total aum by client domicile (3)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2022                                                                                                              2021
(in billions)                                                total                       americas                     apac                     emea                         total                       americas                     apac                     emea                         total                       americas                        apac                     emea beginning assets (january 1)                          $1,409.2                        $999.4                    $223.5                   $186.3                      $1,610.9                      $1,132.5                    $247.3                   $231.1                      $1,349.9                        $959.9                       $171.3                   $218.7
long-term inflows                                        299.1                         154.0                      77.1                     68.0                         330.3                         184.0                      76.6                     69.7                         426.8                         213.2                        139.0                     74.6
long-term outflows                                     (288.9)                       (156.0)                    (67.0)                   (65.9)                       (330.8)                       (193.8)                    (62.5)                   (74.5)                       (345.4)                       (197.7)                       (71.8)                   (75.9)
net long-term flows                                       10.2                         (2.0)                      10.1                      2.1                         (0.5)                         (9.8)                      14.1                    (4.8)                          81.4                          15.5                         67.2                    (1.3)
net flows in non-management fee earning aum                6.2                           7.2                     (0.3)                    (0.7)                         (3.2)                         (3.6)                       1.1                    (0.7)                          20.6                          15.9                          2.4                      2.3
net flows in money market funds                         (11.1)                        (11.7)                       1.3                    (0.7)                          56.4                          58.3                     (0.3)                    (1.6)                          39.7                          35.7                          4.1                    (0.1)
total net flows                                            5.3                         (6.5)                      11.1                      0.7                          52.7                          44.9                      14.9                    (7.1)                         141.7                          67.1                         73.7                      0.9
reinvested distributions                                  11.5                          11.3                         -                      0.2                          15.2                          14.9                         -                      0.3                          31.6                          31.2                          0.1                      0.3
market gains and losses                                  161.1                         130.4                       6.3                     24.4                       (243.5)                       (191.3)                    (22.6)                   (29.6)                          94.0                          74.4                          5.9                     13.7
dispositions                                             (1.4)                         (1.4)                         -                        -                             -                             -                         -                        -                             -                             -                            -                        -
foreign currency translation                             (0.4)                           0.7                     (5.4)                      4.3                        (26.1)                         (1.6)                    (16.1)                    (8.4)                         (6.3)                         (0.1)                        (3.7)                    (2.5)
ending assets (december 31)                           $1,585.3                      $1,133.9                    $235.5                   $215.9                      $1,409.2                        $999.4                    $223.5                   $186.3                      $1,610.9                      $1,132.5                       $247.3                   $231.1
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
table of contents total aum by asset class (2)
(in billions)                                                total                       equity                     fixed income                  balanced                  money market                  alternatives january 1, 2023                                       $1,409.2                      $637.0                         $313.7                       $67.1                      $203.5                        $187.9
long-term inflows                                        299.1                       151.3                          104.5                        12.4                           -                          30.9
long-term outflows                                     (288.9)                     (128.9)                        (102.2)                      (17.7)                           -                        (40.1)
net long-term flows                                       10.2                        22.4                            2.3                       (5.3)                           -                         (9.2)
net flows in non-management fee earning aum                6.2                         6.1                            0.1                           -                           -                             -
net flows in money market funds                         (11.1)                           -                              -                           -                      (11.1)                             -
total net flows                                            5.3                        28.5                            2.4                       (5.3)                      (11.1)                         (9.2)
reinvested distributions                                  11.5                         7.2                            1.8                         1.3                         0.3                           0.9
market gains and losses                                  161.1                       149.3                            9.8                       (0.1)                         0.6                           1.5
dispositions                                             (1.4)                           -                              -                           -                           -                         (1.4)
foreign currency translation                             (0.4)                         1.7                          (2.0)                       (0.3)                       (0.6)                           0.8
december 31, 2023                                     $1,585.3                      $823.7                         $325.7                       $62.7                      $192.7                        $180.5
average aum                                           $1,500.6                      $723.0                         $318.4                       $64.7                      $212.0                        $182.6
% of total average aum                                   100.0   %                    48.2    %                      21.2      %                  4.3    %                   14.1      %                   12.2      %
january 1, 2022                                       $1,610.9                      $841.6                         $334.8                       $88.6                      $148.8                        $197.1
long-term inflows                                        330.3                       143.7                          119.3                        15.2                           -                          52.1
long-term outflows                                     (330.8)                     (152.5)                        (102.4)                      (20.9)                           -                        (55.0)
net long-term flows                                      (0.5)                       (8.8)                           16.9                       (5.7)                           -                         (2.9)
net flows in non-management fee earning aum              (3.2)                         1.0                          (4.2)                           -                           -                             -
net flows in money market funds                           56.4                           -                              -                           -                        56.4                             -
total net flows                                           52.7                       (7.8)                           12.7                       (5.7)                        56.4                         (2.9)
reinvested distributions                                  15.2                        11.1                            1.6                         1.2                           -                           1.3
market gains and losses                                (243.5)                     (198.8)                         (27.3)                      (13.2)                         1.1                         (5.3)
dispositions                                                 -                           -                              -                           -                           -                             -
foreign currency translation                            (26.1)                       (9.1)                          (8.1)                       (3.8)                       (2.8)                         (2.3)
december 31, 2022                                     $1,409.2                      $637.0                         $313.7                       $67.1                      $203.5                        $187.9
average aum                                           $1,452.5                      $697.1                         $315.1                       $73.3                      $167.6                        $199.4
% of total average aum                                   100.0   %                    48.0    %                      21.7      %                  5.1    %                   11.5      %                   13.7      %
january 1, 2021                                       $1,349.9                      $689.6                         $296.4                       $78.9                      $108.5                        $176.5
long-term inflows                                        426.8                       205.0                          118.1                        48.5                           -                          55.2
long-term outflows                                     (345.4)                     (182.1)                         (76.8)                      (40.8)                           -                        (45.7)
net long-term flows                                       81.4                        22.9                           41.3                         7.7                           -                           9.5
net flows in non-management fee earning aum               20.6                        20.6                              -                           -                           -                             -
net flows in money market funds                           39.7                           -                              -                           -                        39.7                             -
total net flows                                          141.7                        43.5                           41.3                         7.7                        39.7                           9.5
reinvested distributions                                  31.6                        25.4                            1.9                         2.7                           -                           1.6
market gains and losses                                   94.0                        85.9                          (2.0)                       (1.1)                           -                          11.2
dispositions                                                 -                           -                              -                           -                           -                             -
foreign currency translation                             (6.3)                       (2.8)                          (2.8)                         0.4                         0.6                         (1.7)
december 31, 2021                                     $1,610.9                      $841.6                         $334.8                       $88.6                      $148.8                        $197.1
average aum                                           $1,499.9                      $778.3                         $316.1                       $86.5                      $131.1                        $187.9
% of total average aum                                   100.0   %                    51.9    %                      21.1      %                  5.8    %                    8.7      %                   12.5      %
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
table of contents active aum by channel (1)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                         2022                                                                                     2021
(in billions)                                              total                    retail                 institutional                         total                       retail                 institutional                         total                       retail                 institutional beginning assets (january 1)                          $976.2                   $482.1                      $494.1                         $1,082.5                      $631.7                      $450.8                           $979.3                      $601.1                      $378.2
long-term inflows                                      164.3                     98.8                        65.5                            197.9                       117.0                        80.9                            260.2                       163.5                        96.7
long-term outflows                                   (193.3)                  (126.0)                      (67.3)                          (226.2)                     (157.5)                      (68.7)                          (242.0)                     (167.9)                      (74.1)
net long-term flows                                   (29.0)                   (27.2)                       (1.8)                           (28.3)                      (40.5)                        12.2                             18.2                       (4.4)                        22.6
net flows in non-management fee earning aum                -                      0.1                       (0.1)                                -                           -                           -                            (0.1)                       (0.1)                           -
net flows in money market funds                       (11.1)                      1.4                      (12.5)                             56.4                         1.8                        54.6                             39.7                         3.3                        36.4
total net flows                                       (40.1)                   (25.7)                      (14.4)                             28.1                      (38.7)                        66.8                             57.8                       (1.2)                        59.0
reinvested distributions                                11.5                     11.0                         0.5                             15.2                        14.8                         0.4                             31.6                        31.1                         0.5
market gains and losses                                 40.0                     33.7                         6.3                          (125.6)                     (115.6)                      (10.0)                             18.3                       (0.1)                        18.4
dispositions                                           (1.4)                        -                       (1.4)                                -                           -                           -                                -                           -                           -
foreign currency translation                           (0.9)                      0.4                       (1.3)                           (24.0)                      (10.1)                      (13.9)                            (4.5)                         0.8                       (5.3)
ending assets (december 31)                           $985.3                   $501.5                      $483.8                           $976.2                      $482.1                      $494.1                         $1,082.5                      $631.7                      $450.8
active aum by client domicile (3)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2022                                                                                                            2021
(in billions)                                              total                  americas                     apac                     emea                         total                     americas                     apac                     emea                         total                     americas                        apac                     emea beginning assets (january 1)                          $976.2                   $670.8                    $191.0                   $114.4                      $1,082.5                      $724.5                    $208.8                   $149.2                        $979.3                      $656.9                       $163.4                   $159.0
long-term inflows                                      164.3                     78.0                      61.1                     25.2                         197.9                       104.0                      69.3                     24.6                         260.2                       113.6                        110.5                     36.1
long-term outflows                                   (193.3)                  (109.7)                    (55.0)                   (28.6)                       (226.2)                     (133.4)                    (56.1)                   (36.7)                       (242.0)                     (125.4)                       (67.4)                   (49.2)
net long-term flows                                   (29.0)                   (31.7)                       6.1                    (3.4)                        (28.3)                      (29.4)                      13.2                   (12.1)                          18.2                      (11.8)                         43.1                   (13.1)
net flows in non-management fee earning aum                -                        -                         -                        -                             -                           -                       0.1                    (0.1)                         (0.1)                       (0.2)                          0.1                        -
net flows in money market funds                       (11.1)                   (11.7)                       1.3                    (0.7)                          56.4                        58.3                     (0.3)                    (1.6)                          39.7                        35.7                          4.1                    (0.1)
total net flows                                       (40.1)                   (43.4)                       7.4                    (4.1)                          28.1                        28.9                      13.0                   (13.8)                          57.8                        23.7                         47.3                   (13.2)
reinvested distributions                                11.5                     11.3                         -                      0.2                          15.2                        14.9                         -                      0.3                          31.6                        31.2                          0.1                      0.3
market gains and losses                                 40.0                     33.4                     (1.0)                      7.6                       (125.6)                      (96.0)                    (16.3)                   (13.3)                          18.3                        12.8                          0.3                      5.2
dispositions                                           (1.4)                    (1.4)                         -                        -                             -                           -                         -                        -                             -                           -                            -                        -
foreign currency translation                           (0.9)                      0.7                     (5.4)                      3.8                        (24.0)                       (1.5)                    (14.5)                    (8.0)                         (4.5)                       (0.1)                        (2.3)                    (2.1)
ending assets (december 31)                           $985.3                   $671.4                    $192.0                   $121.9                        $976.2                      $670.8                    $191.0                   $114.4                      $1,082.5                      $724.5                       $208.8                   $149.2
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
table of contents active aum by asset class (2)
(in billions)                                                total                    equity                     fixed income                  balanced                  money market                  alternatives january 1, 2023                                         $976.2                   $277.5                         $273.0                       $66.3                      $203.5                        $155.9
long-term inflows                                        164.3                     49.3                           85.0                        12.3                           -                          17.7
long-term outflows                                     (193.3)                   (64.5)                         (85.3)                      (17.6)                           -                        (25.9)
net long-term flows                                     (29.0)                   (15.2)                          (0.3)                       (5.3)                           -                         (8.2)
net flows in money market funds                         (11.1)                        -                              -                           -                      (11.1)                             -
total net flows                                         (40.1)                   (15.2)                          (0.3)                       (5.3)                      (11.1)                         (8.2)
reinvested distributions                                  11.5                      7.2                            1.8                         1.3                         0.3                           0.9
market gains and losses                                   40.0                     31.9                            7.8                       (0.2)                         0.6                         (0.1)
dispositions                                             (1.4)                        -                              -                           -                           -                         (1.4)
foreign currency translation                             (0.9)                      1.5                          (2.3)                       (0.3)                       (0.6)                           0.8
december 31, 2023                                       $985.3                   $302.9                         $280.0                       $61.8                      $192.7                        $147.9
average aum                                             $992.3                   $291.6                         $273.1                       $63.9                      $212.0                        $151.8
% of total average aum                                   100.0   %                 29.4    %                      27.5      %                  6.4    %                   21.4      %                   15.3      %
january 1, 2022                                       $1,082.5                   $389.6                         $293.1                       $87.4                      $148.8                        $163.6
long-term inflows                                        197.9                     54.2                           98.1                        15.2                           -                          30.4
long-term outflows                                     (226.2)                   (83.3)                         (89.7)                      (20.8)                           -                        (32.4)
net long-term flows                                     (28.3)                   (29.1)                            8.4                       (5.6)                           -                         (2.0)
net flows in money market funds                           56.4                        -                              -                           -                        56.4                             -
total net flows                                           28.1                   (29.1)                            8.4                       (5.6)                        56.4                         (2.0)
reinvested distributions                                  15.2                     11.1                            1.6                         1.2                           -                           1.3
market gains and losses                                (125.6)                   (86.4)                         (22.4)                      (12.9)                         1.1                         (5.0)
dispositions                                                 -                        -                              -                           -                           -                             -
foreign currency translation                            (24.0)                    (7.7)                          (7.7)                       (3.8)                       (2.8)                         (2.0)
december 31, 2022                                       $976.2                   $277.5                         $273.0                       $66.3                      $203.5                        $155.9
average aum                                             $988.2                   $309.6                         $275.2                       $72.3                      $167.5                        $163.6
% of total average aum                                   100.0   %                 31.3    %                      27.8      %                  7.3    %                   17.0      %                   16.6      %
january 1, 2021                                         $979.3                   $383.2                         $259.4                       $77.9                      $108.5                        $150.3
long-term inflows                                        260.2                     70.9                          103.5                        48.3                           -                          37.5
long-term outflows                                     (242.0)                   (98.9)                         (67.9)                      (40.8)                           -                        (34.4)
net long-term flows                                       18.2                   (28.0)                           35.6                         7.5                           -                           3.1
net flows in non-management fee earning aum              (0.1)                    (0.1)                          (0.1)                         0.1                           -                             -
net flows in money market funds                           39.7                        -                              -                           -                        39.7                             -
total net flows                                           57.8                   (28.1)                           35.5                         7.6                        39.7                           3.1
reinvested distributions                                  31.6                     25.4                            1.9                         2.7                           -                           1.6
market gains and losses                                   18.3                     10.8                          (1.3)                       (1.2)                           -                          10.0
dispositions                                                 -                        -                              -                           -                           -                             -
foreign currency translation                             (4.5)                    (1.7)                          (2.4)                         0.4                         0.6                         (1.4)
december 31, 2021                                     $1,082.5                   $389.6                         $293.1                       $87.4                      $148.8                        $163.6
average aum                                           $1,050.2                   $401.5                         $275.0                       $85.4                      $131.1                        $157.2
% of total average aum                                   100.0   %                 38.2    %                      26.2      %                  8.1    %                   12.5      %                   15.0      %
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
table of contents passive aum by channel (1)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                          2022                                                                                   2021
(in billions)                                              total                       retail                 institutional                       total                       retail                 institutional                       total                       retail                 institutional beginning assets (january 1)                          $433.0                      $390.2                       $42.8                         $528.4                      $474.8                       $53.6                         $370.6                      $346.0                       $24.6
long-term inflows                                      134.8                       121.1                        13.7                          132.4                       126.9                         5.5                          166.6                       137.7                        28.9
long-term outflows                                    (95.6)                      (88.5)                       (7.1)                        (104.6)                     (100.0)                       (4.6)                        (103.4)                      (97.8)                       (5.6)
net long-term flows                                     39.2                        32.6                         6.6                           27.8                        26.9                         0.9                           63.2                        39.9                        23.3
net flows in non-management fee earning aum              6.2                         5.8                         0.4                          (3.2)                         0.9                       (4.1)                           20.7                        20.3                         0.4
total net flows                                         45.4                        38.4                         7.0                           24.6                        27.8                       (3.2)                           83.9                        60.2                        23.7
market gains and losses                                121.1                       111.5                         9.6                        (117.9)                     (111.7)                       (6.2)                           75.7                        69.1                         6.6
foreign currency translation                             0.5                         0.4                         0.1                          (2.1)                       (0.7)                       (1.4)                          (1.8)                       (0.5)                       (1.3)
ending assets (december 31)                           $600.0                      $540.5                       $59.5                         $433.0                      $390.2                       $42.8                         $528.4                      $474.8                       $53.6
passive aum by client domicile (3)
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2022                                                                                                  2021
(in billions)                                              total                  americas                     apac                     emea                       total                  americas                   apac                   emea(4)                       total                  americas                   apac                     emea beginning assets (january 1)                          $433.0                   $328.6                     $32.5                    $71.9                      $528.4                   $408.0                   $38.5                    $81.9                       $370.6                   $303.0                    $7.9                    $59.7
long-term inflows                                      134.8                     76.0                      16.0                     42.8                       132.4                     80.0                     7.3                     45.1                        166.6                     99.6                    28.5                     38.5
long-term outflows                                    (95.6)                   (46.3)                    (12.0)                   (37.3)                     (104.6)                   (60.4)                   (6.4)                   (37.8)                      (103.4)                   (72.3)                   (4.4)                   (26.7)
net long-term flows                                     39.2                     29.7                       4.0                      5.5                        27.8                     19.6                     0.9                      7.3                         63.2                     27.3                    24.1                     11.8
net flows in non-management fee earning aum              6.2                      7.2                     (0.3)                    (0.7)                       (3.2)                    (3.6)                     1.0                    (0.6)                         20.7                     16.1                     2.3                      2.3
total net flows                                         45.4                     36.9                       3.7                      4.8                        24.6                     16.0                     1.9                      6.7                         83.9                     43.4                    26.4                     14.1
market gains and losses                                121.1                     97.0                       7.3                     16.8                     (117.9)                   (95.3)                   (6.3)                   (16.3)                         75.7                     61.6                     5.6                      8.5
foreign currency translation                             0.5                        -                         -                      0.5                       (2.1)                    (0.1)                   (1.6)                    (0.4)                        (1.8)                        -                   (1.4)                    (0.4)
ending assets (december 31)                           $600.0                   $462.5                     $43.5                    $94.0                      $433.0                   $328.6                   $32.5                    $71.9                       $528.4                   $408.0                   $38.5                    $81.9
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
table of contents passive aum by asset class (2)
(in billions)                                              total                       equity                  fixed income                balanced   money market                        alternatives january 1, 2023                                       $433.0                      $359.5                       $40.7                      $0.8        $-                                  $32.0
long-term inflows                                      134.8                       102.0                        19.5                       0.1        -                                    13.2
long-term outflows                                    (95.6)                      (64.4)                      (16.9)                     (0.1)        -                                  (14.2)
net long-term flows                                     39.2                        37.6                         2.6                         -        -                                   (1.0)
net flows in non-management fee earning aum              6.2                         6.1                         0.1                         -        -                                       -
total net flows                                         45.4                        43.7                         2.7                         -        -                                   (1.0)
market gains and losses                                121.1                       117.4                         2.0                       0.1        -                                     1.6
foreign currency translation                             0.5                         0.2                         0.3                         -        -                                       -
december 31, 2023                                     $600.0                      $520.8                       $45.7                      $0.9        $-                                  $32.6
average aum                                           $508.3                      $431.4                       $45.3                      $0.8        $-                                  $30.8
% of total average aum                                 100.0   %                    84.8    %                    8.9      %                0.2    %   -             %                       6.1      %
january 1, 2022                                       $528.4                      $452.0                       $41.7                      $1.2        $-                                  $33.5
long-term inflows                                      132.4                        89.5                        21.2                         -        -                                    21.7
long-term outflows                                   (104.6)                      (69.2)                      (12.7)                     (0.1)        -                                  (22.6)
net long-term flows                                     27.8                        20.3                         8.5                     (0.1)        -                                   (0.9)
net flows in non-management fee earning aum            (3.2)                         1.0                       (4.2)                         -        -                                       -
total net flows                                         24.6                        21.3                         4.3                     (0.1)        -                                   (0.9)
market gains and losses                              (117.9)                     (112.4)                       (4.9)                     (0.3)        -                                   (0.3)
foreign currency translation                           (2.1)                       (1.4)                       (0.4)                         -        -                                   (0.3)
december 31, 2022                                     $433.0                      $359.5                       $40.7                      $0.8        $-                                  $32.0
average aum                                           $464.3                      $387.6                       $39.9                      $0.9        $-                                  $35.9
% of total average aum                                 100.0   %                    83.5    %                    8.6      %                0.2    %   -             %                       7.7      %
january 1, 2021                                       $370.6                      $306.4                       $37.0                      $1.0        $-                                  $26.2
long-term inflows                                      166.6                       134.1                        14.6                       0.2        -                                    17.7
long-term outflows                                   (103.4)                      (83.2)                       (8.9)                         -        -                                  (11.3)
net long-term flows                                     63.2                        50.9                         5.7                       0.2        -                                     6.4
net flows in non-management fee earning aum             20.7                        20.7                         0.1                     (0.1)        -                                       -
total net flows                                         83.9                        71.6                         5.8                       0.1        -                                     6.4
market gains and losses                                 75.7                        75.1                       (0.7)                       0.1        -                                     1.2
foreign currency translation                           (1.8)                       (1.1)                       (0.4)                         -        -                                   (0.3)
december 31, 2021                                     $528.4                      $452.0                       $41.7                      $1.2        $-                                  $33.5
average aum                                           $449.7                      $376.8                       $41.1                      $1.1        $-                                  $30.7
% of total average aum                                 100.0   %                    83.8    %                    9.2      %                0.2    %   -             %                       6.8      %
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
(1)    channel refers to the internal distribution channel from which the aum originated. retail aum represent aum distributed by the company's retail sales team. institutional aum represent aum distributed by our institutional sales team. this aggregation is viewed as a proxy for presenting aum in the retail and institutional markets in which the company operates.
(2)    asset classes are descriptive groupings of aum by common type of underlying investments.
(3)    client domicile groups aum by the domicile of the underlying clients.
table of contents results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022
the discussion below includes the use of non-gaap financial measures. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional details and reconciliations of the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures to the non-gaap measures.
operating revenues and net revenues the main categories of revenues, and the dollar and percentage change between the periods, are as follows:
variance years ended december 31,                                             2023 vs 2022                                                2022 vs 2021
(in millions)                                  2023                          2022                          2021                    $ change                     % change                       $ change                     % change investment management fees             $4,106.0                      $4,358.4                      $4,995.9                   $(252.4)                        (5.8)    %                  $(637.5)                       (12.8)    %
service and distribution fees           1,374.6                       1,405.5                       1,596.4                     (30.9)                        (2.2)    %                   (190.9)                       (12.0)    %
performance fees                           46.7                          68.2                          56.1                     (21.5)                       (31.5)    %                      12.1                         21.6    %
other                                     189.1                         216.8                         246.1                     (27.7)                       (12.8)    %                    (29.3)                       (11.9)    %
total operating revenues               $5,716.4                      $6,048.9                      $6,894.5                   $(332.5)                        (5.5)    %                  $(845.6)                       (12.3)    %
revenue adjustments:
investment management fees             $(766.4)                      $(764.7)                      $(844.1)                     $(1.7)                          0.2    %                     $79.4                        (9.4)    %
service and distribution fees           (911.7)                       (961.1)                     (1,087.5)                       49.4                        (5.1)    %                     126.4                       (11.6)    %
other                                   (147.1)                       (160.4)                       (217.7)                       13.3                        (8.3)    %                      57.3                       (26.3)    %
total revenue adjustments (1)         (1,825.2)                     (1,886.2)                     (2,149.3)                       61.0                        (3.2)    %                     263.1                       (12.2)    %
invesco great wall                        368.3                         432.7                         473.5                     (64.4)                       (14.9)    %                    (40.8)                        (8.6)    %
cip                                        51.2                          49.6                          42.4                        1.6                          3.2    %                       7.2                         17.0    %
net revenues (2)                       $4,310.7                      $4,645.0                      $5,261.1                   $(334.3)                        (7.2)    %                  $(616.1)                       (11.7)    %
_________
(1)    total revenue adjustments remove pass through investment management, service and distribution, and other revenues and equal the same amount as the third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses.
(2)    see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional important disclosures regarding the use of net revenues.
our revenues are directly influenced by the level and composition of our aum. therefore, movements in global capital market levels, net business inflows (or outflows), and changes in the mix of investment products between asset classes and geographies may materially affect our revenues from period to period. see the company's disclosures regarding the changes in aum during the year ended december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022 in the "assets under management" section above for additional information.
passive aum generally earn a lower effective fee rate than active asset classes, and therefore, changes in the mix of aum have an impact on revenues and net revenue yield. average aum were $1,500.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $1,452.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. during 2023, investors continued to shift aum toward lower yield passive products, such as etfs. as a result, net revenue yield excluding performance fees and qqq declined from 35.5 basis points (bps) for the year ended december 31, 2022 to 32.4 bps for the year ended december 31, 2023.
in addition, as fee rates differ across geographic locations, changes to the mix of aum between geographies and exchange rates have an impact on operating revenues and net revenue yields.
investment management fees investment management fees were $4,106.0 million for year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $4,358.4 million for year ended december 31, 2022 as a result of shifts in the asset mix to lower yield products as compared to the prior year. see discussion above on how aum changes impact our investment management fees.
table of contents service and distribution fees for the year ended december 31, 2023, service and distribution fees were $1,374.6 million as compared to $1,405.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease is primarily driven by lower transfer agency fees of $24.5 million and distribution fees of $17.3 million, partially offset by higher administrative fees of $9.4 million. the decrease is primarily due to lower aum to which these fees apply.
performance fees for the year ended december 31, 2023, performance fees were $46.7 million as compared to $68.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. performance fees in 2023 were primarily generated from institutional and real estate products. performance fees in 2022 were primarily generated from real estate, institutional, bank loans and private equity products.
other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023, other revenues were $189.1 million as compared to $216.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease in other revenues was primarily driven by lower real estate transaction fees of $15.3 million and front end fees of $17.1 million, partially offset by higher other transaction fees of $6.6 million.
invesco great wall the company's most significant joint venture is our 49% investment in igw. management reflects 100% of igw's results in its net revenues and adjusted operating expenses because it is important to evaluate the contribution that igw is making to the business. the company's non-gaap operating results reflect the economics of these holdings on a basis consistent with the underlying aum and flows. adjusted net income is reduced by the amount of earnings attributable to the 51% noncontrolling interests. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional disclosures regarding the use of net revenues.
net revenues from igw were $368.3 million and average aum was $87.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 (net revenues were $432.7 million and average aum was $93.5 billion, for the year ended december 31, 2022). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased net revenues from igw by $20.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease in revenue was primarily due to lower average aum, shifts in the asset mix to lower yield products, lower performance fees and implementation of the regulatory mandated fee reductions in china.
management, performance and other fees earned from cip management believes that the consolidation of investment products may impact a reader's analysis of our underlying results of operations and could result in investor confusion or the production of information about the company by analysts or external credit rating agencies that is not reflective of the underlying results of operations and financial condition of the company. accordingly, management believes that it is appropriate to adjust operating revenues for the impact of cip in calculating net revenues. as management and performance fees earned by invesco from the consolidated products are eliminated upon consolidation of the investment products, management believes that it is appropriate to add these operating revenues back in the calculation of net revenues. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional disclosures regarding the use of net revenues.
management and performance fees earned from cip were $51.2 million in the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to $49.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
table of contents operating expenses the main categories of operating expenses, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods, are as follows:
variance years ended december 31,                                                2023 vs 2022                                             2022 vs 2021
(in millions)                                                    2023                          2022                          2021                       $ change                     % change                    $ change                     % change third-party distribution, service and advisory           $1,825.2                      $1,886.2                      $2,149.3                       $(61.0)                        (3.2)    %               $(263.1)                       (12.2)    %
employee compensation                                     1,885.8                       1,725.1                       1,911.3                         160.7                          9.3    %                (186.2)                        (9.7)    %
marketing                                                   103.4                         114.9                          98.6                        (11.5)                       (10.0)    %                   16.3                         16.5    %
property, office and technology                             546.0                         539.8                         526.0                           6.2                          1.1    %                   13.8                          2.6    %
general and administrative                                  450.4                         380.2                         424.1                          70.2                         18.5    %                 (43.9)                       (10.4)    %
transaction, integration and restructuring                   41.6                          21.2                        (65.9)                          20.4                         96.2    %                   87.1                               n/a amortization and impairment of intangibles                1,298.8                          63.8                          62.9                       1,235.0                      1,935.7    %                    0.9                          1.4    %
total operating expenses                                 $6,151.2                      $4,731.2                      $5,106.3                      $1,420.0                         30.0    %               $(375.1)                        (7.3)    %
the table below sets forth these expense categories as a percentage of total operating expenses and operating revenues, which we believe provides useful information as to the relative significance of each type of expense.
(in millions)                                                    2023                   % of total operating expenses                   % of operating revenues                         2022                % of total operating expenses                % of operating revenues                         2021                   % of total operating expenses                % of operating revenues third-party distribution, service and advisory           $1,825.2                                    29.7           %                            31.9         %                  $1,886.2                                39.9           %                         31.2         %                  $2,149.3                                   42.1           %                         31.2         %
employee compensation                                     1,885.8                                    30.7           %                            33.0         %                   1,725.1                                36.5           %                         28.5         %                   1,911.3                                   37.4           %                         27.7         %
marketing                                                   103.4                                     1.7           %                             1.8         %                     114.9                                 2.4           %                          1.9         %                      98.6                                    1.9           %                          1.4         %
property, office and technology                             546.0                                     8.9           %                             9.6         %                     539.8                                11.5           %                          8.8         %                     526.0                                   10.4           %                          7.7         %
general and administrative                                  450.4                                     7.2           %                             7.9         %                     380.2                                 8.0           %                          6.3         %                     424.1                                    8.3           %                          6.2         %
transaction, integration and restructuring                   41.6                                     0.7           %                             0.7         %                      21.2                                 0.4           %                          0.4         %                    (65.9)                                  (1.3)           %                        (1.0)         %
amortization and impairment of intangibles                1,298.8                                    21.1           %                            22.7         %                      63.8                                 1.3           %                          1.1         %                      62.9                                    1.2           %                          0.9         %
total operating expenses                                 $6,151.2                                   100.0           %                           107.6         %                  $4,731.2                                 100           %                         78.2         %                  $5,106.3                                  100.0           %                         74.1         %
operating expenses increased $1,420.0 million in 2023 compared to 2022 and include a $1,248.9 million non-cash impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets related to prior acquisitions of management contracts of u.s. retail mutual funds. excluding the intangible asset impairment, operating expenses increased $171.1 million.
third-party distribution, service and advisory third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses include periodic "renewal" commissions which are paid to brokers and independent financial advisors for servicing of their client accounts while they are invested in an invesco product. renewal commissions are calculated based upon a percentage of the aum value and apply to much of the company's non-u.s. retail operations. the revenues from the company's u.s. retail operations include 12b-1 distribution fees, which are largely passed through to brokers who sell the funds as third-party distribution expenses along with additional marketing support distribution costs. both the revenues and the costs are dependent on the underlying aum of the brokers' clients. the upfront distribution commissions are amortized over the redemption period. also included in third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses are sub-transfer agency fees that are paid to third parties for processing client common share purchases and redemptions, call center support and client reporting. these costs are reimbursed by the related funds.
third-party distribution service and advisory expenses were $1,825.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $1,886.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily due to decreases of $52.5 million in service fees, $36.1 million in renewal commissions, and $10.7 million in transaction fees, partially offset by $40.9 million of higher administrative and other third-party management fees. the decrease is primarily due to a net decrease in pass-through service and distribution fees due to lower average aum to which these fees apply. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional disclosures.
table of contents employee compensation employee compensation includes salary, cash bonuses and long-term incentive plans designed to attract and retain the highest caliber employees. employee staff benefit plan costs and payroll taxes are also included in employee compensation.
employee compensation was $1,885.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $1,725.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily driven by costs related to executive retirements and organizational changes of $101.6 million which was partially offset by a net decrease in salaries, variable compensation and benefits costs of $16.9 million. in addition, there was a $40.7 million increase in expense related to the mark-to-market on deferred compensation liabilities in the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to a $45.8 million decrease in the year ended december 31, 2022.
headcount at december 31, 2023 was 8,489 (december 31, 2022; 8,611).
marketing marketing expenses include the cost of direct advertising of our products through trade publications, television and other media, and public relations costs, such as the marketing of the company's products through conferences or other sponsorships, and the cost of marketing-related employee travel.
marketing expenses were $103.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $114.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily driven by lower advertising spend.
property, office and technology property, office and technology expenses include rent and utilities for our various leased facilities, depreciation of company-owned property, minor non-capitalized computer equipment and software purchases and related maintenance payments, and costs related to externally provided operations, technology, middle office and back office management services.
property, office and technology expenses were $546.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $539.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses include professional services costs, such as information service subscriptions, irrecoverable indirect taxes, non-marketing related employee travel expenditures, consulting fees, audit, tax and legal fees, professional insurance costs and recruitment and training costs.
general and administrative expenses were $450.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $380.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was due to $70 million of insurance recoveries received during the year ended december 31, 2022 as compared to $20.0 million of insurance recoveries received in the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase also includes consulting and professional fees primarily related to the state street alpha platform of $26.4 million.
transaction, integration and restructuring transaction, integration and restructuring expenses include costs related to the acquisition and integration of a business and costs incurred by the company to restructure business operations to improve overall efficiency and longer-term profit, including legal, regulatory, advisory, valuation, professional services and consulting fees as well as costs for travel, severance, temporary staff and contract terminations.
transaction, integration and restructuring charges were $41.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 (year ended december 31, 2022: $21.2 million). with the completion of strategic initiatives during the first quarter of 2023, any costs related to on-going projects are classified in the income statement based on the nature of the expense.
transaction and integration expense (excluding restructuring) was a benefit to expense of $2.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 (year ended december 31, 2022: $43.6 million benefit). the benefit in 2022 was primarily due to $55.0 million of recoveries related to the previously disclosed oppenheimerfunds acquisition-related matter.
table of contents restructuring costs were $44.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 (year ended december 31, 2022: $64.8 million). these costs are primarily related to compensation-related restructuring costs in connection with our strategic evaluation during 2023. (see note 13, "restructuring," for additional details).
amortization and impairment of intangible assets amortization and impairment of intangible assets was $1,298.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $63.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily due to a $1,248.9 million non-cash impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets related to prior acquisitions of management contracts of u.s. retail mutual funds.
operating income, adjusted operating income, operating margin and adjusted operating margin operating loss was $434.8 million in the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to operating income of $1,317.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. operating margin (operating income divided by operating revenues) decreased to (7.6%) for the year ended december 31, 2023 from 21.8% in the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily as a result of the $1,248.9 million intangible asset impairment in 2023.
adjusted operating income decreased to $1,213.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 from $1,614.8 million in the year ended december 31, 2022. adjusted operating margin decreased to 28.2% for the year ended december 31, 2023 from 34.8% for the year ended december 31, 2022. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for a reconciliation of operating revenues to net revenues, a reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income and additional important disclosures regarding net revenues, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin.
other income and expenses the main categories of other income and expenses, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods are as follows:
variance years ended december 31,                                              2023 vs 2022                                             2022 vs 2021
(in millions)                                                  2023                        2022                        2021                     $ change                     % change                    $ change                     % change equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates           $71.3                      $106.1                      $152.3                     $(34.8)                       (32.8)    %                $(46.2)                       (30.3)    %
interest and dividend income                               47.8                        24.4                        25.2                        23.4                         95.9    %                  (0.8)                        (3.2)    %
interest expense                                         (70.5)                      (85.2)                      (94.7)                        14.7                       (17.3)    %                    9.5                       (10.0)    %
other gains and losses, net                                98.0                     (139.5)                       120.5                       237.5                               n/a                (260.0)                               n/a other income/(expense) of cip, net                         50.3                        24.2                       509.0                        26.1                        107.9    %                (484.8)                       (95.2)    %
total other income and expenses                          $196.9                     $(70.0)                      $712.3                      $266.9                               n/a               $(782.3)                               n/a equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased to $71.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $106.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the decrease was primarily driven by decreases of $33.8 million in our income from our real estate investments and $20.3 million from our joint venture investment in igw due to lower revenue as discussed above, which were partially offset by an increase of $20.1 million in the earnings from private equity and other investments.
interest and dividend income interest and dividend income was $47.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $24.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher interest income earned from cash and cash equivalents.
interest expense interest expense was $70.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to $85.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 as a result of a decrease in outstanding debt.
table of contents other gains and losses, net other gains and losses was a net gain of $98.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to a net loss of $139.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the net gain in 2023 included a $45 million gain on the sale of certain hong kong pension sponsorship rights, and $49.6 million on investments and instruments held for our deferred compensation plans.
other income/(expense) of cip other income/(expense) of cip includes interest and dividend income, interest expense, and realized and unrealized gains and losses on the underlying investments and debt owned by cip. for the year ended december 31, 2023, net interest income of cip was $226.6 million as compared to $151.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in interest income was primarily a result of newly consolidated investment products in 2023 as well as higher net interest income earned by the clos. for the year ended december 31, 2023, other gains and losses of cip were a net loss of $176.3 million as compared to a net loss of $126.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the net losses in 2023 and 2022 were attributable to market-driven losses on investments held by consolidated funds.
net impact of cip and related noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities the consolidation of investment products did not have an impact on net income attributable to invesco for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. the adjustment to net income for the net income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities represent the cip profit or loss attributable to third-party investors. the impact of any realized or unrealized gains or losses attributable to the interests of third-parties, which is reflected in other income/(expense) of cip, is offset by this adjustment to arrive at net income attributable to invesco. also, the net income or loss of cip is taxed at the investor level, not at the product level; therefore, a tax provision is not reflected in the net impact of cip.
income tax expense the tax provision was a benefit of $(69.7) million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to an expense of $322.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, resulting in effective tax rates of 29.3% and 25.8% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022 was favorably impacted by a change in the mix of income across tax jurisdictions which was partially offset by the tax impact of the loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities. for additional income tax information, please refer to note 15, "taxation," in part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data.
table of contents schedule of non-gaap information we utilize the following non-gaap performance measures: net revenue (and by calculation, net revenue yield on aum), adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income attributable to invesco and adjusted diluted eps. the company believes the adjusted measures provide valuable insight into the company's ongoing operational performance and assist in comparisons to its competitors. these measures also assist the company's management with the establishment of operational budgets and forecasts. the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures are operating revenues (and by calculation, gross revenue yield on aum), operating income, operating margin, net income/(loss) attributable to invesco and diluted eps. each of these measures is discussed more fully below.
the following are reconciliations of operating revenues, operating income/(loss) (and by calculation, operating margin) and net income/(loss) attributable to invesco (and by calculation, diluted eps) on a u.s. gaap basis to a non-gaap basis of net revenues, adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin) and adjusted net income attributable to invesco (and by calculation, adjusted diluted eps). these non-gaap measures should not be considered as substitutes for any u.s. gaap measures and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. additional reconciling items may be added in the future to these non-gaap measures if deemed appropriate. the tax effects related to the reconciling items have been calculated based on the tax rate attributable to the jurisdiction to which the transaction relates. notes to the reconciliations follow the tables.
reconciliation of operating revenues to net revenues:
(in millions)                                        2023                         2022                         2021
operating revenues, u.s. gaap basis          $5,716.4                      $6,048.9                     $6,894.5
revenue adjustments: (1)
investment management fees                    (766.4)                       (764.7)                      (844.1)
service and distribution fees                 (911.7)                       (961.1)                    (1,087.5)
other                                         (147.1)                       (160.4)                      (217.7)
total revenue adjustments                   (1,825.2)                     (1,886.2)                    (2,149.3)
invesco great wall (2)                          368.3                         432.7                        473.5
cip (3)                                          51.2                          49.6                         42.4
net revenues                                 $4,310.7                      $4,645.0                     $5,261.1
reconciliation of operating income/(loss) to adjusted operating income:
(in millions)                                                                                              2023                    2022                    2021
operating income/(loss), u.s. gaap basis                                                               $(434.8)                $1,317.7                $1,788.2
invesco great wall (2)                                                                                    201.9                   262.7                   276.6
cip (3)                                                                                                    84.8                    65.7                    67.7
transaction, integration and restructuring (4)                                                             41.6                    21.2                  (65.9)
amortization and impairment of intangible assets (5)                                                    1,298.8                    63.8                    62.9
compensation expense related to market valuation changes in deferred compensation plans (6)                41.2                  (46.3)                    53.1
general and administrative (7)                                                                           (20.0)                  (70.0)                       -
adjusted operating income                                                                              $1,213.5                $1,614.8                $2,182.6
operating margin (8)                                                                                 (7.6)    %               21.8    %               25.9    %
adjusted operating margin (9)                                                                         28.2    %               34.8    %               41.5    %
table of contents reconciliation of net income/(loss) attributable to invesco to adjusted net income attributable to invesco:
(in millions, except per common share data)                                                                             2023                         2022                           2021
net income/(loss) attributable to invesco ltd., u.s. gaap basis                                                $(333.7)                       $683.9                       $1,393.0
adjustments (excluding tax):
transaction, integration and restructuring (4)                                                                     41.6                         21.2                         (65.9)
amortization and impairment of intangible assets (5)                                                            1,298.8                         63.8                           62.9
deferred compensation plan market valuation changes and dividendincome less compensation expense (6)             (18.6)                         73.6                            0.3
general and administrative (7)                                                                                   (20.0)                            (70.0)                         (10.1)
total adjustments excluding tax                                                                                $1,301.8                        $88.6                        $(12.8)
tax adjustment for amortization of intangible assets and goodwill (10)                                                  16.7                         14.2                           20.8
tax adjustment for impairment of intangible assets                                                              (296.1)                            -                              -
other tax effects of adjustments above                                                                              1.0                       (13.5)                           38.6
adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. (11)                                                                 $689.7                       $773.2                       $1,439.6
average common shares outstanding - diluted                                                                       456.2                        459.5                          465.4
diluted eps                                                                                                     $(0.73)                        $1.49                          $2.99
adjusted diluted eps (12)                                                                                         $1.51                        $1.68                          $3.09
____________
(1) revenue adjustments: the company calculates net revenues by reducing operating revenues to exclude fees that are passed through to external parties who perform functions on behalf of, and distribute, the company's managed funds. the net revenue presentation assists in identifying the revenue contribution generated by the company, removing distortions caused by the differing distribution channel fees and allowing for a fair comparison with u.s. peer investment managers and within invesco's own investment units. additionally, management evaluates net revenue yield on aum, which is equal to net revenues divided by average aum during the reporting period, as an indicator of the basis point net revenues we receive for each dollar of aum we manage.
investment management fees are adjusted by renewal commissions and certain administrative fees. service and distributions fees are primarily adjusted by distribution fees passed through to broker dealers for certain share classes and pass through fund-related costs. other revenues are primarily adjusted by transaction fees passed through to third parties.
(2) invesco great wall: the company reflects 100% of igw in its net revenues and adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin). the company's non-gaap operating results reflect the economics of these holdings on a basis consistent with the underlying aum and flows. adjusted net income is reduced by the amount of earning attributable to the 51% noncontrolling interests.
(3) cip: see part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "consolidated investment products," for a detailed analysis of the impact to the company's condensed consolidated financial statements from the consolidation of cip. the company believes that the cip may impact a reader's analysis of our underlying results of operations and could result in investor confusion or the production of information about the company by analysts or external credit rating agencies that is not reflective of the underlying results of operations and financial condition of the company. accordingly, the company believes that it is appropriate to adjust operating revenues and operating income for the impact of cip in calculating the respective net revenues and adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin).
(4) transaction, integration and restructuring: the company believes it is useful to adjust for the transaction, integration and restructuring charges in arriving at adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted eps, as this will aid comparability of our results period to period, and aid comparability with peer companies that may not have similar acquisition and restructuring related charges.
(5) amortization and impairment of intangible assets: the company removes amortization and non-cash impairment expense related to acquired assets in arriving at adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted eps, as this will aid comparability of our results period to period, and aid comparability with peer companies that may not have similar acquisition-related charges.
(6) market movement on deferred compensation plan liabilities: certain deferred compensation plan awards involve a return to the employee linked to the appreciation (depreciation) of specified investments. the company hedges economically the exposure to market movements for these investments. since these plans are hedged economically, the company believes it is useful to reflect the offset ultimately achieved from hedging the market exposure in the calculation of adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin) and adjusted net income (and by calculation, adjusted diluted eps) to produce results that will be more comparable period to period.
(7) general and administrative: the adjustments remove insurance recoveries related to fund-related losses incurred in prior periods.
(8) operating margin is equal to operating income divided by operating revenues.
(9) adjusted operating margin is equal to adjusted operating income divided by net revenues.
(10) tax adjustment for amortization of intangible assets and goodwill: the company reflects the tax benefit realized on the tax amortization of goodwill and intangible assets in adjusted net income. the company believes it is useful to include this tax benefit in arriving at the adjusted diluted eps measure.
(11) the effective tax rate on adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. for the year ended december 31, 2023 is 20.6% (for year ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, was 26.0% and 23.3%, respectively).
(12) adjusted diluted eps is equal to adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. divided by the weighted average number of common and restricted common shares outstanding.
table of contents balance sheet discussion (1)
the following table represents a reconciliation of the balance sheet information presented on a u.s. gaap basis to the balance sheet information excluding the impact of cip and policyholder balances for the reasons outlined in footnote 1 to the table:
as of december 31, 2023                                                                                                                      as of december 31, 2022
balance sheet information                               u.s. gaap                      impact of cip               impact of policyholders                         as adjusted                       u.s. gaap                      impact of cip               impact of policyholders                         as adjusted
(in millions)
assets cash and cash equivalents                          $1,469.2                                $-                      $-                                           $1,469.2                        $1,234.7                                $-                      $-                                           $1,234.7
investments                                           919.1                             527.4                      -                                             1,446.5                           996.6                             376.8                      -                                             1,373.4
assets of cip:
investments and other assets of cip                 9,016.0                         (9,016.0)                      -                                                   -                         8,735.1                         (8,735.1)                      -                                                   -
cash and cash equivalents of cip                      462.4                           (462.4)                      -                                                   -                           199.4                           (199.4)                      -                                                   -
assets held for policyholders                         393.9                                 -                      (393.9)                                             -                           668.7                                 -                      (668.7)                                             -
goodwill and intangible assets, net                14,539.6                                 -                      -                                            14,539.6                        15,698.9                                 -                      -                                            15,689.9
other assets (2)                                    2,133.6                              18.8                      -                                             2,152.4                         2,223.4                               9.8                      -                                             2,233.2
total assets                                      $28,933.8                        $(8,932.2)                      $(393.9)                                    $19,607.7                       $29,756.8                        $(8,547.9)                      $(668.7)                                    $20,540.2
liabilities liabilities of cip:
debt of cip                                        $7,121.8                        $(7,121.8)                      $-                                                 $-                        $6,590.4                        $(6,590.4)                      $-                                                 $-
other liabilities of cip                              492.1                           (492.1)                      -                                                   -                           329.6                           (329.6)                      -                                                   -
policyholder payables                                 393.9                                 -                      (393.9)                                             -                           668.7                                 -                      (668.7)                                             -
debt                                                1,489.5                                 -                      -                                             1,489.5                         1,487.6                                 -                      -                                             1,487.6
other liabilities (3)                               3,520.5                                 -                      -                                             3,520.5                         3,838.3                                 -                      -                                             3,838.3
total liabilities                                 $13,017.8                        $(7,613.9)                      $(393.9)                                     $5,010.0                       $12,914.6                        $(6,920.0)                      $(668.7)                                     $5,325.9
equity total equity attributable to invesco ltd.         $14,597.6                              $0.1                      $-                                          $14,597.7                       $15,213.6                              $0.1                      $-                                          $15,213.7
noncontrolling interests (4)                        1,318.4                         (1,318.4)                      -                                                   -                         1,628.6                         (1,628.0)                      -                             0.6
total equity                                       15,916.0                         (1,318.3)                      -                                            14,597.7                        16,842.2                         (1,627.9)                      -                                            15,214.3
total liabilities and equity                      $28,933.8                        $(8,932.2)                      $(393.9)                                    $19,607.7                       $29,756.8                        $(8,547.9)                      $(668.7)                                    $20,540.2
____________
(1)    this table includes non-gaap presentations. assets of cip are not available for use by invesco. additionally, there is no recourse to invesco for cip debt. policyholder assets and liabilities are equal and offsetting and have no impact on invesco's shareholder's equity.
(2)    amounts include accounts receivable, property, equipment and software, and other assets.
(3)    amounts include accrued compensation and benefits, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and deferred tax liabilities.
(4)    amounts include redeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities and equity attributable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities.
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents increased $234.5 million from $1,234.7 million at december 31, 2022 to $1,469.2 million at december 31, 2023. see "cash flows discussion" in the following section within this management's discussion and analysis for additional discussion regarding the movements in cash flows during the periods. see part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 1, "accounting policies - cash and cash equivalents," regarding capital adequacy requirements in certain jurisdictions.
table of contents investments investments are comprised primarily of the equity method investment in igw, seed capital and co-investments in affiliated funds, and investments related to the company's deferred compensation plans.
as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, the company had $956.0 million and $909.2 million in seed capital and co-investments, respectively, including direct investments in cip. total seed capital and co-investments is presented as a helpful measure for investors and represents our net investment including our net investment in cip. the following table reconciles the investment balance to the total seed capital and co-investment balance.
as of
(in millions)                                                                                             december 31, 2023                   december 31, 2022
investments                                                                                                  $919.1                              $996.6
net investment in cip                                                                                         527.4           376.8
less: investments related to deferred compensation plans, joint ventures, and other investments             (490.5)                             (464.2)
total seed capital and co-investments (1)                                                                    $956.0                              $909.2
____________
(1)    included in the total seed and co-investment balance as of december 31, 2023 is $314.1 million of seed capital and $641.9 million of co-investments (december 31, 2022: $305.4 million of seed capital and $603.8 million of co-investments).
assets held for policyholders and policyholder payables one of our subsidiaries, invesco pensions limited, is an insurance company that was established to facilitate retirement savings plans in the u.k. the entity held assets that were managed for its clients on its balance sheet with an equal and offsetting liability. the decrease in the balance of these accounts from $668.7 million at december 31, 2022 to $393.9 million at december 31, 2023, resulted from net business outflows of $340.5 million and positive foreign exchange rate movements of $20.5 million, and favorable market movements of $45.2 million. in january 2024, all funds were distributed to customers.
goodwill and intangible assets, net goodwill and intangible assets, net decreased to $14,539.6 million at december 31, 2023 from $15,698.9 million at december 31, 2022. the decrease was due to amortization expense of $49.9 million and a $1,248.9 million non-cash impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets related to prior acquisitions of management contracts of u.s. retail mutual funds, partially offset by foreign exchange impacts of $139.5 million. see "critical accounting policies and estimates" for additional information.
liquidity and capital resources our capital structure, together with available cash balances, cash flows generated from operations, existing capacity under our credit agreement and further capital market activities, if necessary, should provide us with sufficient resources to meet present and future cash needs, including operating expenses, debt and other obligations as they come due and anticipated future capital requirements.
sources of liquidity by type as of
(in millions)                                 december 31, 2023                december 31, 2022
cash and cash equivalents                      $1,469.2                         $1,234.7
available revolver                              2,000.0                          1,500.0
total sources of liquidity by type             $3,469.2                         $2,734.7
on april 26, 2023, invesco ltd. and its indirect subsidiary, invesco finance plc, amended and restated the $1.5 billion floating rate credit agreement, increasing facility capacity to $2.0 billion and extending the expiration date from april 26, 2026 to april 26, 2028. as of december 31, 2023, the balance on the $2.0 billion floating rate facility was zero.
table of contents in the ordinary course of business, invesco enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of invesco. purchase obligations represent fixed-price contracts, which are either non-cancelable or cancellable with a penalty. as of december 31, 2023, the company's purchase obligations totaled $663.5 million (december 31, 2022: $770.7 million) and primarily reflect standard service contracts for portfolio, market data, office-related services and third-party marketing and promotional services. purchase obligations are recorded as liabilities in the company's consolidated financial statements when services are provided.
capital management our capital management priorities have evolved with the growth and success of our business and include, in no particular order of priority: reinvestment in the business, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning capital to shareholders longer term through a combination of modestly increasing dividends and share repurchases.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company repurchased 9.6 million common shares for $150.0 million in the open market. as of december 31, 2023, approximately $382.2 million remained authorized under the company's common share repurchase authorization approved by the board on july 22, 2016.
our capital process is executed in a manner consistent with our desire to maintain strong, investment grade credit ratings. as of the date of our filing, invesco held credit ratings of a3/stable, bbb+/stable and a/stable from moody's, s&p, and fitch, respectively.
other items certain of our subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital, liquidity, and working capital. such requirements may change from time-to-time as additional guidance is released based on a variety of factors, including balance sheet composition, assessment of risk exposures and governance, and review from regulators. these and other similar provisions of applicable laws and regulations may have the effect of limiting withdrawals of capital, repayment of intercompany loans and payment of dividends by such entities. our financial condition or liquidity could be adversely affected if certain of our subsidiaries are unable to distribute funds to us.
we are in compliance with all regulatory minimum net capital requirements. as of december 31, 2023, the company's minimum regulatory capital requirement was $395.8 million (december 31, 2022: $639.8 million). the decrease was driven by a reduction in regulatory capital requirements as part of a transition into a new regulatory regime in the uk (investment firm prudential regime). however, there has been no change to the related regulatory liquidity and working capital requirements, and as such, there has not been a material reduction in the level of cash and cash equivalents required outside of the us.
we meet the regulatory liquidity and working capital requirements by holding cash and cash equivalents in the european sub-group. this retained cash can be used for general business purposes in the european sub-group in the countries where it is located. due to the liquidity and working capital requirements, the ability to transfer cash between certain jurisdictions may be limited. in addition, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences.
the consolidation of $9,478.4 million and $7,121.8 million of total assets and debt of cip as of december 31, 2023, respectively, did not impact the company's liquidity and capital resources. see part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 19, "consolidated investment products," for additional details.
table of contents cash flows discussion the ability to consistently generate cash flow from operations in excess of dividend payments, common share repurchases, capital expenditures and ongoing operating expenses is one of our company's fundamental financial strengths. operations continue to be financed from current earnings and borrowings.
the following table represents a reconciliation of the cash flow information presented on a u.s. gaap basis to the cash flow information, excluding the impact of the cash flows of cip for the reasons outlined in footnote 1 to the table:
cash flows information (1)                                                                                                             year ended december 31, 2023                                                                      year ended december 31, 2022                                                                     year ended december 31, 2021
(in millions)                                                                            u.s. gaap               impact of cip                          as adjusted                       u.s. gaap                    impact of cip                    excluding cip                       u.s. gaap                    impact of cip                     as adjusted cash and cash equivalents beginning of the period                                   $1,434.1                     $(199.4)                            $1,234.7                        $2,147.1                        $(250.7)                         $1,896.4                         $1,839.3                        $(301.7)                         $1,537.6
cash flows from operating activities (1)                                             1,300.8                     (136.6)                              1,164.2                           703.2                           414.1                          1,117.3                          1,078.1                           436.1                          1,514.2
cash flows from investing activities                                                 (244.3)         72.8                                             (171.5)                         (375.6)                            81.5                          (294.1)                          (847.9)                           755.4                           (92.5)
cash flows from financing activities                                                 (585.4)                     (196.8)                              (782.2)                         (966.9)                         (449.4)                        (1,416.3)                            117.3                       (1,148.0)                        (1,030.7)
increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                       471.1                     (260.6)                                210.5                         (639.3)                            46.2                          (593.1)                            347.5                            43.5          391.0
foreign exchange movement on cash and cash equivalents                                  26.4                     (2.4)                                   24.0                          (73.7)                             5.1                           (68.6)                           (39.7)                             7.5                           (32.2)
cash and cash equivalents, end of the period                                        $1,931.6                     $(462.4)                            $1,469.2                        $1,434.1                        $(199.4)                         $1,234.7                         $2,147.1                        $(250.7)                         $1,896.4
cash and cash equivalents                                                           $1,469.2                     $-                                  $1,469.2                        $1,234.7                              $-                         $1,234.7                         $1,896.4                              $-                         $1,896.4
cash and cash equivalents of cip                                                       462.4                     (462.4)                                    -                           199.4                         (199.4)                                -                            250.7                         (250.7)                                -
total cash and cash equivalents per consolidated statement of cash flows            $1,931.6                     $(462.4)                            $1,469.2                        $1,434.1                        $(199.4)                         $1,234.7                         $2,147.1                        $(250.7)                         $1,896.4
____________
(1)    these tables include non-gaap presentations. cash held by cip is not available for use by invesco. additionally, there is no recourse to invesco for cip debt. the cash flows of cip do not form part of the company's cash flow management processes, nor do they form part of the company's significant liquidity evaluations and decisions.
operating activities operating cash flows include the receipt of investment management and other fees generated from aum, offset by operating expenses and changes in operating assets and liabilities. after allowing for the change in cash held by cip, investment activities, non-cash activity, including the $1,248.9 million intangible asset impairment in 2023, and seasonal payments, such as bonus payments in the first quarter, our operating cash flows generally move in the same direction as our operating income/(loss).
cash inflows for the year ended december 31, 2023, excluding the impact of cip, were primarily driven by operating income and changes in payables and receivables due to the timing of payments and receipts.
investing activities cash outflows for the year ended december 31, 2023, excluding the impact of cip, includes purchases of investments of $108.2 million (year ended december 31, 2022: $274.3 million) and property, equipment and software of $164.3 million (year ended december 31, 2022: $192.9 million), partially offset by collected proceeds from sales and returns of capital of investments of $54.8 million (year ended december 31, 2022: $173.1 million) and the sale of certain hong kong pension sponsorship rights of $46.2 million.
table of contents financing activities financing cash outflows during the year ended december 31, 2023 included $357.9 million of common dividend payments for dividends declared in january, april, july and october 2023 (year ended december 31, 2022: dividends paid of $334.8 million), $236.8 million of preferred dividend payments for dividends declared in january, april, july and october 2023 (year ended december 31, 2022: $236.8 million), $150.0 million for the repurchase of common shares through the open market (year ended december 31, 2022: $200.0 million), and the payment of $37.5 million to meet employees' withholding tax obligations on common share vestings (2022: $44.7 million). financing cash outflows during the year ended december 31, 2022 also included a $600.0 million redemption of senior notes. net borrowings under the floating rate credit agreement were zero during the years ended december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022.
dividends when declared, invesco pays dividends on a quarterly basis in arrears. holders of our preferred shares are eligible to receive dividends at an annual rate of 5.9% of the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share, or $59 per share per annum. the preferred dividend is payable quarterly on a non-cumulative basis when, if and as declared by our board of directors. however, if we have not declared and paid or set aside for payment full quarterly dividends on the preferred stock for a particular dividend period, we may not declare or pay dividends on, redeem, purchase or acquire our common stock or other junior securities in the next succeeding dividend period. in addition, if we have not declared and paid or set aside for payment quarterly dividends on the preferred stock for six quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors of the company will be increased by two and the holders of the preferred shares shall have the right to elect such two additional members of the board of directors.
on january 23, 2024, the company declared a fourth quarter 2023 cash dividend of $0.20 per common share to the holders of common shares. the dividend is payable on march 4, 2024, to common shareholders of record at the close of business on february 16, 2024, with an ex-dividend date of february 15, 2024.
on january 23, 2024, the company announced a preferred dividend of $14.75 per preferred share representing the period from december 1, 2023 through february 28, 2024. the preferred dividend is payable on march 1, 2024.
the declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our earnings, financial condition and capital requirements at the time such declaration and payment are considered. the company has a policy of managing dividends in a prudent fashion, with due consideration given to profit levels, overall debt levels and historical dividend payouts.
common share repurchase plan during 2023, the company repurchased 9.6 million shares for $150 million in the open market as compared to 8.9 million shares for $200 million during 2022. at december 31, 2023, approximately $382.2 million remained authorized under the company's common share repurchase authorization approved by the board on july 22, 2016 (december 31, 2022: $532.2 million).
debt the carrying value of our debt at december 31, 2023 was $1,489.5 million (december 31, 2022: $1,487.6 million), see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "debt," for additional disclosures.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, the company's weighted average cost of debt was 4.28% (year ended december 31, 2022: 4.15%).
financial covenants under the credit agreement include: (i) the quarterly maintenance of an adjusted debt/earnings before income tax, depreciation, amortization, interest expense, common share-based compensation expense, unrealized (gains)/losses from investments, net, and unusual or otherwise non-recurring gains and losses (covenant adjusted ebitda) leverage ratio, as defined in the credit agreement, of not greater than 3.25:1.00, (ii) an interest coverage ratio (covenant adjusted ebitda/interest expense for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ended before the date of determination) of not less than 4.00:1.00. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with our financial covenants. at december 31, 2023, our leverage ratio was 0.69:1.00 (december 31, 2022: 0.78:1.00), and our interest coverage ratio was 20.40:1.00 (december 31, 2022: 19.51:1.00).
table of contents the december 31, 2023 and 2022 coverage ratio calculations are as follows:
last four quarters ended
(in millions)                                                                                 december 31, 2023                      december 31, 2022
net income/(loss) attributable to invesco ltd.                                                 $(333.7)                                 $683.9
dividends on preferred shares                                                                     236.8                                  236.8
tax expense/(benefit)                                                                            (69.7)                                  322.2
amortization/depreciation/impairment                                                            1,431.7                                  195.3
interest expense                                                                                   70.5                                   85.2
common share-based compensation expense                                                           114.6                                  106.2
unrealized (gains)/losses from investments, net (1)                                              (11.9)                                   87.7
oppenheimerfunds acquisition-related matter recoveries (2)                                            -                                 (55.0)
covenant adjusted ebitda (3)                                                                   $1,438.3                               $1,662.3
adjusted debt (3)                                                                                $992.4                               $1,290.3
leverage ratio (adjusted debt/covenant adjusted ebitda - maximum 3.25:1.00)                        0.69                                   0.78
interest coverage (covenant adjusted ebitda/interest expense - minimum 4.00:1.00)                 20.40                                  19.51
____________
(1)    adjustments for unrealized gains and losses from investments, as defined in our credit agreement, may also include non-cash gains and losses on investments to the extent that they do not represent anticipated future cash receipts or expenditures.
(2) unusual or otherwise non-recurring gains and losses, as defined in our credit agreement, are adjusted for in the determination of covenant adjusted ebitda. the insurance recoveries related to the oppenheimerfunds acquisition-related matter are considered unusual and have been removed from the determination of covenant adjusted ebitda.
(3)    covenant adjusted ebitda and adjusted debt are non-gaap financial measures that are used by management in connection with certain debt covenant calculations under our credit agreement. the calculation of covenant adjusted ebitda above (a reconciliation from net income attributable to invesco ltd.) is defined by our credit agreement, and therefore net income attributable to invesco ltd. is the most appropriate gaap measure from which to reconcile to covenant adjusted ebitda. the calculation of 2023 adjusted debt is defined in our amended credit agreement and equals debt of $1,489.5 million plus $2.8 million in letters of credit less $500.0 million of excess unrestricted cash (cash and cash equivalents less the minimum regulatory capital requirement, not to exceed $500 million (2022: $200.0 million).
on january 30, 2024, invesco finance plc, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the parent, paid in full the outstanding balance of the $600.0 million senior notes which were due on january 30, 2024. further, $128.5 million was drawn on the floating rate facility on january 31, 2024.
the discussion that follows identifies risks associated with the company's liquidity and capital resources. the item 1. business -- risk management section contains a broader discussion of the company's overall approach to risk management.
credit and liquidity risk the company manages its capital by reviewing annual and projected cash flow forecasts and by monitoring credit, liquidity and market risks, such as interest rate and foreign currency risks (as discussed in item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk"), through measurement and analysis. the company is primarily exposed to credit risk through its cash and cash equivalent deposits, which are held by external firms. the company invests its cash balances in its own institutional money market products, as well as with external high credit-quality financial institutions. these arrangements create exposure to concentrations of credit risk.
table of contents credit risk credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by failing to meet an obligation. all cash and cash equivalent balances are subject to credit risk, as they represent deposits made by the company with external banks and other institutions. as of december 31, 2023, our maximum exposure to credit risk related to our cash and cash equivalent balances is $1,469.2 million, of which $927.8 million is invested in affiliated money market funds. no more than 10% of our cash and cash equivalent balances is held with any one third-party financial institution. see part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 2, "fair value of assets and liabilities" for information regarding cash and cash equivalents invested in affiliated money market funds.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that the company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with its financial liabilities as the same become due. the company is exposed to liquidity risk through its $1,489.5 million in total debt. the company actively manages liquidity risk by preparing cash flow forecasts for future periods, reviewing them regularly with senior management, maintaining a committed credit agreement, scheduling significant gaps between major debt maturities and engaging external financing sources in regular dialogue.
effects of inflation inflation can impact our organization primarily in two ways. first, inflationary pressures can result in increases in our cost structure, especially to the extent that large expense components such as compensation are impacted. to the degree that these expense increases are not recoverable or cannot be counterbalanced through pricing increases due to the competitive environment, our net income could be negatively impacted. secondly, the value of the assets that we manage may be negatively impacted when inflationary expectations result in a rising interest rate environment. a decline in the value of aum could lead to reduced revenues as management fees are generally calculated based upon the size of aum.
off balance sheet commitments see part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 18, "commitments and contingencies," for more information regarding undrawn capital commitments.
critical accounting policies and estimates our significant accounting policies are disclosed in part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 1, "accounting policies." critical accounting policies and estimates are those that require complex management judgment regarding matters that are highly uncertain at the time policies were applied and estimates were made. different estimates reasonably could have been used in the current period that would have had a material effect on these consolidated financial statements, and changes in these estimates are likely to occur from period-to-period in the future. the discussion below provides information on the significant judgments and assumptions applied in each area and should be read in conjunction with the significant accounting policies footnote previously referenced.
intangible assets management has the option to first assess indefinite-lived intangible assets for qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable (i.e., the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the intangible asset). in addition, management's judgment is required to estimate the period over which definite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company's cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a definite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company's amortization expense.
intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested for impairment annually as of october 1 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. if a quantitative assessment is required, the impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of an intangible asset to its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. management used an income approach to value indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquired management contracts of u.s. retail mutual funds. an income approach includes assumptions for current market conditions, including the asset's updated forecasts of aum to take into consideration market gains or losses, net long-term flows and the corresponding changes in revenue and expenses.
table of contents the most sensitive assumptions used in the income approach are the revenue forecast, the long-term growth rate and the discount rate applied to the cash flow forecast to determine present value. the revenue projections used are within a range of (5)% to 1% over the forecast period. taking into consideration the aum mix of the u.s. retail mutual funds, the long-term growth rate was determined using the historical returns of the s&p 500 index, treasury bonds and treasury bills. the long-term growth rate used by management in the annual impairment test was 2.5% which decreased from the long-term growth rate used in prior periods of 4.5% due to sustained outflows of aum related to u.s. retail mutual funds. the discount rate is an estimate of the weighted average cost of capital for the investment management sector reflecting the overall industry risks associated with future cash flows and considers an applicable size premium for the intangible asset. the discount rate used by management was 13.05% which increased 365 bps from the prior year due to increases in the risk-free discount rate and systematic risk inputs as well as the use of an asset-specific risk premium. we assessed the reasonableness of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset by considering applicable market data.
based on our annual impairment analysis as of october 1, 2023, we determined that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquired management contracts of u.s. retail mutual funds of $5,818.6 million exceeded the estimated fair value. as such, a $1,248.9 million impairment was recorded in amortization and impairment of intangibles expense in the consolidated statements of income which reduced the carrying value to $4,569.7 million. the impairment was driven by a decrease in the long-term growth rate, an increase in the discount rate and lower projected earnings as a result of lower aum for these management contracts. while the company believes all assumptions utilized in our assessment are reasonable and appropriate, changes in these estimates could produce different fair value amounts which could drive impairment in future periods. for example, assuming all other assumptions remain static, a decrease to the revenue forecast of 2% would result in an incremental impairment of $79 million. a decrease to the long-term growth rate of 25 bps would result in an incremental impairment of $75 million. also, an increase to the discount rate of 15 bps would result in an incremental impairment of $58 million. the impairment does not impact the company's liquidity or capital resources.
our annual impairment reviews of our other indefinite-lived intangible assets determined that there was not an impairment of these intangibles. the classifications of indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets remain appropriate, and no changes to the expected lives of definite-lived intangible assets were required.
goodwill management has the option to first assess goodwill for qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. due to the sustained decline in our stock price into the fourth quarter, management opted to perform a quantitative annual impairment test as of october 1, 2023. management used an income approach to value the reporting unit. an income approach includes assumptions for current market conditions, including the company's updated forecasts for changes in aum due to market gains or losses, net long-term flows and the corresponding changes in revenue and expenses. the most sensitive assumptions used in the income approach are the long-term growth rate and the discount rate applied to the cash flow forecast to determine present value. taking into consideration the company's aum mix, the long-term growth rate was determined using the historical returns of the s&p 500 index, treasury bonds and treasury bills. the long-term growth rate used by management in the annual impairment test was 4.5% which is consistent with prior periods. the discount rate used is an estimate of the weighted average cost of capital for the investment management sector reflecting the overall industry risks associated with future cash flows. the discount rate used by management was 11.2% which increased 180 bps from the prior year due to increases in the risk-free rate and systematic risk inputs as well as the use of a company-specific risk premium. we assessed the reasonableness of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit by giving consideration to our market capitalization and implied control premium over a reasonable period of time and to applicable market data.
based on our annual impairment analysis of goodwill as of october 1, 2023, we determined that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 5% due to lower profitability in 2023 and an increase in the discount rate from the prior year. while the company believes all assumptions utilized in our assessment are reasonable and appropriate, changes in these estimates could produce different fair value amounts which could drive impairment in future periods. for example, assuming all other assumptions remain static, a decrease to the long-term growth rate of 20 bps or an increase to the discount rate of 15 bps would cause the carrying value of the reporting unit to approximate its fair value. in addition, if in future periods, the price of our stock declines significantly for an extended period of time, there could be an impairment of goodwill.
the company cannot predict the occurrence of future events that might adversely affect the reported value of goodwill of $8,691.5 million at december 31, 2023. such events include, but are not limited to, strategic decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on the company's aum or any other material negative change in aum and related fee rates, or a significant and sustained decline in the company's stock price. an impairment in the future would not impact the company's liquidity or capital resources.
table of contents income taxes the company files u.s. federal, state and numerous foreign income tax returns. the income tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in the determination of our annual income tax provision, which includes the assessment of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions, as well as the interpretation and application of existing and newly enacted tax laws, regulation changes and new judicial rulings. therefore, it is possible that actual results will vary from those recognized in our consolidated financial statements due to changes in the interpretation of applicable guidance or as a result of examinations by taxing authorities.
deferred tax assets, net of any associated valuation allowance, have been recognized based on management's belief that taxable income of the appropriate character, more likely than not, will be sufficient to realize the benefits of these assets over time. in the event that actual results differ from our expectations, or if our historical trends of positive operating income changes, we may be required to record a valuation allowance on some or all of these deferred tax assets, which may have a significant effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in assessing whether a valuation allowance should be established against a deferred income tax asset, the company considers all available evidence, which includes the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability and the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, among other factors.
in the assessment of uncertain tax positions, significant judgment is required to estimate the range of possible outcomes and determine the probability, on a more likely than not basis, of favorable or unfavorable outcomes upon ultimate settlement of an issue. changes in the estimate of uncertain tax positions occur periodically due to changes in interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations by tax authorities and new regulatory or judicial guidance that could impact the relative merits and risk of tax positions. these changes, when they occur, impact tax expense and can materially impact results of operations. the company recognizes any interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits (utbs) on the consolidated statements of income as components of income tax expense.
cip assessing if an entity is a variable interest entity (vie) or voting interest entity (voe) involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. factors assessed as part of the analysis include the legal organization of the entity, the company's contractual involvement with the entity and any related party or de facto agent implications of the company's involvement with the entity. if the company is deemed to have the power to direct the activities of the fund that most significantly impact the fund's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses/right to receive benefits from the fund that could potentially be significant to the fund, then the company is deemed to be the fund's primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate the fund. assessing if the company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the fund's economic results may involve significant judgment.
recent accounting standards see part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 1, "accounting policies - accounting pronouncements recently adopted and pending accounting pronouncements."

