item 1a.  risk factors summary of risk factors the following is a summary of some of the material risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse effect on our business.
•credit risk
◦we have concentrated credit exposure in commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, and commercial leases.
◦should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
◦we are subject to the risk of defaults by our loan clients and counterparties.
◦various factors may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase or to be inadequate.
◦declining asset prices could adversely affect us.
◦geopolitical destabilization could adversely impact our loan portfolios.
•compliance risk
◦we are subject to extensive government regulation, supervision, and tax legislation.
◦we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, which could limit our ability to pursue business initiatives, increase the cost of doing business and subject us to compliance risks and potential liability.
◦changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
•operational risk
◦we are subject to a variety of operational risks.
◦we and third parties on which we rely (including their downstream service providers) may experience a cyberattack, technology failure, information system or security breach or interruption.
◦we rely on third parties to perform significant operational services for us.
◦we are, and may in the future be, subject to claims, litigation, investigations, and governmental proceedings, which could result in significant financial liability and/or reputational harm.
◦our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, and our methods of reducing risk exposure may not be effective.
◦our operations and financial performance could be adversely affected by severe weather and natural disasters exacerbated by climate change.
◦societal and governmental responses to climate change could adversely affect key's business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on key's customers.
◦the increased use of remote work infrastructure has expanded potential attack vectors and resulted in increased operational risks.
•liquidity risk
◦capital and liquidity requirements imposed by banking regulations require banks and bhcs to maintain more and higher quality capital and more and higher quality liquid assets.
◦federal agencies' actions to ensure stability of the u.s. financial system may have disruptive effects on us.
◦we rely on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
◦we are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels.
◦our credit ratings affect our liquidity position.
•market risk
◦a worsening of the u.s. economy and volatile or recessionary conditions in the u.s. or abroad could negatively affect our business or our access to capital markets.
◦we are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect net interest income.
◦our profitability depends upon economic conditions in the geographic regions where we have significant operations and in certain market segments in which we conduct significant business.
◦the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
◦depressed market values for our common stock and adverse economic conditions sustained over a period of time may require us to write down all or some portion of our goodwill.

•reputation risk
◦damage to our reputation could significantly impact our business and major stakeholders.
◦key is subject to environmental, social, and governance (esg) risks that could adversely affect our reputation, the trading price of our common stock and/or our business and results of operations.
•strategic risk
◦we may not realize the expected benefits of our strategic initiatives.
◦we operate in a highly competitive industry.
◦maintaining or increasing our market share depends upon our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, while maintaining competitive products and services.
◦we may not be able to attract and retain skilled people.
◦acquisitions or strategic partnerships may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value.
•model risk
◦we rely on quantitative models to manage certain accounting, risk management, capital planning, and treasury functions.
as a financial services organization, we are subject to a number of risks inherent in our transactions and present in the business decisions we make. described below are the material risks and uncertainties that if realized could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and our access to liquidity. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. disclosures of risks should not be interpreted to imply that the risks have not already materialized.
our erm program incorporates risk management throughout our organization to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities. our erm program identifies key's major risk categories as: credit risk, compliance risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, market risk, reputation risk, strategic risk, and model risk. these risk factors, and other risks we may face, are discussed in more detail in other sections of this report.
i.  credit risk we have concentrated credit exposure in commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, and commercial leases.
as of december 31, 2023, approximately 69% of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, including commercial mortgage and construction loans, and commercial leases. these types of loans are typically larger than single family residential real estate loans and other types of consumer loans and have a different risk profile. the deterioration of a larger loan or a group of loans in this category could cause an increase in criticized and nonperforming loans, which could result in lower earnings from these loans, additional provision for loan and lease losses, and ultimately an increase in loan losses.
should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
recent federal reserve monetary policy, including shrinkage of its balance sheet and incremental increases in target interest rates early in 2023 followed by a sustained period of relatively high target interest rates throughout the latter part of 2023, continue to impact the commercial and residential real estate markets. capitalization rates are rising, and property value appreciation has slowed or is now declining. in many markets within key's footprint, property values have begun to decrease. industrial and retail properties continue to remain stable, but multifamily, office, hospitality, and single family detached properties are beginning to show signs of deterioration. development and construction continue, but at muted levels, and deliveries of additional units into the market have been supported. oversupply of multifamily housing is a concern in certain urban and gateway markets. however, our exposures in those markets are limited (for example, approximately 5% of our multifamily portfolio is located in new york city, chicago, los angeles, and san francisco; we also have no exposure to rent controlled properties in new york city). the most severely impacted commercial real estate segments have been in office. key's non-owner occupied office exposures are 5% of our total commercial real estate exposure. substantial deterioration in property market fundamentals could negatively impact our portfolio, with a large portion of our clients active in real estate but in the comparatively better performing multifamily space over the cycle. a correction in the real estate markets could impact the ability of borrowers to make debt service payments on loans or to refinance the loans at maturity. a table of contents relatively small portion of our commercial real estate loans are construction loans. new construction and value-add or rehabilitation construction projects may not be fully leased at loan origination. these properties typically require additional leasing through the life of the loan to provide cash flow to support debt service payments. if property market fundamentals deteriorate sharply, performance under existing leases could deteriorate and the execution of new leases could slow, compromising the borrower's ability to cover debt service payments.
we are subject to the risk of defaults by our loan clients and counterparties.
many of our routine transactions expose us to credit risk, including the risk of default of our counterparties, which include other financial institutions, or clients. our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we rely on information furnished by or on behalf of counterparties and clients, including financial statements, credit reports and other information. we also rely on representations of those counterparties, clients, or other third parties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. the inaccuracy of that information or those representations affects our ability to accurately evaluate the default risk of a counterparty or client. in addition, given the dodd-frank legislative mandate to centrally clear eligible derivative contracts, we rely on central clearing counterparties to remain open and operationally viable at all times. a financial institution or other counterparty failure, such as the bank failures in early 2023, or a cybersecurity breach could result in the failure of or disruption to a counterparty or client, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
various factors may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase or to be inadequate.
we maintain an alll (a reserve established through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense) that represents our estimate of losses based on our evaluation of risks within our existing portfolio of loans. the level of the allowance at december 31, 2023 represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. the determination of the appropriate level of the alll inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks and current trends and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, all of which may undergo frequent and material changes. changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the softening of certain macroeconomic variables that we are more susceptible to, such as gdp, unemployment, sofr and other interest rates, the producer price index, and real estate values, along with updated information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may indicate the need for an increase in the alll. further, the multitude and totality of factors impacting our estimates and the subjectivity of components of its calculation may cause the alll to be an inadequate representation of the actual losses incurred over the life of our loan portfolio. both an increase in the alll and actual losses exceeding our current estimates will reduce our net income and could impact our capital positions and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
declining asset prices could adversely affect us.
during periods of economic stress, the volatility and disruption that the capital and credit markets experience may reach, and have in the past reached, extreme levels. market disruption may severely stress or even lead to the failure of financial institutions, which can cause further credit market constriction and further liquidation of assets, driving asset prices down even more. asset price deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of collateral and certain of the asset categories represented on our balance sheet and reduces our ability to sell assets at prices we deem acceptable.
the most recent recession, resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, did not have significant lasting impact on collateral value. however, there are still risks to economic stability that could reverse recent stable trends in asset prices.
these risks include:
•a correction in equity or housing markets;
•supply chain issues such as closed factories and disrupted port activity, as well as the impact of the russia-ukraine war and the israel-hamas war on global transportation and the availability of materials;
•labor-supply constraints, leading to slowing job growth and boosting wages along with inflation (wage-price spiral); and table of contents
•negative gdp growth, as a result of, in part, the federal reserve's monetary policy efforts to arrest inflationary pressures within the broader economy.
geopolitical destabilization could adversely impact our loan portfolios.
while we have minimal direct foreign company exposure in our loan portfolios, there are correlated and contingent risks posed by geopolitical destabilization within our loan portfolio. for example, conflicts across the world, including the russia-ukraine war and the israel-hamas war, have proven to have a material impact on certain domestic commodity prices, impacting our borrowers' input costs and disrupting supply chains both domestically and abroad. these factors increase potential defaults in our loan portfolio and could ultimately increase loan losses.
ii.  compliance risk we are subject to extensive government regulation, supervision, and tax legislation.
as a financial services institution, we are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision, and tax legislation. banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors' funds, the dif, consumers, taxpayers, and the banking system as a whole, not our debtholders or shareholders. these regulations increase our costs and affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase our common shares, and growth, among other things.
keybank and keycorp remain covered institutions under the dodd-frank act's heightened prudential standards and regulations, including its provisions designed to protect consumers from financial abuse. like similarly situated institutions, key undergoes routine scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and is subject to enforcement of regulations at the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to consumer banking-related practices, including fair and responsible banking, fair lending, unfair, deceptive or abusive practices, and the community reinvestment act, as well as compliance with aml, bsa and office of foreign assets control efforts.
changes to existing statutes and regulations, and taxes (including industry-specific taxes and surcharges), or their interpretation or implementation, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. interpretation of consumer banking-related regulations may evolve as the industry and the regulators seek to increase access to banking products and services by consumers. for example, the cfpb has launched an initiative to reduce the amounts and types of fees financial institutions may charge, including the issuance of proposed rules that would significantly reduce the permissible amount of credit card late fees and nsf fees on transactions that are declined instantaneously or near-instantaneously and the issuance of an advisory opinion prohibiting large financial institutions (including key) from imposing unreasonable obstacles on customers, such as charging excessive fees, for basic information about their own accounts. such changes may subject us to additional costs, adversely impact our income, and increase our litigation risk should we fail to appropriately comply and may also impact consumer behavior, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, affect the investments we make, and change the manner in which we operate. in addition, changes to laws and regulations may impact our customers by requiring them to adjust their operations or practices or impair their ability to pay fees or outstanding loans or afford new products, which could negatively impact demand for our products and services.
certain federal regulations have been in existence for decades without modification to account for modern banking practices, such as digital delivery of products and services, which can create challenges in execution and in the examination process. emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, could limit keybank's ability to track the movement of funds. keybank's ability to comply with bsa/aml and other regulations is dependent on its ability to improve detection and reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability.
additionally, federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. this enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, fines, or restitution, to issue cease and desist or removal orders, and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and affiliated parties. these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations, for practices determined to be unsafe or unsound, or for practices or acts that are determined to be unfair, deceptive, or abusive.
failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputational damage, or restrictions on our business. moreover, different government administrations may have different regulatory priorities, which may impact the level of regulation of financial institutions and the enforcement environment.
table of contents for more information, see "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report.
we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, which could limit our ability to pursue business initiatives, increase the cost of doing business and subject us to compliance risks and potential liability.
we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information of our customers, employees, job applicants, and other individuals. complying with laws and regulations applicable to our collection, use, transfer, and storage of personal information can increase operating costs, impact the development and marketing of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency. any mishandling or misuse of personal information by key or our vendors could expose us to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions.
at the federal level, we are subject to the gramm-leach-bliley act of 1999, as amended, which requires financial institutions to, among other things, periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices relating to sharing personal information and, in some cases, enables customers to opt out of the sharing of certain non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties. we are also subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the federal trade commission, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to privacy and cybersecurity. a number of states have also recently enacted consumer privacy laws that impose compliance obligations with respect to personal information or issued guidance regarding the same, such as the california consumer privacy act of 2018, as amended by the california privacy rights act (known as the "ccpa"), and the new york department of financial services cybersecurity regulations. in addition, there has been a significant increase in privacy-related litigation in recent years with respect to how organizations collect information and technical data from their public facing websites, and federal and state courts have been creating new legal frameworks around consumer and website privacy, which also creates new risks on businesses. as new privacy-related laws and regulations, and judicially-created frameworks, are implemented in jurisdictions in which keybank operates, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for noncompliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase. compliance with these laws and regulations has required and may continue to require us to change our policies, procedures, and technology for information security and segregation of data, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to operational failures, and subject us to monetary penalties for breach of such laws and regulations. as a result, some uncertainty remains as to the aggregate impact upon key of significant regulations.
changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb periodically changes the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of key's financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and/or interpret the financial accounting and reporting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how key records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, key could be required to retroactively apply a new or revised standard, resulting in changes to previously reported financial results.
iii.  operational risk we are subject to a variety of operational risks.
in addition to the other risks discussed in this section, we are subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes, internal controls, systems, and external events. operational risk includes the risk of fraud by employees or others outside of key, clerical and recordkeeping errors, nonperformance by vendors, threats from cyber activity, and computer/telecommunications malfunctions. fraudulent activity has escalated, become more sophisticated, and is ever evolving as there are more options to access financial services. operational risk also encompasses compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards, as well as the risk of our noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. we are also exposed to operational risk through our outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of our outsourcing vendors can have on our ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to our business, table of contents such as certain loan processing functions. for example, breakdowns or failures of our vendors' systems or employees could be a source of operational risk to us. resulting losses from operational risk could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs (including remediation costs), harm to our reputation, inability to secure insurance, litigation, regulatory intervention or sanctions, or foregone business opportunities.
we rely on our employees to design, manage, and operate our systems and controls to assure that we properly enter into, record and manage processes, transactions and other relationships with customers, vendors, suppliers, and other parties with whom we do business. we also depend on employees and the systems and controls for which they are responsible to assure that we identify and mitigate the risks that are inherent in our relationships and activities. these concerns are increased when we change processes or procedures, introduce new products or services, or implement new technologies, as we may fail to adequately identify or manage operational risks resulting from such changes. these concerns may be further exacerbated by employee turnover or labor shortages. as a result of our necessary reliance on employees to perform these tasks and manage resulting risks, we are thus subject to human vulnerabilities. these range from innocent human error to misconduct or malfeasance, potentially leading to operational breakdowns or other failures. our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation and monitoring of automated systems. we may also fail to adequately develop a culture of risk management among our employees.
we and third parties on which we rely (including their downstream service providers) may experience a cyberattack, technology failure, information system or security breach or interruption.
we rely heavily on communications, information systems (both internal and provided by third parties), and the internet to conduct our business. our business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal, regulatory, and internal standards and specifications. in addition, a significant portion of our operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of personal and confidential information, such as the personal information of our employees, customers, and clients. these risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase mobile payments and other internet-based product offerings, expand our internal usage of web/cloud-based products and applications, and maintain and develop new relationships with third-party providers, including their downstream service providers. in addition, our ability to extend protections to customers' information to individual customer devices is limited, especially if the customers willingly provide third parties access to their devices or information.
in the event of a failure, interruption, or breach of our information systems, or that of a third party that provides services to us or our customers, we may be unable to avoid impact to our customers. for example, we may experience operational disruptions or interruptions as a result of a cyber incident, including disruption caused by protective containment measures taken by us, such as taking certain first- or third-party systems off-line for a prolonged period. such a failure, interruption, or breach could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, or reputational harm. u.s. financial service institutions and companies have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems and several financial institutions, including key, have had third parties on which they rely experience such breaches. in addition, several financial institutions, including key, have experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to disrupt, disable, or degrade services, or sabotage systems or data. other attacks have attempted to obtain unauthorized access to confidential, proprietary, or personal information or intellectual property, to extort money through the use of "ransomware" or other extortion tactics, or to alter or destroy data or systems, often through various attack vectors and methods, including the introduction of computer viruses or malicious code (commonly referred to as "malware"), phishing, cyberattacks, account takeovers, credential stuffing, and other means. to the extent that we use third parties to provide services to our clients, we cannot control all of the risks at these third parties or third parties' downstream service providers. hardware, software, or applications developed by key or received from third parties may contain exploitable vulnerabilities, bugs, or defects in design, maintenance or manufacture or other issues that could unpredictably compromise information and cybersecurity. we depend on third party service providers and their downstream service providers to implement adequate controls and safeguards to protect against and report cyber incidents. if such parties fail to deter, detect, or report cyber incidents in a timely manner, we may suffer from financial and other harm, including to our information, operations, performance, employees, and reputation. in addition, should an adverse event affecting another company's systems occur, we may not have indemnification or other protection from the other company sufficient to fully compensate us or otherwise protect us or our clients from the consequences. to date, our losses and costs related to these breaches have not been material, but other similar events in the future could have a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
table of contents in addition, our customers routinely use key-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions conducted with businesses in person and over the internet. if the business's systems that process or store debit or credit card information experience a security breach, our card holders may experience fraud on their card accounts. we may suffer losses associated with such fraudulent transactions, as well as for other costs, such as replacing impacted cards. key also provides card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as mastercard. under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a data breach.
we also face risks related to the increasing interdependence and interconnectivity of financial entities and technology systems. a technology failure, cyberattack or other security breach that significantly compromises the systems of one or more financial parties or service providers in the financial system could have a material impact on counterparties or market participants, including us. any third-party technology failure, cyberattack, or security breach could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service clients, or otherwise operate our business and could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, or reputational harm. additionally, the increasing use of third-party financial data aggregators and emerging technologies, including the use of automation, artificial intelligence and robotics, introduces new information security risks and exposure for us and for our third party service providers; such technologies could also result in increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks.
such security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources/malicious actors, including, but not limited to, persons who constitute an insider threat, who are involved with organized crime, or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients through social engineering, phishing, mobile phone malware and sim card swapping, and other methods. our security systems, and those of the third-party service providers on which we rely, may not be able to protect our information systems or data from similar attacks due to the rapid evolution and creation of sophisticated cyberattacks. we are also subject to the risk that a malicious actor or our employees may intercept and/or transmit or otherwise misuse unauthorized personal, confidential, or proprietary information or intellectual property. an interception, misuse, or mishandling of personal, confidential, or proprietary information or intellectual property being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, and reputational harm.
we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expense in an effort to improve the reliability and resilience of our systems and their security against internal and external threats. nonetheless, we cannot guarantee our measures will be effective or sufficient to prevent a cyber incident, and there remains the risk that one or more adverse events might occur. if one does occur, it could go undetected and persist for an extended period of time and/or we may be unable to remediate the event or its consequences timely or adequately. while we do maintain cyber information security and business interruption insurance, losses from a major interruption may exceed our coverage and there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur will be covered under such policies, that such insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim.
we rely on third parties to perform significant operational services for us.
third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. additionally, some of our third parties outsource aspects of their operations to downstream service providers. these parties are subject to similar risks as key relating to cybersecurity and breakdowns or failures of their own systems, internal processes and controls, or employees. one or more of these third parties or their downstream service providers may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by such third party. certain of these third parties may have limited indemnification obligations or may not have the financial capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. financial or operational difficulties of a third party could also impair our operations if those difficulties interfere with such third party's ability to serve us. any unanticipated interruption, delay, or degradation in the performance and delivery of our services could negatively impact our customer relationships. additionally, some of our outsourcing arrangements are located overseas and, therefore, are subject to risks unique to the regions in which they operate.
if a critical third party is unable to meet our needs in a timely manner or if the services or products provided by such third party are terminated or otherwise delayed and if we are not able to identify or develop alternative sources for these services and products quickly and cost-effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.
additionally, regulatory guidance adopted by federal banking regulators related to how banks select, contract with, evaluate, engage with, and manage their third parties, including such third parties' use of subcontractors, affects the table of contents circumstances and conditions under which we work with third parties and their subcontractors and the cost of managing such relationships.
we are, and may in the future be, subject to claims, litigation, investigations, and governmental proceedings, which could result in significant financial liability and/or reputational harm.
we are subject to, and may in the future be subject to, claims or legal actions taken against us by customers, vendors, shareholders, or other parties. further, keycorp and certain of its directors and officers are currently named, and have in the past been named and may be named in the future, as defendants in various class actions and other litigation relating to our business and activities. we maintain reserves for certain claims when deemed appropriate based upon our assessment that a loss is probable, estimable, and consistent with applicable accounting guidance. at any given time, we have a variety of legal actions asserted against us in various stages of litigation. resolution of a legal action can often take years. whether any particular claims and legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in our favor, they may result in significant financial liability and adversely affect how the market perceives us and our products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services.
we are also involved, from time to time, in other information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business, including, among other things, accounting, compliance, and operational matters, which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, or other relief which, if significant, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. enforcement authorities may also seek admissions of wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters and any such resolution of a matter involving key could lead to increased exposure to private litigation, could adversely affect key's reputation, and could result in limitations on our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. further, enforcement matters could impact our supervisory and cra ratings, which may in turn restrict or limit our activities. in recent years, there has been an increase in the number of investigations and proceedings in the financial services industry. a violation of law or regulation by another financial institution may give rise to an inquiry or investigation by regulators or other authorities of the same or similar practices by key. for example, on february 9, 2024, affiliates of key entered into a settlement agreement with the sec's division of enforcement to resolve an investigation of the affiliates' compliance with records preservation requirements related to business communications sent over off-channel electronic messaging platforms. the settlement resulted in payment of a $10 million penalty to the sec along with other prospective relief. the sec has conducted similar investigations of other financial institutions as part of a widely publicized industry sweep that has included publicly announced settlements with multiple firms. the outcome of regulatory matters as well as the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict, and the uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and actual settlements or penalties.
our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, and our methods of reducing risk exposure may not be effective.
we regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, compliance monitoring activities, and corporate governance policies and procedures. we also maintain an erm program designed to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze our risks. additionally, our internal audit function provides an independent assessment and testing of key's internal controls, policies, and procedures. any system of controls and any system to reduce risk exposure, however well designed, operated, and tested, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met.
the systems may not work as intended or be circumvented by employees, third parties, or others outside of key.
additionally, instruments, systems, and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of market compliance, credit, liquidity, operational, and business risks and enterprise-wide risk could be less effective than anticipated. as a result, we may not be able to effectively or fully mitigate our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk.
our operations and financial performance could be adversely affected by severe weather and natural disasters exacerbated by climate change.
natural disasters, including wildfires, tornadoes, severe storms, and hurricanes, have seemingly become more frequent and severe due to climate change. the timing and effects of these natural disasters are difficult to accurately predict, and the potential impact of such disasters on our operations, employees, and customers could table of contents have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. given our broad regional focus, we are exposed to a wide range of weather-related risk across different geographical areas. severe weather events can directly affect our operations by interrupting systems, damaging facilities, disrupting our supply chain, and hindering our ability to conduct business as usual. additionally, these events can indirectly impact us by damaging or destroying customer businesses, impairing their ability to repay loans, or causing damage to properties pledged as collateral for loans made by key. although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, such measures could be costly, and any disaster could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business as usual. in addition, the insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from any business interruption resulting from a natural disaster or other severe weather events, and recurring extreme weather events could reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance. our failure to comply with evolving regulatory requirements related to natural disaster risk management may also result in legal and financial consequences.
societal and governmental responses to climate change could adversely affect key's business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on key's customers.
concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and may continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. new and/or more stringent regulatory requirements could materially affect our results by requiring us to take costly measures to comply with any new laws or regulations related to climate change that may be adopted by federal, state, and local governments. consumers and businesses also may change their own behavior as a result of these concerns. key and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations, as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. key and its customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, and the like. in addition, the multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations regarding climate change that have been or may be adopted by various jurisdictions could increase our cost of doing business and make compliance with such laws and regulations more difficult. the impact on key's customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. changes to regulations or market shifts to low-carbon products could impact the credit worthiness or the value of assets securing loans of some of our customers, which may require us to adjust our lending portfolios and business strategies. key's efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing business relationships with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting key from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior.
the increased use of remote work infrastructure has expanded potential attack vectors and resulted in increased operational risks.
the increase in remote work over the past several years has resulted in an expanded potential attack surface and heightened operational risks and may negatively impact our ability, and the ability of our third-party service providers (including their downstream service providers), to perform services efficiently, securely, and without interruptions. in addition to some of our workforce working remotely periodically or on a full-time basis, our third-party service providers (including their downstream service providers) may utilize personnel who work remotely. increased levels of remote access create additional cybersecurity risk and opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities.
for example, cybercriminals have become increasingly sophisticated in their attempts to compromise business emails, including by targeting employees through an increase of phishing attempts and fraudulent calls, including through the use of artificial intelligence. these fraudulent activities have resulted in increased fraud losses to us and the financial services industry generally. in addition to enhanced cybersecurity risk, employees and other personnel performing services for us who work remotely may experience disruptions to their home internet or phone connections, decreased efficiency due to delayed network speeds or other interruptions, and/or delays in the dissemination and exchange of information, any of which could negatively impact our operations. we have experienced, and may continue to experience, disruption related to remote work, which disruptions could adversely impact our business, and could result in legal liability, regulatory penalties, litigation expenses, remediation costs, or reputational harm.
iv.  liquidity risk capital and liquidity requirements imposed by banking regulations require banks and bhcs to maintain more and higher quality capital and more and higher quality liquid assets.
evolving capital standards resulting from the dodd-frank act and the regulatory capital rules adopted by our table of contents regulators have had and will continue to have a significant impact on banks and bhcs, including key. for a detailed explanation of the capital and liquidity rules that apply to us, see the section titled "regulatory capital requirements"
under the heading "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report.
regulatory capital standards require key to maintain significant amounts of high-quality capital (e.g., common equity) and could limit our business activities (including lending) and our ability to expand organically or through acquisitions. they could also result in our taking steps to increase our capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
in addition, regulatory liquidity standards require us to hold high-quality liquid assets, may require us to change our future mix of investment alternatives, and may impact future business relationships with certain customers.
additionally, support of liquidity standards may be satisfied through the use of term wholesale borrowings, which tend to have a higher cost than that of traditional core deposits.
further, the federal reserve has detailed the processes that bhcs should maintain to ensure they hold adequate capital under severely adverse conditions and have ready access to funding before engaging in any capital activities. these processes, the severity and other characteristics of which may evolve from year-to-year, are used by the federal reserve to, among other things, evaluate our management of capital and the adequacy of our regulatory capital and to determine the stress capital buffer that we must maintain above our minimum regulatory capital requirements. the results of these processes are difficult to predict due to, among other things, the federal reserve's use of proprietary stress models that differ from our internal models and may result in the federal reserve imposing capital requirements in excess of our expectations which could require us, as applicable, to revise our stress-testing or capital management approaches, resubmit our capital plan or postpone, cancel, or alter our planned capital actions. the results may also lead to limits on key's ability to make distributions, including paying out dividends or buying back shares.
in addition, certain regulatory rule changes related to tailoring outlined in the egrrcpa were finalized in 2019. while marginal relief from certain capital and liquidity standards has been afforded to key (such as relief from lcr disclosure requirements), overall capital and liquidity management practices and expectations will remain unchanged for the foreseeable future. moreover, key has not experienced significant changes to its overall liquidity and capital levels or composition as a result of these final rules.
on july 27, 2023, the federal reserve, fdic, and occ issued a proposal to implement the basel committee's
"basel iii" regulatory capital framework and substantially revise the capital requirements applicable to large banking organizations (those with $100 billion or more in total assets such as key) and to banking organizations with significant trading activity. for more information on the proposal, see the section titled "regulatory capital requirements" under the heading "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report. if implemented as proposed, the proposed rule would significantly increase capital requirements applicable to key and many activities in which key engages.
federal agencies' actions to ensure stability of the u.s. financial system may have disruptive effects on us.
the federal government, in recent years, has taken unprecedented steps to provide stability to and confidence in the financial markets. for example, in march 2020, the federal reserve initiated a round of emergency interest rate cuts designed to mitigate some of the economic effects resulting from the pandemic and subsequently began raising interest rates in march 2022 in an effort to combat inflation. these initiatives have impacted financial markets and our business and caused increased market and interest rate volatility, higher debt yields, an inverted slope to the yield curve, and unanticipated changes to quality spread premiums that may not follow historical relationships or patterns.
in early 2023, a series of bank failures, including svb and signature, lead the u.s. treasury secretary, the fdic, and the federal reserve to invoke the systemic risk exception to the least-cost resolution requirement under the fdia to guarantee uninsured deposits of the failed banks. the systemic bank exception can only be invoked for financial market risks that pose a threat to financial stability. as discussed under the section entitled "fdia, resolution authority and financial stability" in "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report, the fdic imposed a special assessment on idis to recover the loss to the dif resulting from the use of the systemic risk exception to protect the uninsured depositors of svb and signature. the impact of the special assessment to key is approximately $190 million, which was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023 and impacted noninterest expense for that quarter. in addition, rating agencies reacted to the volatility caused by the bank failures by issuing updated table of contents ratings and assessments for numerous u.s. banks, including key, as discussed below under "our credit ratings affect our liquidity position."
following these immediate responses, regulators have issued a number of nprs and proposed guidance and promised to adopt further measures designed to strengthen capital and liquidity standards and restore confidence in the banking system applicable to key including those discussed in "regulatory capital requirements" under the heading "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report. these final and proposed rules, if implemented, and any related proposal that may be put forward, including regarding liquidity, could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. capital and long-term debt requirements require us to divert resources from otherwise profitable lending and investment opportunities to ensure compliance, which may be dilutive to shareholders or limit key's ability to buy back shares or issue dividends.
further as market conditions evolve and respond to the influence of these government agency initiatives, or lack thereof, the slope of the yield curve will shift and influence our loan and deposit rates and value of investments. the actions of federal agencies are not fully predictable which contributes to market volatility and changes to the slope of the yield curve.
we rely on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries. with the exception of cash that we may raise from debt and equity issuances, we receive substantially all of our funding from dividends by our subsidiaries. dividends by our subsidiaries are the principal source of funds for the dividends we pay on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal payments on our debt. federal banking law and regulations limit the amount of dividends that keybank (keycorp's largest subsidiary) can pay. for further information on the regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by keybank, see "supervision and regulation" in item 1 of this report.
in the event keybank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations, or pay dividends on our common or preferred stock. such a situation could result in key losing access to alternative wholesale funding sources. in addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors.
we are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels.
market conditions or other events could negatively affect our access to or the cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, or fund asset growth and new business initiatives at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences.
although we maintain a liquid asset portfolio and have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned as well as unanticipated changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet commitments under various economic conditions (including a reduced level of wholesale funding sources), a substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on us. if the cost effectiveness or the availability of supply in these credit markets is reduced for a prolonged period of time, our funding needs may require us to access funding and manage liquidity by other means. these alternatives may include generating client deposits, securitizing or selling loans, extending the maturity of wholesale borrowings, borrowing under certain secured borrowing arrangements, using relationships developed with a variety of fixed income investors, and further managing loan growth and investment opportunities. these alternative means of funding may result in an increase to the overall cost of funds and may not be available under stressed conditions, which would cause us to liquidate a portion of our liquid asset portfolio to meet any funding needs.
our credit ratings affect our liquidity position.
the rating agencies regularly evaluate the securities issued by keycorp and keybank. the ratings of our long-term debt and other securities are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength, ability to generate earnings, and other factors. some of these factors are not entirely within our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry and the economy and changes in rating methodologies. changes in any of these factors could impact our ability to maintain our current credit ratings. for instance, in 2023, rating agencies reacted to the volatility in the banking industry by issuing updated ratings and assessments for numerous u.s. banks, including key. among the rating agencies, moody's, standard & poor's, and fitch ratings, inc. each downgraded keycorp's and keybank's long-term debt ratings. the rationales for the downgrades, which are documented in the table of contents agencies' respective credit opinions and analyses, included a challenging environment for the entire banking industry along with other company-specific factors. we may be unable to maintain our current ratings and our ratings may be downgraded again in the future. the impact of the recent downgrades to keycorp's or keybank's credit ratings, or further downgrades, could adversely affect our access to liquidity and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us, reducing our ability to generate income. if future reductions placed on keycorp's or keybank's credit ratings result in below-investment grade ratings, it could also create obligations or liabilities under the terms of existing arrangements that could increase our costs under such arrangements.
v.  market risk a worsening of the u.s. economy and volatile or recessionary conditions in the u.s. or abroad could negatively affect our business or our access to capital markets.
a worsening of economic and market conditions or downside shocks could result in adverse effects on key and others in the financial services industry. recent and persistent interest rate increases and a slowing economy have presented a challenge for the industry, including key, and affected business and financial performance.
in particular, we face the following risks, and other unforeseeable risks, in connection with a downturn in the economic and market environment or in the face of downside shocks or a recession, whether in the united states or internationally:
•a loss of confidence in the financial services industry and the debt and equity markets by investors, placing pressure on the price of key's common shares, decreasing the credit or liquidity available to key, or leading to an increase in depositors withdrawing funds;
•a decrease in consumer and business confidence levels generally, decreasing credit usage and investment or increasing delinquencies and defaults;
•a decrease in household or corporate incomes, reducing demand for key's products and services;
•a decrease in the value of collateral securing loans to key's borrowers or a decrease in the quality of key's loan portfolio, increasing loan charge-offs and reducing key's net income;
•a decrease in our ability to liquidate positions at acceptable market prices;
•an increase in competition or consolidation in the financial services industry;
•increased concern over and scrutiny of the capital and liquidity levels of financial institutions generally, and those of our transaction counterparties specifically;
•a decrease in confidence in the creditworthiness of the united states or other issuers whose securities we hold; and
•an increase in limitations on or the regulation of financial services companies like key.
in the event of severely adverse business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business, there can be no assurance that the federal government and the federal reserve would intervene or make adjustments to fiscal or monetary policy that would cause business and economic conditions to improve. a worsening of business and economic conditions or market volatility related thereto could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, which has recently led to increased costs for businesses and consumers and caused the federal reserve to initiate a series of interest rate increases, may enhance or contribute to some of the risks of our business by adversely affecting the creditworthiness of our borrowers, increasing our costs, or resulting in lower values for our investment securities and other fixed-rate assets. to the extent that the federal reserve's policies around managing inflation do not mitigate the volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, or to the extent conditions otherwise worsen, we could experience adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect net interest income.
our earnings are largely dependent upon our net interest income. net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, consumer preferences for specific loan and deposit products, and policies of various governmental and regulatory table of contents agencies, in particular, the federal reserve. our ability to anticipate changes in these factors or to hedge the related on-and off-balance sheet exposures, and the cost of any such hedging activity, can significantly influence the success of our asset-and-liability management activities and the resulting level of our net interest income and net interest margin. changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rate controls being applied by the federal reserve, could influence the amount of interest we receive on loans and securities, the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. when the federal reserve raises or reduces interest rates, the behavior of national money market rate indices, the correlation of consumer deposit rates to financial market interest rates, and the setting of benchmark rates may not follow historical relationships, which could influence net interest income and net interest margin. in addition, our ability to change deposit rates in response to changes in interest rates and other market and related factors is limited by client relationship considerations.
moreover, if the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a faster rate than the interest we receive on loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore our earnings, would be adversely affected. conversely, earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest we receive on loans and other investments falls more quickly than the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings.
the impact of interest rates on our investment portfolio and consolidated financial results, including aoci, can also affect our ability to maintain our capital ratios within our target ranges as well as the amount and timing of our future share repurchases and dividends. for additional information about the effects on interest rates on our business, refer to the information included under the caption "risk management - market risk management" in item 7 of this report.
our profitability depends upon economic conditions in the geographic regions where we have significant operations and in certain market segments in which we conduct significant business.
we have concentrations of loans and other business activities in geographic regions where our bank branches are located - washington; oregon/alaska; rocky mountains; indiana/northwest ohio/michigan; central/southwest ohio; east ohio/western pennsylvania; atlantic; western new york; eastern new york; and new england - and additional exposure to geographic regions outside of our branch footprint. economic growth in the various regions where we operate has been uneven, and the health of the overall u.s. economy may differ from the economy of any particular geographic region. adverse conditions in a geographic region such as inflation, unemployment, recession, natural disasters, impact of public health crises, or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of borrowers in these regions to repay their loans, decrease the value of collateral securing loans made in these regions, or affect the ability of our customers in these regions to continue conducting business with us.
additionally, a significant portion of our business activities are concentrated within the commercial real estate, healthcare, finance, and utilities market segments. the profitability of some of these market segments depends upon the health of the overall economy, seasonality, the impact of regulation, and other factors that are beyond our control and may be beyond the control of our customers in these market segments.
an economic downturn or recession in one or more geographic regions where we conduct our business, or any significant or prolonged impact on the profitability of one or more of the market segments with which we conduct significant business activity, could adversely affect the demand for our products and services, the ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and the stability of our deposit funding sources.
the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties in the financial services industries, and we routinely execute transactions with such counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, insurance companies, and other institutional clients. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. as a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to, and may further lead to, market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or other financial institutions. this phenomenon was evident following the bank failures in early 2023, as financial institutions, like us, were impacted by concerns regarding the soundness or creditworthiness of other financial institutions. those events caused substantial and cascading table of contents disruption within the financial markets and adversely impacted the market price and volatility of our common stock.
in addition, many of our transactions with other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. our credit risk may be affected when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of our loan or derivatives exposure. there can be no assurance that any such losses would not adversely and materially affect our results of operations.
depressed market values for our common stock and adverse economic conditions sustained over a period of time may require us to write down all or some portion of our goodwill.
as of december 31, 2023, the book value of our goodwill was $2.8 billion. goodwill is periodically tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. if the fair value is greater than the carrying amount, then the reporting unit's goodwill is deemed not to be impaired. the fair value of a reporting unit is impacted by the reporting unit's expected financial performance and susceptibility to adverse economic, regulatory, and legislative changes. a significant decline in a reporting unit's expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower economic growth or a significant and sustained decline in the price of our common stock may cause the fair value of a reporting unit to be below its carrying amount, resulting in goodwill impairment. if an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our common stock, or on our regulatory capital levels, but such an impairment loss could significantly reduce our earnings. see the "critical accounting policies" section of item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this report for additional information.
vi.  reputation risk damage to our reputation could significantly impact our business and major stakeholders.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and highly skilled management and employees is affected by our reputation. damage to our reputation could also adversely impact our credit ratings and access to capital markets.
significant harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including inappropriate behavior or misconduct of employees, actual or perceived unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, inadequate or ineffective risk management practices, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, corporate governance and regulatory compliance failures, disclosure of confidential information, significant or numerous failures, interruptions or breaches of our information systems, failure to meet external commitments and goals, including financial and esg-related commitments, the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors, and actions taken by shareholder activists and community organizations. additionally, actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or individuals in the industry as well as legislative or regulatory actions that target or negatively impact the industry may also have a significant adverse effect on our reputation.
negative coverage about key published in traditional media or on social media websites, whether or not factually correct, may affect our reputation and our business prospects and impact our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. social media facilitates the rapid dissemination of information or misinformation, thereby increasing the potential for rapid and widespread dissemination of inaccurate, false, misleading, or other negative information that could damage our reputation. negative public opinion can also adversely affect our ability to attract and maintain customer relationships and could subject us to litigation and regulatory action.
we are also subject to the risk that disruptions to how our customers access our banking services, such as disruptions to our technology platforms (e.g., online banking websites or mobile applications) or other impacts to our branches, could harm our reputation with customers. in particular, a cybersecurity event impacting key or our customers' data or personal information could negatively impact our reputation and customer confidence in key and our data security procedures.
we could also suffer significant reputational harm if we fail to properly identify and manage potential conflicts of interest. management of potential conflicts of interests is complex as we expand our business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations, and interests with and among our clients. the actual or perceived failure to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the willingness of clients to deal with us, which could adversely affect our businesses, and could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions.
table of contents key is subject to environmental, social, and governance (esg) risks that could adversely affect our reputation, the trading price of our common stock and/or our business and results of operations.
views about esg-related issues are diverse, dynamic, and rapidly changing. financial services companies, including key, face increasing criticism from social and environmental activists who target companies, including key, for engaging in business with clients engaged in industries such activists perceive to be harmful to communities or the environment. such criticism directed at key could generate dissatisfaction among our stakeholders. additionally, however we respond to such criticism, we face the risk that current or potential clients may decline to do business with us or current or potential employees refuse to work with us. this can be true regardless of whether we are perceived by some as not having done enough to address activist concerns or by others as having inappropriately yielded to activist pressures. conversely, certain states have taken, and may in the future take, actions or proposed measures to limit the state's ability to do business with financial institutions or other businesses identified as discriminating against certain industries or practices based on environmental or social criteria. we could be inherently exposed to reputational, financial, and legal risk, and our ability to retain and attract customers and employees may be negatively impacted as a result of these contrasting arguments in how a financial institution should address these issues.
companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their esg practices and disclosures. we may face criticism or a loss of confidence, with accompanying reputational risk, from our perceived action or inaction to deliver on our esg-related commitments. investors and other stakeholders, including u.s. institutional investors, are increasingly considering how corporations are incorporating esg matters, including climate change, into their business strategy when analyzing the expected risk and return of potential investments. the specific esg factors considered, as well as the approach to incorporating the factors into a broader investment process, vary by investor and can shift over time. these shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of keycorp's common stock if investors determine that key has not made sufficient progress on esg matters or is not aligned with the investors' esg-related priorities. in addition, collecting, measuring, and reporting esg information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming, is subject to evolving reporting standards, and can present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material impact on key, including on key's reputation. further, inadequate processes to collect and review this information prior to disclosure could result in potential liability related to such information.
vii.  strategic risk we may not realize the expected benefits of our strategic initiatives.
our ability to compete depends on a number of factors, including, among others, our ability to develop and successfully execute our strategic plans and initiatives. our strategic priorities include growing profitability; acquiring and expanding targeted client relationships; effectively managing risk and rewards; maintaining financial strength; and engaging, retaining, and inspiring our diverse and high-performing workforce. the success of these initiatives can be subject to changes in the macroeconomic environment that are beyond our control. in addition, our inability to execute on or achieve the anticipated outcomes of our strategic priorities, or to do so in the expected timeframe, may affect how the market perceives us and could impede our growth and profitability.
we operate in a highly competitive industry.
we face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of competitors, some of which are larger and may have more financial resources than us. our competitors primarily include national and super-regional banks as well as smaller community banks within the various geographic regions in which we operate. we also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment management firms, investment banking firms, broker-dealers and other local, regional, national, and global financial services firms. in addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks, including large technology companies, to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. we expect the competitive landscape of the financial services industry to become even more intense as a result of legislative, regulatory, structural, customer preference, and technological changes.
our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: our ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; our ability to develop, maintain, and build long-term customer relationships based on quality service and competitive prices; our ability to develop competitive products and technologies demanded by table of contents our customers, while maintaining our high ethical standards and an effective compliance program and keeping our assets safe and sound; our ability to attract, retain, and develop a highly competent employee workforce; and industry and general economic trends. increased competition in the financial services industry, or our failure to perform in any of these areas, could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability.
strategic risk may also be realized due to events or issues that materialize in other risk factor areas. for example, significant deficiencies in end-to-end operational execution and/or product delivery or failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in unmet client expectations or harm and impact our competitive standing in the industry.
maintaining or increasing our market share depends upon our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, while maintaining competitive products and services.
the continuous, widespread adoption of new technologies requires us to evaluate our product and service offerings to ensure they remain competitive. our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services, as well as our distribution of them, to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. new technologies have altered consumer behavior by allowing consumers to complete transactions such as paying bills or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. new products allow consumers to maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. the process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as "disintermediation," could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer loans and deposits and related income generated from those products.
the increasing pressure from our competitors, both bank and nonbank, to keep pace and adopt new technologies and products and services requires us to incur substantial expense. we may be unsuccessful in developing or introducing new products and services, modifying our existing products and services, adapting to changing consumer preferences and spending and saving habits, achieving market acceptance or regulatory approval, sufficiently developing or maintaining a loyal customer base, or offering products and services at prices equal to or lower than the prices offered by our competitors. these risks may affect our ability to achieve growth in our market share and could reduce both our revenue streams from certain products and services and our revenues from our net interest income.
we may not be able to attract and retain skilled people.
our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, motivate, and develop a talented and diverse workforce. competition for talent in our business is strong and requires us to make investments to provide compensation and benefits at market levels. rising wages, as well as inflation, may cause us to increase these investments. such investments cause compensation and benefits to represent our greatest expense.
additionally, we increasingly compete for talent outside of the core financial services industry. non-financial institutions may be subject to different pay and hiring expectations than us, which may make it more difficult for us to attract qualified teammates. for example, we are required to deliver a substantial portion of the variable compensation of certain teammates in the form of awards tied to our financial performance. the decline in our share price we experienced in 2023 could impact our ability to retain those individuals. similarly, our pay practices are subject to scrutiny by our regulators who may identify deficiencies in the structure of, or issue additional guidance on our compensation practices, causing us to make changes that may affect our ability to offer competitive pay to these individuals or that place us at a disadvantage to non-financial service industry competitors.
finally, while remote work opportunities allow us to hire outside of our traditional footprint, it also increases competition. these factors individually, or collectively, may constrain our ability to hire or retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, which could impact our ability to serve our customers and clients.
acquisitions or strategic partnerships may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value.
acquiring other banks, bank branches, or other businesses involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions or partnerships, including exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the acquired company; diversion of our management's time and attention; significant integration risk with respect to employees, accounting table of contents systems, and technology platforms; increased regulatory scrutiny; and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company. we regularly evaluate merger and acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions. as a result, mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities may occur at any time. acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
viii.  model risk we rely on quantitative models to manage certain accounting, risk management, capital planning, and treasury functions.
we use quantitative models to help provide value input into the management of certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including, but not limited to, estimating cecl, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the capital stress testing process). models are simplified representations of real-world relationships. thus, our modeling methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, correlations, and available data. these assumptions provide only reasonable, not absolute, estimates, particularly in times of market distress when historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. models can also produce inadequate estimates due to errors in computer code, use of unsuitable data during development or input into the model during model use, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. furthermore, strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable, and as a result, we may realize losses or other lapses.
we have an enterprise-wide model risk management program designed to accurately identify, measure, report, monitor, and manage model risk. the management of model risk includes independent validation and model governance, establishing and monitoring model control standards and model risk metrics, and completeness and accuracy of the inventory of models.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. the failure or inadequacy of a model may result in increased regulatory scrutiny on us or may result in an enforcement action or proceeding against us by one of our regulators.

item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page number introduction long-term financial targets corporate strategy strategic developments results of operations earnings overview                                                                       51
net interest income                                                                     51
provision for credit losses                                                             54
noninterest income                                                                      54
noninterest expense                                                                     56
income taxes                                                                            58
business segment results                                                                58
consumer bank commercial bank financial condition                                                                     61
loans and loans held for sale                                                           61
securities                                                                              67
deposits and other sources of funds capital off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations                    73
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees risk management                                                                         74
overview                                                                                74
market risk management                                                                  76
liquidity risk management                                                               82
credit risk management                                                                  85
operational and compliance risk management gaap to non-gaap reconciliations critical accounting policies and estimates allowance for loan and lease losses valuation methodologies derivatives and hedging                                                                 94
contingent liabilities, guarantees and income taxes accounting and reporting developments table of contents introduction this section reviews the financial condition and results of operations of keycorp and its subsidiaries for 2023 and 2022. some tables may include additional periods to comply with disclosure requirements or to illustrate trends in greater depth. when you read this discussion, you should also refer to the consolidated financial statements and related notes in this report. the page locations of specific sections and notes that we refer to are presented in the table of contents. to review our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 and a comparison between the 2021 and 2022 results, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our 2022 form 10-k filed with the sec on february 22, 2023, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference.
table of contents long-term financial targets
(a)see the section entitled "gaap to non-gaap reconciliations," which presents the computations of certain financial measures related to "cash efficiency." the section includes tables that reconcile the gaap performance measures to the corresponding non-gaap measures, which provides a basis for period-to-period comparisons.
(a)see the section entitled "gaap to non-gaap reconciliations," which presents the computations of certain financial measures related to "tangible common equity." the section includes tables that reconcile the gaap performance measures to the corresponding non-gaap measures, which provides a basis for period-to-period comparisons.
positive operating leverage generate positive operating leverage and a cash efficiency ratio in the range of 54.0% to 56.0%.
for the 2023 fiscal year, our cash efficiency ratio and operating leverage were affected by an increase in noninterest expense and a decrease in revenues. noninterest expense increased 7% from prior year including the impact of the fdic special assessment as well as efficiency-related charges as we focused on expense management, including simplifying and streamlining our businesses. net interest income decreased 13% from prior year reflecting higher interest-bearing deposit costs and a shift in funding mix to higher cost deposits and borrowings. positive operating leverage remains one of our long-term financial targets.
moderate risk profile maintain a moderate risk profile by targeting a net loan charge-offs to average loans ratio in the range of .40% to .60% through a credit cycle.
our net charge-offs to average loans ratio remains near historically low levels and continues to reflect our proven underwrite-to-distribute model. we believe our strong risk management practices will allow us to continue supporting our clients, while maintaining our moderate risk profile, and will position key to perform well through all business cycles.
financial return a return on average tangible common equity in the range of 16.0% to 19.0%.
our full-year dividend for 2023 was $.82. our proactive balance sheet optimization efforts drove the increase in our cet1 ratio and improved our liquidity and funding profile. we believe that these proactive efforts will better position key to deliver sound, profitable growth and value for all of our stakeholders.
table of contents corporate strategy we remain committed to enhancing long-term shareholder value by continuing to execute our relationship-based business model, growing our franchise, and being disciplined with respect to capital management. we intend to pursue this commitment by growing profitably; acquiring and expanding targeted client relationships; effectively managing risk and rewards; maintaining financial strength; and engaging, retaining, and inspiring our diverse and high-performing workforce. these strategic priorities for enhancing long-term shareholder value are described in more detail below.
•grow profitably - we intend to continue to focus on generating positive operating leverage by growing revenue and creating a more efficient operating environment. we expect our relationship business model to keep generating organic growth as it helps us expand engagement with existing clients and attract new customers. we plan to leverage our continuous improvement culture to maintain an efficient cost structure that is aligned, sustainable, and consistent with the current operating environment and that supports our relationship business model.
•acquire and expand targeted client relationships - we seek to be client-centric in our actions and have taken purposeful steps to enhance our ability to acquire and expand targeted relationships. we seek to provide solutions to serve our clients' needs. we focus on markets and clients where we can be the most relevant. in aligning our businesses and investments against these targeted client segments, we are able to make a meaningful impact for our clients.
•effectively manage risk and rewards - our risk management activities are focused on ensuring we properly identify, measure, and manage risks across the entire company to maintain safety and soundness and maximize profitability.
•maintain financial strength - with the foundation of a strong balance sheet, we intend to remain focused on sustaining strong reserves, liquidity, and capital. we plan to work closely with our board and regulators to manage capital to support our clients' needs and drive long-term shareholder value. our capital position remains strong, and we are well-positioned relative to our capital priorities.
•engage a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce - every day our employees provide our clients with great ideas, extraordinary service, and smart solutions. we intend to continue to engage our high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce to create an environment where they can make a difference, own their careers, be respected, and feel a sense of pride.
strategic developments we took the following actions during 2023 in support of our corporate strategy:
•throughout dynamic market conditions we continued to support our clients, growing in both commercial clients and consumer households and raising $80 billion in capital for our clients.
•we've continued to focus on relationships, primacy, and quality deposits, while de-emphasizing non-relationship business and significantly improving our funding and liquidity.
•overall, credit quality remains strong reflecting our strong risk management discipline and our proven underwrite-to-distribute business model. we've continued to maintain low exposure in high-risk categories such as leveraged lending and office properties.
•we proactively managed our balance sheet by reducing risk-weighted assets, improving our capital position. at december 31, 2023, our common equity tier 1 and tier 1 risk-based capital ratios stood at 10.02% and 11.67%, respectively.
•we remained committed to our strategy to engage a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce. we have been recognized by multiple organizations for our dedication to creating an environment where employees are treated with respect and empowered to bring their authentic selves to work. some of these awards and recognitions included the human rights campaign naming us one of the 2023 equality 100 award recipients as a leader in lgbtq+ workplace inclusion, bloomberg listing us on the gender-equality index, g.i. jobs and military spouse magazine recognizing us as a military friendly® and military friendly® spouse employer, and receiving the leading disability employer seal from the national organization on disability. we were also named to diversityinc's 2023 top 50 companies for diversity.
table of contents current year expectations - full year 2024 vs. full year 2023
category                               expectations (a)
average loans                          down 5% to 7%(c)
average deposits                       flat to down 2%
net interest income (te)               down 2% to 5%(c)
noninterest income                     up 5%+
noninterest expense                    relatively stable(b)
net charge-offs to average loans       30 to 40 basis points (fy2024)
effective tax rate                     ~20% (fy2024)
(a) guidance range: relatively stable: +/- 2%.
(b) excludes impact of the fdic special assessment charge of $190 million, efficiency related expenses of $131 million, and a pension settlement charge of $18 million in 2023.
(c) additional guidance: end of period loans: relatively stable vs. year-end 2023 balances; net interest income (te): up low-single digits vs. 4q23 annualized exit rate, 10%+ 4q24 vs. 4q23.
results of operations earnings overview the following chart provides a reconciliation of net income from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2022, to the year ended december 31, 2023 (dollars in millions):
(a) includes preferred dividends.
net interest income one of our principal sources of revenue is net interest income. net interest income is the difference between interest income received on earning assets (such as loans and securities) and loan-related fee income, and interest expense paid on deposits and borrowings. there are several factors that affect net interest income, including:
•the volume, pricing, mix, and maturity of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities;
•the volume and value of net free funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits and equity capital;
•the use of derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk;
•interest rate fluctuations and competitive conditions within the marketplace;
•asset quality; and
•fair value accounting of acquired earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
to make it easier to compare both the results among several periods and the yields on various types of earning assets (some taxable, some not), we present net interest income in this discussion on a "te basis" (i.e., as if all income were taxable and at the same rate). for example, $100 of tax-exempt income would be presented as $126, an amount that, if taxed at the statutory federal income tax rate of 21%, would yield $100.
table of contents net interest income (te) for 2023 was $3.9 billion, and the net interest margin was 2.17%. compared to 2022, net interest income (te) decreased $611 million, and the net interest margin decreased by 47 basis points. the decline in net interest income (te) and the net interest margin was driven by higher interest-bearing deposit costs and a shift in funding mix to higher cost deposits and borrowings. partly offsetting the decline in net interest income and the net interest margin were higher earning asset balances and yields.
average loans totaled $118.0 billion for 2023, compared to $111.3 billion in 2022. the $6.7 billion increase was driven by growth in commercial and industrial loans and consumer mortgage balances during the first half of 2023.
average deposits totaled $144.1 billion for 2023, a decrease of $2.8 billion compared to 2022. the decrease was driven by changing client behavior as a result of higher interest rates.
figure 1 shows the various components of our balance sheet that affect interest income and expense and their respective yields or rates over the past three years. this figure also presents a reconciliation of te net interest income to net interest income reported in accordance with gaap for each of those years. the net interest margin, which is an indicator of the profitability of our earning assets less the cost of funding, is calculated by dividing taxable-equivalent net interest income by average earning assets.
table of contents figure 1. consolidated average balance sheets, net interest income, and yields/rates from continuing operations(h)
year ended december 31,                                                                                                               2023                                                                    2022                                                            2021
dollars in millions                                                               averagebalance         interest (a)       yield/rate (a)                averagebalance         interest (a)       yield/rate (a)                     average         interest (a)         yield/
balance                            rate (a)
assets loans (b), (c)
commercial and industrial (d)                                                     $59,379               $3,444                 5.80      %                $54,970               $2,148                 3.91      %                $50,931             $1,795             3.52    %
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                  15,968                  931                 5.83                        15,572                  633                 4.07                        13,118                472             3.60
real estate - construction                                                          2,755                  185                 6.71                         2,229                   99                 4.44                         2,113                 77             3.61
commercial lease financing                                                          3,703                  116                 3.13                         3,869                   98                 2.54                         4,019                114             2.84
total commercial loans                                                             81,805                4,676                 5.72                        76,640                2,978                 3.89                        70,181              2,458             3.50
real estate - residential mortgage                                                 21,428                  699                 3.26                        19,036                  559                 2.94                        12,252                348             2.84
home equity loans                                                                   7,522                  433                 5.76                         8,115                  347                 4.28                         8,967                336             3.74
consumer direct loans                                                               6,228                  304                 4.88                         6,490                  277                 4.27                         5,105                233             4.56
credit cards                                                                          986                  136                13.88                           959                  107                11.23                           925                 94            10.11
consumer indirect loans                                                                35                    1                  .71                            62                    -                    -                         2,839                 90             3.19
total consumer loans                                                               36,199                1,573                 4.35                        34,662                1,290                 3.72                        30,088              1,101             3.66
total loans                                                                       118,004                6,249                 5.30                       111,302                4,268                 3.84                       100,269              3,559             3.55
loans held for sale                                                                 1,012                   61                 6.06                         1,278                   56                 4.41                         1,700                 50             2.96
securities available for sale (b), (e)                                             37,718                  793                 1.80                        42,325                  752                 1.62                        35,765                546             1.53
held-to-maturity securities (b)                                                     9,008                  312                 3.46                         7,676                  213                 2.77                         7,035                185             2.63
trading account assets                                                              1,138                   55                 4.85                           850                   31                 3.61                           820                 19             2.35
short-term investments                                                              7,349                  414                 5.63                         4,264                   97                 2.28                        17,529                 28              .16
other investments (e)                                                               1,392                   73                 5.28                           952                   22                 2.26                           621                  7             1.14
total earning assets                                                              175,621                7,957                 4.37                       168,647                5,439                 3.15                       163,739              4,394             2.69
allowance for loan and lease losses                                               (1,419)                                                                 (1,101)                                                                 (1,340)
accrued income and other assets                                                    17,425                                                                  18,340                                                                  16,520
discontinued assets                                                                   384                                                                     492                                                                     632
total assets                                                                     $192,011                                                                $186,378                                                                $179,551
liabilities money market deposits                                                             $34,539                 $666                 1.93      %                $35,966                  $52                  .14      %                $36,959                $15              .04    %
demand deposits                                                                    54,711                1,102                 2.01                        49,707                  182                  .37                        47,777                 26              .05
savings deposits                                                                    6,343                    3                  .04                         7,798                    1                  .01                         6,893                  1              .02
certificates of deposit ($100,000 or more)(f)                                       4,517                  171                 3.79                         1,455                    8                  .56                         2,135                 16              .72
other time deposits                                                                 9,277                  380                 4.10                         2,892                   36                 1.25                         2,540                  9              .37
total interest-bearing deposits                                                   109,387                2,322                 2.12                        97,818                  279                  .29                        96,304                 67              .07
federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements             1,647                   79                 4.81                         2,107                   41                 1.93                           239                  -              .02
bank notes and other short-term borrowings                                          5,890                  308                 5.24                         2,963                   90                 3.02                           770                  8             1.08
long-term debt (f), (g)                                                            20,983                1,305                 6.22                        14,915                  475                 3.19                        12,391                221             1.79
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                137,907                4,014                 2.91                       117,803                  885                  .75                       109,704                296              .27
noninterest-bearing deposits                                                       34,672                                                                  49,044                                                                  48,731
accrued expense and other liabilities                                               5,167                                                                   4,309                                                                   2,819
discontinued liabilities (g)                                                          384                                                                     492                                                                     632
total liabilities                                                                 178,130                                                                 171,648                                                                 161,886
equity key shareholders' equity                                                           13,881                                                                  14,730                                                                  17,665
noncontrolling interests                                                                -                                                                       -                                                                       -
total equity                                                                       13,881                                                                  14,730                                                                  17,665
total liabilities and equity                                                     $192,011                                                                $186,378                                                                $179,551
interest rate spread (te)                                                                                                      1.46      %                                                             2.40      %                                                       2.42    %
net interest income (te) and net interest margin (te)                                                   $3,943                 2.17      %                                      $4,554                 2.64      %                                    $4,098             2.50    %
less: te adjustment (b)                                                                                     30                                                                      27                                                                    27
net interest income, gaap basis                                                                         $3,913                                                                  $4,527                                                                $4,071
(a)results are from continuing operations. interest excludes the interest associated with the liabilities referred to in (g) below, calculated using a matched funds transfer pricing methodology.
(b)interest income on tax-exempt securities and loans has been adjusted to a te basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year.
(c)for purposes of these computations, nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances.
(d)commercial and industrial average loan balances include $196 million, $157 million, and $134 million of assets from commercial credit cards for the years ended december 31, 2023, december 31, 2022, and december 31, 2021, respectively.
(e)yield is calculated on the basis of amortized cost.
(f)rate calculation excludes basis adjustments related to fair value hedges.
(g)a portion of long-term debt and the related interest expense is allocated to discontinued liabilities as a result of applying our matched funds transfer pricing methodology to discontinued operations.
(h)average balances presented are based on daily average balances over the respective stated period.
53
table of contents figure 2 shows how the changes in yields or rates and average balances from the prior year affected net interest income. the section entitled "financial condition" contains additional discussion about changes in earning assets and funding sources.
figure 2. components of net interest income changes from continuing operations
2023 vs. 2022
dollars in millions                                                                averagevolume       yield/ rate        net change(a)
interest income loans                                                                                $261             $1,720              $1,981
loans held for sale                                                                  (13)                 18                   5
securities available for sale                                                        (87)                128                  41
held-to-maturity securities                                                            41                 58                  99
trading account assets                                                                 12                 12                  24
short-term investments                                                                104                213                 317
other investments                                                                      14                 37                  51
total interest income (te)                                                            332              2,186               2,518
interest expense money market deposits                                                                 (2)                616                 614
demand deposits                                                                        20                900                 920
savings deposits                                                                        -                  2                   2
certificates of deposit ($100,000 or more)                                             43                120                 163
other time deposits                                                                   169                175                 344
total interest-bearing deposits                                                       230              1,813               2,043
federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements              (11)                 49                  38
bank notes and other short-term borrowings                                            126                 92                 218
long-term debt                                                                        248                582                 830
total interest expense                                                                593              2,536               3,129
net interest income (te)                                                           $(261)             $(350)              $(611)
(a)the change in interest not due solely to volume or rate has been allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
provision for credit losses our provision for credit losses was a net charge of $489 million for 2023, compared to $502 million for 2022. the decrease in our provision for credit losses was driven by a lower reserve build, partly due to planned balance sheet optimization efforts over 2023, offset by higher net charge-offs. in 2022, the increase in provision for credit losses was a result of reserve increases largely driven by changes in the economic outlook and loan growth.
table of contents noninterest income noninterest income for 2023 was $2.5 billion, compared to $2.7 billion during 2022. noninterest income represented 39% of total revenue for 2023 and 37% of total revenue for 2022.
the following discussion explains the composition of certain elements of our noninterest income and the factors that caused those elements to change.
figure 3. noninterest income
(a)other noninterest income includes operating lease income and other leasing gains, corporate services income, corporate-owned life insurance income, consumer mortgage income, commercial mortgage servicing fees, and other income. see the "consolidated statements of income" in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
table of contents trust and investment services income trust and investment services income consists of brokerage commissions, trust and asset management commissions, and insurance income. the assets under management or administration that primarily generate these revenues are shown in figure 4. for 2023, trust and investment services income decreased $10 million, or 1.9%. this was primarily due to a decrease in transactional commission based revenues slightly offset by an increase in investment management income and other fees stemming from increased assets under management.
a significant portion of our trust and investment services income depends on the value and mix of assets under management. at december 31, 2023, our bank, trust, and registered investment advisory subsidiaries had assets under management or administration of $54.9 billion, compared to $51.3 billion at december 31, 2022. the increase from 2022 to 2023 was attributable to movements in the equity markets and new business.
figure 4. assets under administration year ended december 31,                                                                                        change 2023 vs. 2022
dollars in millions                                                        2023            2022            amount           percent discretionary assets under management by investment type:
equity                                                              $30,724         $28,313          $2,411               8.5     %
fixed income                                                         13,775          14,432           (657)             (4.6)
money market                                                          6,187           5,238             949              18.1
total discretionary assets under management                         $50,686         $47,983          $2,703               5.6     %
non-discretionary assets under administration                         4,173           3,299             874              26.5
total                                                               $54,859         $51,282          $3,577               7.0     %
investment banking and debt placement fees investment banking and debt placement fees consist of syndication fees, debt and equity underwriting fees, merger and acquisition and debt placement advisor fees, gains on sales of commercial mortgages, and agency origination fees. for 2023, investment banking and debt placement fees decreased $96 million, or 15.0%, from the prior year reflective of the continued challenging environment in the capital markets.
service charges on deposit accounts service charges on deposit accounts decreased $80 million, or 22.9%, in 2023 compared to the prior year. this decrease reflects the full year impact of new fee terms implemented in the second half of 2022 which eliminated nsf fees and introduced key coverage zonetm for overdraft fees, as well as lower account analysis fees related to the interest rate environment.
cards and payments income cards and payments income, which consists of debit card, consumer and commercial credit card, and merchant services income remained relatively flat and only decreased $1 million, or 0.3%, in 2023 compared to 2022.
other noninterest income other noninterest income decreased $61 million, or 7.1%, in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by decreases in corporate services income from lower derivatives trading income, decreases in operating lease income as our operating lease portfolio runs off, and decreases in consumer mortgage income from lower gain on sale margins. these decreases were slightly offset by an increase in commercial mortgage servicing fees driven by a higher servicing portfolio.
noninterest expense noninterest expense for 2023 was $4.7 billion, compared to $4.4 billion for 2022. figure 5 gives a breakdown of our major categories of noninterest expense as a percentage of total noninterest expense for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023.
the following discussion explains the composition of certain elements of our noninterest expense and the factors that caused those elements to change.
table of contents figure 5. noninterest expense
(a)other noninterest expense includes equipment, operating lease expense, marketing, intangible asset amortization and other miscellaneous expense. see the "consolidated statements of income" in part ii, item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report.
personnel as shown in figure 6, personnel expense, the largest category of our noninterest expense, increased by $94 million, or 3.7%, in 2023 compared to 2022. activity for the year was driven by higher salaries and severance with an offset from decreased incentive compensation costs from lower revenue generation in our variable expense businesses.
figure 6. personnel expense year ended december 31,dollars in millions                                                       change 2023 vs. 2022
2023                                                        2022           amount           percent salaries and contract labor                           $1,649          $1,500             $149               9.9     %
incentive and stock-based compensation (a)               525             693            (168)            (24.2)
employee benefits                                        405             363               42              11.6
severance                                                 81              10               71                     n/m total personnel expense                               $2,660          $2,566              $94               3.7     %
n/m - not meaningful
(a)excludes directors' stock-based compensation of $3 million in 2023 and $3 million in 2022, reported as "other noninterest expense" in figure 5.
non-personnel expense in total, other non-personnel expense increased $230 million, or 12.5%, in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to the $190 million fdic special assessment charge, as well as corporate real estate related rationalization costs recorded within other expense.
table of contents income taxes we recorded a tax provision from continuing operations of $196 million for 2023, compared to $422 million for 2022. the effective tax rate, which is the provision for income taxes as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income taxes, was 16.9% for 2023 and 18.1% for 2022.
in 2023, our federal tax expense and effective tax rate differ from the amount that would be calculated using the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to investments in tax-advantaged assets, such as corporate-owned life insurance, and tax credits associated with low-income housing investments, and periodic adjustments to our tax reserves as described in note 14 ("income taxes").
business segment results this section summarizes the financial performance of our two major business segments (operating segments): consumer bank and commercial bank. note 25 ("business segment reporting") describes the products and services offered by each of these business segments and provides more detailed financial information pertaining to the segments. dollars in the charts are presented in millions.
consumer bank segment imperatives
•execute a relationship-oriented growth strategy, which will enable us to grow (i) stable, low-cost deposits and (ii) valuable fee income streams, including wealth management and cards and payments
•simplify our business to improve execution and efficiency while managing risk
•meet the needs of our clients and communities in markets where we operate market and business overview as the banking industry moves forward, so do our clients. anticipating our clients' needs not only today, but also for tomorrow and into the future, has become one of the biggest challenges for the banking industry. we view these challenges as an opportunity to help our current client base meet their own goals, as well as attract new and diverse clients. key consumer bank's focus on durable, long-term client relationships centered in core checking has been evident through the execution of our strategic priorities through focus areas such as developing a core consumer relationship product suite and driving long-term deposits and fee income through new and enhanced products and services. key continues to adapt to an increasingly digital world with an increased focus on client experience across our online banking channels. the advice our bankers provide, in combination with our products, services and digital platforms, place key in a strong position to develop long-lasting and meaningful relationships with our current and prospective clients. our goal is to help our clients move forward on their financial journeys and to be by their sides along the way.
summary of operations
•net income attributable to key of $248 million in 2023, compared to $365 million in 2022, a decrease of 32.1%, largely driven by higher interest rates on deposits and the fdic special assessment charge
•taxable equivalent net interest income decreased in 2023 by $133 million, or 5.5%, from the prior year, reflecting higher interest-bearing deposit costs
•average loans and leases increased in 2023 by $1.1 billion, or 2.6%, from the prior year, driven by increases in residential mortgage loans
•average deposits decreased in 2023 by $6.2 billion, or 6.8%, from the prior year, driven by changes in client behavior due to the higher interest rate environment table of contents
•provision for credit losses decreased $82 million in 2023 compared to the prior year, driven by lower reserves due to planned balance sheet optimization efforts and changes in the economic outlook, offset by higher net charge-offs
•noninterest income decreased in 2023 by $51 million, or 5.1%, driven by decreases in service charges on deposit accounts as a result of declining overdraft fee and nsf fees.
•noninterest expense increased in 2023 by $52 million, or 1.9%, primarily reflective of the fdic special assessment charge commercial bank segment imperatives
•solve complex client needs through a differentiated product set of banking and capital markets capabilities
•drive targeted scale through distinct product capabilities delivered to a broad set of clients
•utilize industry expertise and broad capabilities to build relationships with narrowly targeted client sets table of contents market and business overview building relationships and delivering complex solutions for middle market clients requires a distinctive operating model that understands their business and can provide a broad set of product capabilities. as competition for these clients intensifies, we have positioned the business to maintain and grow our competitive advantage by building targeted scale in businesses and client segments. strong market share in businesses such as real estate loan servicing and equipment finance highlights our ability to successfully meet customer needs through targeted scale in distinct product capabilities. clients expect us to understand every aspect of their business. our seven industry verticals are aligned to drive targeted scale in segments where we have a breadth of industry expertise. our business model is positioned to meet our client needs because our focus is not on being a universal bank, but rather being the right bank for our clients.
summary of operations
•net income attributable to key of $839 million in 2023, compared to $1.1 billion in 2022, a decrease of 26.7%, largely driven by an increase in reserves, increase in fdic special assessment charges, lower investment banking and debt placement fees, and lower corporate services income
•taxable equivalent net interest income decreased in 2023 by $52 million, or 2.8%, from the prior year, reflecting higher interest-bearing deposit costs and a shift in funding mix to higher-cost deposits
•average loan and lease balances increased $5.6 billion in 2023, or 8.0%, driven by an increase in commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate
•average deposit balances decreased $798 million in 2023, or 1.5%, driven by changing client behavior due to the current economic environment while also being impacted by our focus on growing deposits across our commercial businesses
•provision for credit losses increased $62 million in 2023 compared to the prior year, resulting from higher net-charge-offs and reserve increases driven by changes in portfolio activity and the economic outlook
•noninterest income decreased $178 million in 2023, or 11.1%, from the prior year, driven by lower investment banking and debt placement fees, reflecting lower syndication and merger and acquisition advisory revenues, as well as a decline in corporate services income
•noninterest expense increased by $69 million in 2023, or 4.0%, from the prior year, primarily due to the fdic special assessment charge table of contents financial condition loans and loans held for sale figure 7. breakdown of loans as of december 31, 2023
(a)other consumer loans include consumer direct loans, credit cards, and consumer indirect loans. see note 4 ("loan portfolio") item 8. financial statements of this report.
table of contents figure 8 shows the composition of our loan portfolio at december 31 for each of the past two years.
figure 8. composition of loans
2023                                                            2022
december 31,dollars in millions                              amount                    percent of total                      amount                    percent of total commercial commercial and industrial (a)                          $55,815                             49.6       %                $59,647                             50.0       %
commercial real estate:
commercial mortgage                                     15,187                             13.5                         16,352                             13.7
construction                                             3,066                              2.7                          2,530                              2.1
total commercial real estate loans                      18,253                             16.2                         18,882                             15.8
commercial lease financing (b)                           3,523                              3.1                          3,936                              3.3
total commercial loans                                  77,591                             68.9                         82,465                             69.1
consumer real estate - residential mortgage                      20,958                             18.6                         21,401                             17.9
home equity loans                                        7,139                              6.4                          7,951                              6.6
consumer direct loans                                    5,890                              5.2                          6,508                              5.4
credit cards                                             1,002                              0.9                          1,026                              0.9
consumer indirect loans                                     26                                -                             43                              0.1
total consumer loans                                    35,015                             31.1                         36,929                             30.9
total loans (c)                                       $112,606                            100.0       %               $119,394                            100.0       %
(a)loan balances include $207 million and $172 million, of commercial credit card balances at december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022, respectively.
(b)commercial lease financing includes receivables held as collateral for a secured borrowing of $7 million and $8 million at december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022, respectively. principal reductions are based on the cash payments received from these related receivables. additional information pertaining to this secured borrowing is included in note 20 ("long-term debt").
(c)total loans exclude loans of $339 million at december 31, 2023, and $434 million at december 31, 2022, related to the discontinued operations of the education lending business.
at december 31, 2023, total loans outstanding from continuing operations were $112.6 billion, compared to $119.4 billion at the end of 2022. for more information on balance sheet carrying value, see note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the headings "loans" and "loans held for sale."
commercial loan portfolio commercial loans outstanding were $77.6 billion at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $4.9 billion, or 5.9%, compared to december 31, 2022. the decrease was across all major commercial loan categories as a result of our planned balance sheet optimization efforts.
figure 9 provides our commercial loan portfolio by industry classification as of december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022.
62
table of contents figure 9. commercial loans by industry december 31, 2023                                 commercial and industrial                 commercial                       commercial                 total commercial                    percent of real estate                  lease financing                            loans                         total dollars in millions industry classification:
agriculture                                                 $925                            $114                            $74                           $1,113                             1.4     %
automotive                                                 2,153                             833                              4                            2,990                             3.9
business services                                          3,387                             243                            112                            3,742                             4.8
commercial real estate                                     8,229                          13,113                              8                           21,350                            27.5
construction materials and contractors                     2,311                             292                            265                            2,868                             3.7
consumer goods                                             3,851                             622                            268                            4,741                             6.1
consumer services                                          4,568                             774                            327                            5,669                             7.3
equipment                                                  2,405                             171                            168                            2,744                             3.5
finance                                                    8,908                             104                            284                            9,296                            12.0
healthcare                                                 3,222                           1,456                                                           4,981                             6.4
materials and extraction                                   2,402                                                            152                            2,858                             3.7
oil and gas                                                2,212                              37                             12                            2,261                             2.9
public exposure                                            2,241                               8                            513                            2,762                             3.6
technology, media, and telecom                               807                              11                             78                              896                             1.2
transportation                                               988                              97                            466                            1,551                             2.0
utilities                                                  6,418                               6                            459                            6,883                             8.9
other                                                        788                              68                             30                              886                             1.1
total                                                    $55,815                         $18,253                         $3,523                          $77,591                           100.0     %
december 31, 2022                                 commercial and industrial                 commercial                       commercial                 total commercial                    percent of real estate                  lease financing                            loans                         total dollars in millions industry classification:
agriculture                                                 $829                            $110                            $83                           $1,022                             1.2     %
automotive                                                 1,678                             751                             12                            2,441                             2.9
business services                                          3,514                             246                            148                            3,908                             4.7
commercial real estate                                     8,883                          13,919                             10                           22,812                            27.7
construction materials and contractors                     2,649                             318                            322                            3,289                             4.0
consumer goods                                             4,643                             576                            288                            5,507                             6.7
consumer services                                          5,009                             900                            346                            6,255                             7.6
equipment                                                  2,584                             180                            161                            2,925                             3.5
finance                                                    8,805                             112                            461                            9,378                            11.4
healthcare                                                 3,589                           1,372                            330                            5,291                             6.4
materials and extraction                                   3,128                             240                            145                            3,513                             4.3
oil and gas                                                2,399                              33                             20                            2,452                             3.0
public exposure                                            2,534                               9                            580                            3,123                             3.8
technology, media, and telecom                             1,082                              12                             89                            1,183                             1.4
transportation                                             1,092                             137                            477                            1,706                             2.1
utilities                                                  6,725                               5                            450                            7,180                             8.7
other                                                        504                            (38)                             14                              480                              .6
total                                                    $59,647                         $18,882                         $3,936                          $82,465                           100.0     %
commercial and industrial. commercial and industrial loans are the largest component of our loan portfolio, representing 50% of our total loan portfolio at december 31, 2023, and 50% at december 31, 2022. this portfolio is approximately 88% variable rate and consists of loans primarily to large corporate, middle market, and small business clients.
commercial and industrial loans totaled $55.8 billion at december 31, 2023, a decrease of $3.8 billion, or 6.4%, compared to december 31, 2022. the decrease was broad-based and spread across most industry categories, reflecting our planned balance sheet optimization efforts.
commercial real estate loans. our commercial real estate portfolio includes project loans primarily focused in market-rate and affordable multi-family housing loans, owner-occupied commercial and industrial operating company buildings, and community center grocer-anchored retail centers. these three commercial real estate segments make up 75% of our commercial real estate portfolio. our non-owner-occupied portfolio is focused on operators of commercial real estate who not only utilize our loan products, but also our broader industry-focused products and services and provide consistent pipelines into our agency, cmbs, and other long-term market take out products. this focus ensures our relationship clients foster and build portfolios with stable, recurring cash flows, with adequate, balanced cash reserves to support our balance sheet exposures through the economic cycle.
at december 31, 2023, commercial real estate loans totaled $18.3 billion, comprised of $15.2 billion of mortgage loans and $3.1 billion of construction loans. compared to december 31, 2022, this portfolio decreased $629 million driven by our planned balance sheet optimization efforts.
63
table of contents since the global financial crisis in 2008, we have limited our construction business and reduced our overall construction loans from 42% to 17% of commercial real estate loans as of december 31, 2023. construction loans provide a stream of funding for properties not fully leased at origination to support debt service payments over the term of the contract or project. as of december 31, 2023, 78% of our construction portfolio are multi-family project loans. our office exposure only represents 5% of commercial real estate loans at period end.
as shown in figure 10, our commercial real estate loan portfolio includes various property types and geographic locations of the underlying collateral. these loans include commercial mortgage and construction loans in both consumer bank and commercial bank.
figure 10. commercial real estate loans geographic region dollars in millions                                           west   southwest                central          midwest         southeast         northeast         national           total        percent of total         construction         commercialmortgage december 31, 2023
nonowner-occupied:
diversified                                               $3         $-                       $-               $3               $-               $16              $164             $186                 1.0       %            $-                     $186
industrial                                                58                24                80              110              230               280                20              802                 4.4                   168                      634
land &amp; residential                                     5                 3                 3                5                3                21                 -               40                  .2                    18                       22
lodging                                                   48         -                                                          46                66                55              222                 1.2                     5                      217
medical office                                            37         -                        42                1               21                97                75              273                 1.5                    27                      246
multifamily                                            1,237               552             1,271            1,272            2,707             1,370               444            8,853                48.5                 2,389                    6,464
office                                                   142         -                       153               76              118               285                50              824                 4.5                     -                      824
retail                                                   213                 6                84              183              102               297               213            1,098                 6.0                    75                    1,023
self storage                                              62         -                        45               15               72                32               171              397                 2.2                     4                      393
senior housing                                           124                22               143               88               65               120               213              775                 4.2                   126                      649
skilled nursing                                            -         -                         -               66                -               202               215              483                 2.6                     -                      483
student housing                                            -         -                         -               27              158                 -                 -              185                 1.0                    59                      126
other                                                      1                12                 8               35               37                67               160              320                 1.8                     -                      320
total nonowner-occupied                                1,930               619             1,832            1,885            3,559             2,853             1,780           14,458                79.2                 2,871                   11,587
owner-occupied                                         1,141                 1               414              720              167             1,352                 -            3,795                20.8                   195                    3,600
total                                                 $3,071         $620                 $2,246           $2,605           $3,726            $4,205            $1,780          $18,253               100.0       %        $3,066                  $15,187
nonowner-occupied:
nonperforming loans                                       $1         $-                      $46               $1               $9                $5               $38             $100                         n/m            $-                     $100
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                    1         -                         -                6                -                 3                 -               10                         n/m             -                       10
accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days                 3         -                        12                -                7                 7                 -               29                         n/m             -                       29
december 31, 2022
nonowner-occupied:
diversified                                               $9         $-                       $-               $4               $-               $24              $231             $268                 1.4       %            $-                     $268
industrial                                                75                25               101              135              220               284                52              892                 4.7                   203                      689
land &amp; residential                                     1                 3                 3                3                3                24                 -               37                  .2                    15                       22
lodging                                                   58         -                        10                4               20                72                41              205                 1.1                    22                      183
medical office                                            47         -                        43                9               19                98                25              241                 1.3                    64                      177
multifamily                                            1,083               533             1,388            1,264            2,813             1,370               438            8,889                47.1                 1,705                    7,184
office                                                   189                 1               173              113              128               300                95              999                 5.3                     -                      999
retail                                                   282                35               112              183               69               395               235            1,311                 6.9                   106                    1,205
self storage                                              85                13                50               20               79                37               202              486                 2.6                     4                      482
senior housing                                           150                57               144               76              118               120               235              900                 4.8                   194                      706
skilled nursing                                            -         -                         -               52                -               239               143              434                 2.3                     -                      434
student housing                                            -         -                         -               53              199                13                 -              265                 1.4                    39                      226
other                                                     24                 4                 9               79               42                83               195              436                 2.3                     2                      434
total nonowner-occupied                                2,003               671             2,033            1,995            3,710             3,059             1,892           15,363                81.4                 2,354                   13,009
owner-occupied                                         1,149                 5               364              580              128             1,293                 -            3,519                18.6                   176                    3,343
total                                                 $3,152         $676                 $2,397           $2,575           $3,838            $4,352            $1,892          $18,882               100.0       %        $2,530                  $16,352
nonperforming loans                                       $-         $-                       $-               $2               $-                $7               $12              $21                         n/m            $-                      $21
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                    -         -                         -                -                -                 8                 -                8                         n/m             -                        8
accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days                 -         -                         1               11                -                 6                 -               18                         n/m             -                       18
west -            alaska, california, hawaii, idaho, montana, oregon, washington, and wyoming southwest -       arizona, nevada, and new mexico central -         arkansas, colorado, oklahoma, texas, and utah midwest -         illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, michigan, minnesota, missouri, nebraska, north dakota, ohio, south dakota, and wisconsin southeast -       alabama, delaware, florida, georgia, kentucky, louisiana, maryland, mississippi, north carolina, south carolina, tennessee, virginia, washington, d.c., and west virginia northeast -       connecticut, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, new jersey, new york, pennsylvania, rhode island, and vermont national -        accounts in three or more regions
64
table of contents consumer loan portfolio consumer loans outstanding at december 31, 2023, totaled $35.0 billion, a decrease of $1.9 billion, or 5.2%, from one year ago. this decrease reflects lower residential and consumer direct loans.
the residential mortgage portfolio is comprised of loans originated by our consumer bank and is the largest segment of our consumer loan portfolio as of december 31, 2023, representing approximately 60% of consumer loans. this is followed by our home equity portfolio comprising approximately 20% of consumer loans outstanding at year end.
we held the first lien position for approximately 64% of the home equity portfolio at december 31, 2023, and 66% at december 31, 2022. for loans with real estate collateral, we track borrower performance monthly. regardless of the lien position, credit metrics are refreshed quarterly, including recent fico scores as well as updated loan-to-value ratios. this information is used in establishing the alll. our methodology is described in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "allowance for loan and lease losses."
figure 11 presents our consumer loans by geography.
figure 11. consumer loans by state dollars in millions             real estate - residential mortgage       home equity loans         consumer direct loans         credit cards       consumer indirect loans           total december 31, 2023
washington                                    $4,520                        $1,020                        $226                     $88                         $1                $5,855
ohio                                           2,704                         1,029                         250                     203                          1                 4,187
new york                                         805                         1,993                         774                     347                          1                 3,920
colorado                                       3,001                           277                         149                      32                          -                 3,459
california                                     2,294                            14                         496                                                                    2,811
oregon                                         1,269                           585                         108                      43                          -                 2,005
pennsylvania                                     445                           517                         377                      63                          2                 1,404
florida                                          782                            42                         412                      14                          4                 1,254
utah                                             851                           252                          64                      18                          -                 1,185
connecticut                                      765                           255                         112                      29                          1                 1,162
other                                          3,522                         1,155                       2,922                     162                         12                 7,773
total                                        $20,958                        $7,139                      $5,890                  $1,002                        $26               $35,015
december 31, 2022
washington                                    $4,621                        $1,100                        $253                     $87                         $2                $6,063
ohio                                           2,766                         1,173                         347                     214                          5                 4,505
new york                                         840                         2,256                         770                     359                          1                 4,226
colorado                                       3,006                           301                         171                      32                          -                 3,510
california                                     2,357                            16                         538                       4                          6                 2,921
oregon                                         1,268                           630                         117                      43                          -                 2,058
pennsylvania                                     459                           580                         403                      61                          3                 1,506
florida                                          851                            45                         453                      14                          6                 1,369
texas                                            336                             3                         397                       4                          3                   743
illinois                                         134                             3                         212                       2                          1                   352
other                                          4,763                         1,844                       2,847                     206                         16                 9,676
total                                        $21,401                        $7,951                      $6,508                  $1,026                        $43               $36,929
65
table of contents loan sales as shown in figure 12, during 2023, we sold $8.9 billion of our loans. sales of loans classified as held for sale generated net gains of $135 million during 2023.
figure 12 summarizes our loan sales during 2023 and 2022.
figure 12. loans sold (including loans held for sale)
dollars in millions             commercial         commercialreal estate         commercialleasefinancing        residentialreal estate           total
2023
fourth quarter                   $35                    $1,735                             $21                           $339                $2,130
third quarter                     85                     2,861                              49                            345                 3,340
second quarter                   118                     1,431                              28                            283                 1,860
first quarter                    125                     1,121                             164                            135                 1,545
total                           $362                    $7,148                            $262                         $1,103                $8,875
2022
fourth quarter                   $33                    $2,774                            $114                           $235                $3,156
third quarter                    211                     1,882                              43                            353                 2,489
second quarter                    41                     1,851                             150                            496                 2,538
first quarter                  1,469                     1,909                              39                            901                 4,318
total                         $1,754                    $8,416                            $346                         $1,985               $12,501
figure 13 shows loans that are either administered or serviced by us but not recorded on the balance sheet; this includes loans that were sold.
figure 13. loans administered or serviced december 31,dollars in millions                   2023              2022              2021              2020              2019
commercial real estate loans              $499,449          $488,478          $444,131          $371,016          $347,186
residential mortgage                        11,193            11,026            10,312             8,311             6,146
education loans                                248               312               415               516               625
commercial lease financing                   1,946             1,646             1,236             1,359             1,047
commercial loans                               667               723               750               684               591
consumer direct                                408               509               699             1,711             2,243
consumer indirect                              792             1,536             2,714                 -                 -
total                                     $514,703          $504,230          $460,257          $383,597          $357,838
in the event of default by a borrower, we are subject to recourse with respect to approximately $7.5 billion of the $514.7 billion of loans administered or serviced at december 31, 2023. these are primarily associated with commercial real estate loans administered or serviced. additional information about this recourse arrangement is included in note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") under the heading "recourse agreement with fnma."
we derive income from several sources when retaining the right to administer or service loans that are sold. we earn noninterest income (recorded as "consumer mortgage income" and "commercial mortgage servicing fees") from fees for servicing or administering loans. this fee income is reduced by the amortization of related servicing assets. in addition, we earn interest income from investing funds generated by escrow deposits collected in connection with the servicing loans. additional information about our mortgage servicing assets is included in note 9 ("mortgage servicing assets").
66
table of contents maturities and sensitivity of certain loans to changes in interest rates figure 14 shows the remaining maturities of our loan portfolio and the sensitivity of certain loans to changes in interest rates as of december 31, 2023.
figure 14. remaining maturities and sensitivity of certain loans to changes in interest rates(a)
december 31, 2023
dollars in millions                                               within one year        one - five years       five - fifteen years         over fifteen years             total commercial commercial and industrial                                         $13,086                 $37,501                    $5,058                       $170                $55,815
commercial mortgage                                                 5,261                   6,553                     3,025                        348                 15,187
real estate - construction                                          1,283                   1,299                       135                        349                  3,066
commercial lease financing                                            388                   1,857                     1,278                          -                  3,523
total commercial loans                                            $20,018                 $47,210                    $9,496                       $867                $77,591
consumer real estate - residential mortgage                                   $180                     $40                      $769                    $19,969                $20,958
home equity loans                                                      96                     250                     2,135                      4,658                  7,139
consumer direct loans                                                 497                     946                     2,395                      2,052                  5,890
credit cards                                                        1,002                       -                         -                          -                  1,002
consumer indirect loans                                                 -                      20                         5                          1                     26
total consumer loans                                                1,775                   1,256                     5,304                     26,680                 35,015
total loans                                                       $21,793                 $48,466                   $14,800                    $27,547               $112,606
loans with floating or adjustable interest rates (b)                                      $41,916                    $4,428                    $13,153                $59,497
loans with predetermined interest rates (c)                                                 6,550                    10,372                     14,394                 31,316
total                                                                                     $48,466                   $14,800                    $27,547                $90,813
(a)accrued interest of $522 million at december 31, 2023, is presented in "accrued income and other assets" on the consolidated balance sheets and is excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in this table.
(b)floating and adjustable rates vary in relation to other interest rates (such as the base lending rate) or a variable index that may change during the term of the loan.
(c)predetermined interest rates either are fixed or may change during the term of the loan according to a specific formula or schedule.
securities our securities portfolio is constructed to help manage overall interest rate risk and provide a source of liquidity, including holding securities used to accommodate pledging requirements. our securities portfolio totaled $45.8 billion at december 31, 2023, compared to $47.8 billion at december 31, 2022. available-for-sale securities were $37.2 billion at december 31, 2023, compared to $39.1 billion at december 31, 2022. held-to-maturity securities were $8.6 billion at december 31, 2023, compared to $8.7 billion at december 31, 2022.
as shown in figure 15, all of our mortgage-backed securities, which include both securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities, are issued by government-sponsored enterprises or gnma, and are traded in liquid secondary markets. these securities are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value for the available-for-sale portfolio and at cost for the held-to-maturity portfolio. for more information about these securities, see note 6 ("fair value measurements") under the heading "qualitative disclosures of valuation techniques," and note 7 ("securities").
figure 15. mortgage-backed securities by issuer december 31,dollars in millions                 2023            2022
fhlmc &amp; fnma                         $24,302         $25,371
gnma                                      11,665          11,620
total (a)                                $35,967         $36,991
(a)includes securities held in the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios.
table of contents securities available for sale the majority of our securities available-for-sale portfolio consists of federal agency cmos and mortgage-backed securities. cmos are debt securities secured by a pool of mortgages or mortgage-backed securities. these mortgage securities generate interest income, serve as collateral to support certain pledging agreements, and provide liquidity value under regulatory requirements.
we periodically evaluate our securities available-for-sale portfolio in light of established a/lm objectives, changing market conditions that could affect the profitability of the portfolio, the regulatory environment, and the level of interest rate risk to which we are exposed. these evaluations may cause us to take steps to adjust our overall balance sheet positioning.
in addition, the size and composition of our securities available-for-sale portfolio could vary with our needs for liquidity and the extent to which we are required (or elect) to hold these assets as collateral to secure public funds and trust deposits. although we generally use debt securities for this purpose, other assets, such as securities purchased under resale agreements or letters of credit, are used occasionally when they provide a lower cost of collateral or more favorable risk profiles.
our investing activities continue to complement other balance sheet developments and provide for our ongoing liquidity management needs. our actions to not reinvest the monthly security cash flows at various times served to provide the liquidity necessary to address our funding requirements. these funding requirements included periodic loan growth and occasional debt maturities. at other times, we may make additional investments that go beyond the replacement of maturities or mortgage security cash flows as our liquidity position and/or interest rate risk management strategies may require. lastly, our focus on investing in high quality liquid assets, including gnma-related securities, is related to liquidity management strategies to satisfy regulatory requirements.
figure 16 shows the composition, te yields, and remaining maturities of our securities available for sale. for more information about these securities, including gross unrealized gains and losses by type of security and securities pledged, see note 7 ("securities").
table of contents figure 16. securities available for sale dollars in millions                     u.s. treasury, agencies, and corporations                  agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations(a)        agency residential mortgage-backed securities(a),(b)       agency commercial mortgage-backed securities(a)                      total        weighted-average yield(b)
december 31, 2023
remaining maturity:
one year or less                                           $7,711                                                                  $29                                                            $1                                                     $72                                 $7,813                        0.50          %
after one through five years                                1,090                                                                1,653                                                         2,303                                                   2,633                                  7,679                        2.44
after five through ten years                                  117                                                                8,949                                                           830                                                   5,372                                 15,268                        2.06
after ten years                                               108                                                                4,847                                                           455                                                   1,015                                  6,425                        1.78
fair value                                                 $9,026                                                              $15,478                                                        $3,589                                                  $9,092                                $37,185                           -
amortized cost                                              9,300                                                               18,911                                                         4,189                                                  10,295                                 42,695                        1.79          %
weighted-average yield (b)                                   0.83               %                                                 1.79                     %                                    1.62                   %                                2.70                 %                 1.79     %                     -
weighted-average maturity                                               1.1 years                                                                  9.0 years                                                   5.9 years                                             6.8 years                  6.4 years                     -
december 31, 2022
fair value                                                 $9,415                                                              $16,433                                                        $3,920                                                  $9,349                                $39,117                           -          %
amortized cost                                             10,044                                                               20,180                                                         4,616                                                  10,712                                 45,552                        1.67
(a)maturity is based upon expected average lives rather than contractual terms.
(b)weighted-average yields are calculated based on amortized cost. such yields have been adjusted to a te basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year.
held-to-maturity securities the majority of our held-to-maturity portfolio consists of federal agency cmos and mortgage-backed securities. the portfolio is also comprised of asset-backed securities and foreign bonds. figure 17 shows the composition, yields, and remaining maturities of these securities.
figure 17. held-to-maturity securities dollars in millions                                agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations(a)         agency residential mortgage-backed securities(a)       agency commercial mortgage-backed securities(a)       asset-backed securities             other                      total                 weighted-average yield(b)
securities december 31, 2023
remaining maturity:
one year or less                                                                   $14                                                          $-                                                     $4                                  $733                    $4                       $755                                 2.11          %
after one through five years                                                     1,446                                                         112                                                  2,155                                     2                    25                      3,740                                 3.34
after five through ten years                                                     2,562                                                           8                                                    278                                     3                     -                      2,851                                 3.72
after ten years                                                                  1,148                                                          45                                                     36                                     -                     -                      1,229                                 4.26
amortized cost                                                                  $5,170                                                        $165                                                 $2,473                                  $738                   $29                     $8,575                                 3.49          %
fair value                                                                       4,896                                                         152                                                  2,270                                   709                    29                      8,056                                    -
weighted-average yield(b)           3.82                                                                   %                                  2.81                  %                                3.26                 %                2.09         %        4.09     %                 3.49     %                              -
weighted-average maturity                                                                          7.5 years                                                7.3 years                                             4.0 years                      .6 years         2.5 years                  5.9 years                              -
december 31, 2022
amortized cost                                                                  $4,586                                                        $181                                                 $2,522                                $1,407                   $14                     $8,710                                 3.18          %
fair value                                                                       4,308                                                         165                                                  2,315                                 1,311                    14                      8,113                                    -
(a)maturity is based upon expected average lives rather than contractual terms.
(b)weighted-average yields are calculated based on amortized cost. such yields have been adjusted to a te basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year.
table of contents deposits and other sources of funds figure 18. breakdown of deposits at december 31, 2023
the following presents the breakdown of our deposits by product for the noted periods.
december 31, dollars in billions                          2023            2022
money market deposits                   $37.0           $34.6
demand deposits                          57.7            52.1
savings deposits                          5.4             7.7
time deposits                            14.8             7.4
noninterest bearing deposits             30.7            40.8
total                                  $145.6          $142.6
our highly diversified deposit base is our primary source of funding. at december 31, 2023, our deposits totaled $145.6 billion, an increase of $3.0 billion, compared to december 31, 2022. the increase reflects our durable relationship-based business model, in addition to changing client behavior as a result of higher interest rates.
uninsured deposits totaled $61.5 billion and $67.1 billion at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively. uninsured deposits are defined as the portion of deposit accounts in u.s. offices that exceed the fdic insurance limit or similar state deposit insurance regimes and amounts in any other uninsured investment or deposit accounts that are classified as deposits and not subject to any federal or state deposit insurance regimes.
figure 19 presents estimated uninsured deposits for the noted periods which reflect amounts disclosed in keybank's call report adjusted for intercompany deposits, which are not customer facing and are eliminated in consolidation, and accrued interest.
table of contents figure 19. estimated uninsured deposits december 31, dollars in billions                                                                           2023                      2022
uninsured deposits(a)                                                                    $61.5                     $67.1
total deposits                                                                           145.6                     142.6
uninsured % of deposits                                                                     42   %                    47   %
(a) intercompany deposits and accrued interest excluded from uninsured deposits           $9.5                      $8.4
as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, approximately $13.1 billion and $11.6 billion, respectively, of uninsured deposits were collateralized by government-backed securities.
figure 20 presents the maturity distribution of estimated uninsured time deposits.
figure 20. maturity distribution of uninsured time deposit amounts december 31, dollars in millions                             2023          2022
remaining maturity:
three months or less                        $480           $32
after three through six months               324            78
after six through twelve months              353            82
after twelve months                           52            97
total                                     $1,209          $289
wholesale funds, consisting of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, totaled $22.6 billion at december 31, 2023, compared to $28.8 billion at december 31, 2022. the decrease reflects our balance sheet optimization efforts, which reduced our need for wholesale borrowings. for more information regarding our wholesale funds, see item 7. management's discussion & analysis of financial condition & results of operations under the heading "risk management - liquidity risk management" of this report.
capital our capital management objective is to maintain capital levels consistent with our risk appetite and of a sufficient amount to operate under a wide range of economic conditions. our current capital levels position us well to execute against our capital priorities including supporting organic growth and paying dividends.
the following sections discuss certain ways we have deployed our capital. for further information, see the consolidated statements of changes in equity and note 24 ("shareholders' equity").
(a)common share repurchases were suspended during the second quarter of 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic and resumed in the first quarter of 2021.
dividends consistent with our capital plans, the board declared a quarterly dividend of $.205 per common share for each of the four quarters of 2023. these quarterly dividend payments brought our annual dividend to $.82 per common share for 2023.
71
table of contents common shares outstanding our common shares are traded on the nyse under the symbol key with 28,577 holders of record at december 31, 2023. our book value per common share was $13.02 based on 936.6 million shares outstanding at december 31, 2023, compared to $11.79 based on 933.3 million shares outstanding at december 31, 2022. at december 31, 2023, our tangible book value per common share was $10.02, compared to $8.75 at december 31, 2022.
figure 21 shows activities that caused the change in our outstanding common shares over the past two years.
figure 21. changes in common shares outstanding
2023 quarters in thousands                                                                                    2023           fourth           third           second           first            2022
shares outstanding at beginning of period                                                933,325         936,161          935,733         935,229          933,325         928,850
open market repurchases and return of shares under employee compensation plans           (4,383)             (2)             (10)            (38)          (4,333)         (1,736)
shares issued under employee compensation plans (net of cancellations)                     7,622             405              438             542            6,237           6,211
shares outstanding at end of period                                                      936,564         936,564          936,161         935,733          935,229         933,325
during 2023, common shares outstanding increased by 3.2 million shares, primarily driven by issuances under employee compensation plans. for more information on share repurchases activity, see note 24 ("shareholders' equity").
at december 31, 2023, we had 320.1 million treasury shares, compared to 323.4 million treasury shares at december 31, 2022. going forward, we expect to reissue treasury shares as needed in connection with stock-based compensation awards and for other corporate purposes.
capital adequacy capital adequacy is an important indicator of financial stability and performance. all of our capital ratios remained in excess of regulatory requirements at december 31, 2023. our capital and liquidity levels are intended to position us to weather an adverse operating environment while continuing to serve our clients' needs, as well as to meet the regulatory capital rules described in the "supervision and regulation" section of item 1 of this report. our shareholders' equity to assets ratio was 7.8% at december 31, 2023, compared to 7.1% at december 31, 2022. our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 5.1% at december 31, 2023, compared to 4.4% at december 31, 2022. the minimum capital and leverage ratios under the regulatory capital rules together with the estimated ratios of keycorp at december 31, 2023, calculated on a fully phased-in basis, are set forth under the heading "basel iii" in the "supervision and regulation" section in item 1 of this report.
figure 22 represents the details of our regulatory capital positions at december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022, under the regulatory capital rules. information regarding the regulatory capital ratios of keycorp's banking subsidiaries is presented in note 24 ("shareholders' equity").
72
table of contents figure 22. capital components and risk-weighted assets december 31, dollars in millions                                                                                                                                    2023              2022
common equity tier 1
key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                                                                              $14,637           $13,454
less:                                              preferred stock (a)                                                                                         2,446             2,446
add:                                               cecl phase-in (b)                                                                                             118               178
common equity tier 1 capital before adjustments and deductions                                             12,309            11,186
less:                                              goodwill, net of deferred taxes                                                                             2,594             2,612
intangible assets, net of deferred taxes                                                                       49                88
deferred tax assets                                                                                             1                 1
net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of deferred taxes                     (4,296)           (4,857)
accumulated gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of deferred taxes                                       (656)           (1,160)
amounts in aoci attributed to pension and postretirement benefit costs, net of deferred taxes               (277)             (277)
total common equity tier 1 capital                                                                         14,894            14,779
tier 1 capital common equity tier 1                                                                                                                                          14,894            14,779
additional tier 1 capital instruments and related surplus                                                                                                      2,446             2,446
less:                                              deductions                                                                                                      -                 -
total tier 1 capital                                                                                       17,340            17,225
tier 2 capital tier 2 capital instruments and related surplus                                                                                                                 2,020             2,200
allowance for losses on loans and liability for losses on lending-related commitments (c)                                                                      1,668             1,351
less:                                              deductions                                                                                                      -                 -
total tier 2 capital                                                                                        3,688             3,551
total risk-based capital                                                                                  $21,028           $20,776
risk-weighted assets risk-weighted assets on balance sheet                                                                                                                       $115,861          $125,900
risk-weighted off-balance sheet exposure                                                                                                                      31,555            35,745
market risk-equivalent assets                                                                                                                                  1,159               826
gross risk-weighted assets                                                                                148,575           162,471
less:                                              excess allowance for loan and lease losses                                                                      -                 -
net risk-weighted assets                                                                                 $148,575          $162,471
average quarterly total assets                                                                                                                              $191,948          $193,986
capital ratios tier 1 risk-based capital                                                                                                                                      11.67   %         10.60   %
total risk-based capital                                                                                                                                       14.15             12.79
leverage (d)                                                                                                                                                    9.03              8.88
common equity tier 1                                                                                                                                           10.02              9.10
(a)net of capital surplus.
(b)amount reflects our decision to adopt the cecl transitional provision.
(c)the alll included in tier 2 capital is limited by regulation to 1.25% of the institution's standardized total risk-weighted assets (excluding its standardized market risk-weighted assets). the alll includes $16 million and $21 million of allowance classified as "discontinued assets" on the balance sheet at december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022, respectively.
(d)this ratio is tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly total assets as defined by the federal reserve less: (i) goodwill, (ii) the disallowed intangible and deferred tax assets, and (iii) other deductions from assets for leverage capital purposes.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements we are party to various types of off-balance sheet arrangements, which could lead to contingent liabilities or risks of loss that are not reflected on the balance sheet.
variable interest entities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for consolidations, we consolidate a vie if we have: (i) a variable interest in the entity; (ii) the power to direct activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (iii) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the vie (i.e., we are considered to be the primary beneficiary). additional information regarding the nature of vies and our involvement with them is included in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "principles of consolidation and basis of presentation" and in note 13 ("variable interest entities").
table of contents commitments to extend credit or funding loan commitments provide for financing on predetermined terms as long as the client continues to meet specified criteria. these commitments generally carry variable rates of interest and have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. we typically charge a fee for our loan commitments. since a commitment may expire without resulting in a loan or being fully utilized, the total amount of an outstanding commitment may significantly exceed any related cash outlay. further information about our loan commitments at december 31, 2023, is presented in note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") under the heading "commitments to extend credit or funding."
other off-balance sheet arrangements other off-balance sheet arrangements include financial instruments that do not meet the definition of a guarantee in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, and other relationships, such as liquidity support provided to asset-backed commercial paper conduits, indemnification agreements and intercompany guarantees. information about such arrangements is provided in note 22 under the heading "other off-balance sheet risk."
guarantees we are a guarantor in various agreements with third parties. as guarantor, we may be contingently liable to make payments to the guaranteed party based on changes in a specified interest rate, foreign exchange rate or other variable (including the occurrence or nonoccurrence of a specified event). these variables, known as underlyings, may be related to an asset or liability, or another entity's failure to perform under a contract. additional information regarding these types of arrangements is presented in note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") under the heading "guarantees."
risk management overview like all financial services companies, we engage in business activities and assume the related risks. the most significant risks we face are credit, compliance, operational, liquidity, market, reputation, strategic, and model risks. our risk management activities are shown in the following chart, and we manage such risks across the entire enterprise to maintain safety and soundness and maximize profitability. certain of these risks are defined and discussed in greater detail in the remainder of this section.
federal banking regulators continue to emphasize with financial institutions the importance of relating capital management strategy to the level of risk at each institution. we believe our internal risk management processes help us achieve and maintain capital levels that are commensurate with our business activities and risks, and table of contents conform to regulatory expectations. the table below depicts our risk management hierarchy and associated responsibilities and activities of each group.
table of contents group                                        overview and responsibilities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    activities board of directors                           -oversight capacity-oversees that key's risks are managed in a manner that is effective and balanced-fiduciary duty to key's shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        -understands key's risk philosophy-approves the risk appetite-inquires about risk practices-reviews the portfolio of risks-compares the actual risks to the risk appetite-is apprised of significant risks, both actual and emerging, and determines whether management is responding appropriately-challenges management and promotes accountability board of directors audit committee (a)       -oversight of financial statement integrity, regulatory and legal requirements, independent auditors' qualifications and independence, and the performance of the internal audit function and independent auditors-financial reporting, legal matters, and fraud risk                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            -meets with management and approves significant policies relating to the risk areas overseen by the audit committee-receives reports on enterprise risk-meets bi-monthly-convenes to discuss the content of our financial disclosures and quarterly earnings releases board of directors risk committee (a)        -assist the board in oversight of strategies, policies, procedures, and practices relating to the assessment and management of enterprise-wide risk, including credit, market, liquidity, model, operational, compliance, reputation, and strategic risks-assist the board in overseeing risks related to capital adequacy, capital planning, and capital actions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                -reviews and provides oversight of management's activities related to the enterprise-wide risk management framework, which includes an annual review of the erm policy, including the risk appetite statement, and management and erm reports-approves any material changes to the charter of the erm committee and significant policies relating to risk management, including corporate risk tolerances for major risk categories erm committee                                -chaired by the chief executive officer and comprising other senior level executives-manage risk and ensure that the corporate risk profile is managed in a manner consistent with our risk appetite-oversees the erm program, which encompasses our risk philosophy, policy, framework, and governance structure for the management of risks across the entire company                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -approves and manages the risk-adjusted capital framework we use to manage risks disclosure committee                         -includes representatives from each of the three lines of defense-meets quarterly to review recent internal and external events to determine whether all appropriate disclosures have been made in reports filed with the sec                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    -convenes quarterly to discuss the content of our 10-q and 10-k tier 2 risk governance committees            -include attendees from each of the three lines of defense-the first line of defense is the line of business primarily responsible to accept, own, proactively identify, monitor, and manage risk-the second line of defense comprises risk management representatives who provide independent, centralized oversight over all risk categories by aggregating, analyzing, and reporting risk information-risk review, our internal audit function, provides the third line of defense. its role is to provide independent assessment and testing of the effectiveness of, appropriateness of, and adherence to keycorp's risk management policies, practices, and controls       -supports the erm committee by identifying early warning events and trends, escalating emerging risks, and discussing forward-looking assessments chief risk officer                           -ensure that relevant risk information is properly integrated into strategic and business decisions-ensure appropriate ownership of risks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        -provides input into performance and compensation decisions-assesses aggregate enterprise risk-monitors capabilities to manage critical risks-executes appropriate board and stakeholder reporting
(a) the audit and risk committees meet jointly, as appropriate, to discuss matters that relate to each committee's responsibilities. committee chairpersons routinely meet with management during interim months to plan agendas for upcoming meetings and to discuss emerging trends and events that have transpired since the preceding meeting. all members of the board receive formal reports designed to keep them abreast of significant developments during the interim months.
market risk management market risk is the risk that movements in market risk factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, and volatilities will reduce key's income and the value of its portfolios. these factors influence prospective yields, values, or prices associated with the instrument. we are exposed to market risk both in our trading and nontrading activities, which include asset and liability management activities. our risk management activities are focused on ensuring that we properly identify, measure, and manage such risks across the entire enterprise to maintain safety and soundness, and to maximize profitability. information regarding our fair value policies, procedures, and methodologies is provided in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "fair value measurements" and note 6 ("fair value measurements") in this report.
table of contents trading market risk key incurs market risk as a result of trading activities that are used in support of client facilitation and hedging activities, principally within our investment banking and capital markets businesses. key has exposures to a wide range of risk factors including interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, and commodity prices, as well as the associated implied volatilities and spreads. our primary market risk exposures are a result of trading and hedging activities in the derivative and fixed income markets, including securitization exposures. at december 31, 2023, we did not have any re-securitization positions. we maintain modest trading inventories to facilitate customer flow, make markets in securities, and hedge certain risks including but not limited to credit risk and interest rate risk. the risks associated with these activities are mitigated in accordance with the market risk hedging policy. the majority of our positions are traded in active markets.
management of trading market risks. market risk management is an integral part of key's risk culture. the risk committee of our board provides oversight of trading market risks. the erm committee and the market risk committee regularly review and discuss market risk reports prepared by our mrm that contain our market risk exposures and results of monitoring activities. market risk policies and procedures have been defined and take into account our tolerance for risk and consideration for the business environment. the market risk committee approves market risk policies and recommends our significant market risk policy to the erm committee, the keybank board, and the risk committee of the board for approval.
the mrm, as the second line of defense, is an independent risk management function that partners with the lines of business to identify, measure, and monitor market risks throughout our company. the mrm is responsible for ensuring transparency of significant market risks, monitoring compliance with established limits, and escalating limit exceptions to appropriate senior management. the various business units and trading desks are responsible for ensuring that market risk exposures are well-managed and prudent. market risk is monitored through various measures, such as var, and through routine stress testing, sensitivity, and scenario analyses. the mrm conducts stress tests for each position using historical worst case and standard shock scenarios. var, stressed var, and other analyses are prepared daily and distributed to appropriate management.
covered positions. we monitor the market risk of our covered positions as defined in the market risk rule, which includes all of our trading positions as well as all foreign exchange and commodity positions, regardless of whether the position is in a trading account. key's covered positions may also include mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities that may be identified as securitization positions or re-securitization positions under the market risk rule. the mrm as well as the lob that trades securitization positions monitor the positions, the portfolio composition and the risks identified in this section on a daily basis consistent with the market risk policies and procedures. at december 31, 2023, covered positions did not include any re-securitization positions. instruments that are used to hedge nontrading activities, such as bank-issued debt and loan portfolios, equity positions that are not actively traded, and securities financing activities, do not meet the definition of a covered position. the mrm is responsible for identifying our portfolios as either covered or non-covered. the covered position working group develops the final list of covered positions, and a summary is provided to the market risk committee.
our significant portfolios of covered positions are detailed below. we analyze market risk by portfolios of covered positions and do not separately measure and monitor our portfolios by risk type. the descriptions below incorporate the respective risk types associated with each of these portfolios.
•fixed income includes those instruments associated with our capital markets business and the trading of securities as a dealer. these instruments may include positions in municipal bonds, bonds backed by the u.s. government, agency and corporate bonds, certain mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, securities issued by the u.s. treasury, money markets, and certain cmos. the activities and instruments within the fixed income portfolio create exposures to interest rate and credit spread risks.
•interest rate derivatives include interest rate swaps, caps, and floors, which are transacted primarily to accommodate the needs of commercial loan clients. in addition, we enter into interest rate derivatives to offset or mitigate the interest rate risk related to the client positions. the activities within this portfolio create exposures to interest rate risk.
var and stressed var. var is the estimate of the maximum amount of loss on an instrument or portfolio due to adverse market conditions during a given time interval within a stated confidence level. stressed var is used to assess extreme conditions on market risk within our trading portfolios. the mrm calculates var and stressed var table of contents on a daily basis, and the results are distributed to appropriate management. var and stressed var results are also provided to our regulators and utilized in regulatory capital calculations.
we use a historical simulation var model to measure the potential adverse effect of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and credit spreads on the fair value of our covered positions and other non-covered positions. we analyze market risk by portfolios and do not separately measure and monitor our portfolios by risk type. historical scenarios are customized for specific positions, and numerous risk factors are incorporated in the calculation. additional consideration is given to the risk factors to estimate the exposures that contain optionality features, such as options and cancellable provisions. var is calculated using daily observations over a one-year time horizon, and approximates a 95% confidence level. statistically, this means that we would expect to incur losses greater than var, on average, five out of 100 trading days, or three to four times each quarter. we also calculate var and stressed var at a 99% confidence level.
the var model is an effective tool in estimating ranges of possible gains and losses on our positions. however, there are limitations inherent in the var model since it uses historical results over a given time interval to estimate future performance. historical results may not be indicative of future results, and changes in the market or composition of our portfolios could have a significant impact on the accuracy of the var model. we regularly review and enhance the modeling techniques, inputs, and assumptions used. our market risk policy includes the independent validation of our var model by key's internal model validation group on an annual basis. the model risk committee oversees the model validation program, and results of validations are discussed with the erm committee.
actual losses for the total covered positions did not exceed aggregate daily var for any day during the quarters ended december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022. the mrm backtests our var model on a daily basis to evaluate its predictive power. the test compares var model results at the 99% confidence level to daily held profit and loss. results of back testing are provided to the market risk committee. backtesting exceptions occur when trading losses exceed var. we do not engage in correlation trading or utilize the internal model approach for measuring default and credit migration risk. our net var approach incorporates diversification, but our var calculation does not include the impact of counterparty risk and our own credit spreads on derivatives.
the aggregate var at the 99% confidence level with a one day holding period for all covered positions was $1.6 million at december 31, 2023, and $1.1 million at december 31, 2022. figure 23 summarizes our var at the 99% confidence level with a one day holding period for significant portfolios of covered positions for the three months ended december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022.
figure 23. var for significant portfolios of covered positions
2023                                                                                                     2022
three months ended december 31,                                                     three months ended december 31, dollars in millions           high              low               mean              december 31,                  high              low               mean              december 31, trading account assets:
fixed income                  $1.3              $.7               $1.1              $1.1                          $1.1              $.4               $.7               $.4
derivatives:
interest rate                 $.5               $.3               $.4               $.4                           $.7               $.2               $.3               $.6
stressed var is calculated by running the portfolios through a predetermined stress period which is approved by the market risk committee and is calculated at the 99% confidence level using the same model and assumptions used for general var. the aggregate stressed var for all covered positions was $4.0 million at december 31, 2023, and $1.9 million at december 31, 2022. figure 24 summarizes our stressed var at the 99% confidence level with a one day holding period for significant portfolios of covered positions for the three months ended december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022. the increase in stressed var is due to a change in the size and composition of our fixed income inventory.
table of contents figure 24. stressed var for significant portfolios of covered positions
2023                                                                                                     2022
three months ended december 31,                                                     three months ended december 31, dollars in millions           high              low               mean              december 31,                  high              low               mean              december 31, trading account assets:
fixed income                  $4.7              $1.9              $3.1              $3.6                          $2.4              $1.1              $1.6              $1.1
derivatives:
interest rate                 $.4               $.2               $.3               $.3                           $.7               $.2               $.3               $.6
internal capital adequacy assessment. market risk is a component of our internal capital adequacy assessment. our risk-weighted assets include a market risk-equivalent asset amount, which consists of a var component, stressed var component, a de minimis exposure amount, and a specific risk add-on including the securitization positions. the aggregate market value of the securitization positions as defined by the market risk rule was $6 million at december 31, 2023, all of which were mortgage-backed security positions. specific risk is the price risk of individual financial instruments, which is not accounted for by changes in broad market risk factors and is measured through a standardized approach. market risk weighted assets, including the specific risk calculations, are run quarterly by the mrm in accordance with the market risk rule, and approved by the chief market risk officer.
nontrading market risk most of our nontrading market risk is derived from interest rate fluctuations and its impacts on our traditional loan and deposit products, as well as investments, hedging relationships, long-term debt, and certain short-term borrowings. interest rate risk, which is inherent in the banking industry, is measured by the potential for fluctuations in net interest income and the eve. such fluctuations may result from changes in interest rates and differences in the repricing and maturity characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. we manage the exposure to changes in net interest income and the eve in accordance with our risk appetite and in accordance with the board approved erm policy.
interest rate risk positions are influenced by a number of factors, including the balance sheet positioning that arises out of customer preferences for loan and deposit products, economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, changes in market interest rates that affect client activity, and our hedging, investing, funding, and capital positions. the primary components of interest rate risk exposure consist of reprice risk, basis risk, yield curve risk, and option risk.
•"reprice risk" is the exposure to changes in the level of interest rates and occurs when the volume of interest-bearing liabilities and the volume of interest-earning assets they fund (e.g., deposits used to fund loans) do not mature or reprice at the same time.
•"basis risk" is the exposure to asymmetrical changes in interest rate indexes and occurs when floating-rate assets and floating-rate liabilities reprice at the same time, but in response to different market factors or indexes.
•"yield curve risk" is the exposure to non-parallel changes in the slope of the yield curve (where the yield curve depicts the relationship between the yield on a particular type of security and its term to maturity) and occurs when interest-bearing liabilities and the interest-earning assets that they fund do not price or reprice to the same term point on the yield curve.
•"option risk" is the exposure to a customer or counterparty's ability to take advantage of the interest rate environment and terminate or reprice one of our assets, liabilities, or off-balance sheet instruments prior to contractual maturity without a penalty. option risk occurs when exposures to customer and counterparty early withdrawals or prepayments are not mitigated with an offsetting position or appropriate compensation.
the management of nontrading market risk is centralized within corporate treasury. the risk committee of our board provides oversight of nontrading market risk. the erm committee, the alco, and the treasury risk oversight committee ("troc") review reports on the interest rate risk exposures described above. in addition, the alco reviews reports on stress tests and sensitivity analyses related to interest rate risk. these committees have various responsibilities related to managing nontrading market risk, including recommending, approving, and monitoring strategies that maintain risk positions within approved tolerance ranges. the a/lm policy provides the framework for the oversight and management of interest rate risk and is administered by the alco. the mrm, as the second line of defense, provides additional oversight.
table of contents libor transition key had successfully transitioned substantially all of it its products away from libor as of june 30, 2023. for most financial products, the most common alternative reference rates have been sofr-based benchmarks. this is true for both new originations and legacy libor contracts that were subject to amendment or a transition by their terms. we have also originated a small number of new loans using credit sensitive rates in a limited and managed fashion.
net interest income simulation analysis. the primary tool we use to measure our interest rate risk is simulation analysis. for purposes of this analysis, we estimate our net interest income based on the current and projected composition of our on- and off-balance sheet positions, accounting for recent and anticipated trends in customer activity. the analysis also incorporates assumptions for the current and projected interest rate environments and balance sheet growth projections based on a most likely macroeconomic view. the modeling incorporates investment portfolio and swap portfolio balances consistent with management's desired interest rate risk positioning. the simulation model estimates the amount of net interest income at risk by simulating the change in net interest income that would occur if rates were to gradually increase or decrease from current levels over the next 12 months (subject to a floor on market interest rates at zero).
figure 25 presents the results of the simulation analysis at december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022. at december 31, 2023, our simulated impact to changes in interest rates was moderate low. the exposure to declining rates has decreased as a result of the change in balance sheet mix compared to the december 31, 2022 analysis. tolerance levels for risk management require the development of remediation plans to maintain residual risk within tolerance if simulation modeling demonstrates that a gradual, parallel 200 basis point increase or 200 basis point decrease in interest rates over the next 12 months would adversely affect net interest income over the same period by more than 5.5%. current modeled exposure is within board approved tolerances. if a tolerance level is breached and determined inconsistent with risk appetite, the development of a remediation plan is required to reduce exposure back to within tolerance.
figure 25. simulated change in net interest income december 31, 2023                 december 31, 2022
basis point change assumption                         -200             +200             -200             +200
assumed floor in market rates (in basis points)       -                n/a              -                n/a rising rate beta                                      n/a              mid 50s          n/a              mid 40s tolerance level                                       (5.50)      %    (5.50)      %    (5.50)      %    (5.50)      %
interest rate risk assessment                         (0.01)      %    (2.08)      %    (1.66)      %    (2.61)      %
+200 nii at risk beta sensitivity                     december 31, 2023
beta assumption                                       mid 60s          low 60s          mid 50s          low 50s interest rate risk assessment                         (4.65)      %    (3.36)      %    (2.08)      %    (0.85)      %
simulation analysis produces a sophisticated estimate of interest rate exposure based on assumptions inputs within the model. assumptions are tailored to the specific interest rate environment and validated on a regular basis. however, actual results may differ from those derived in simulation analyses due to unanticipated changes to the balance sheet composition, customer behavior, product pricing, market interest rates, changes in management's desired interest rate risk positioning, investment, funding and hedging activities or repercussions from exogenous events.
regular stress tests and sensitivity analyses are performed on the model inputs that could materially change the resulting risk assessments. assessments are performed using different yield curve shapes, including steepenings or flattenings of the curve, immediate changes in market interest rates, and changes in the relationship of money market interest rates. assessments are also performed on changes to the following assumptions: loan and deposit balances, the pricing of deposits without contractual maturities, changes in lending spreads, prepayments on loans and securities, investment, funding and hedging activities, and liquidity and capital management strategies.
the results of additional assessments indicate that net interest income could increase or decrease from the base simulation results presented in figure 25. net interest income is highly dependent on the timing, magnitude, frequency, and path of interest rate changes and the associated assumptions for deposit repricing relationships, lending spreads, and the balance behavior of transaction accounts. if fixed rate assets increase by $1 billion, or fixed rate liabilities decrease by $1 billion, then the benefit to rising rates would decrease by approximately 29 basis points. if the interest-bearing liquid deposit beta assumption increases or decreases by 5% (e.g., 40% to 45%), then the benefit to rising rates would decrease or increase by approximately 123 basis points.
table of contents the current interest rate risk position could fluctuate to higher or lower levels of risk depending on the competitive environment and client behavior that may affect the actual volume, mix, maturity, and repricing characteristics of loan and deposit flows. corporate treasury discretionary activities related to funding, investing, and hedging may also change as a result of changes in customer business flows or changes in management's desired interest rate risk positioning. as changes occur to both the configuration of the balance sheet and the outlook for the economy, management proactively evaluates hedging opportunities that may change our interest rate risk profile.
simulations are also conducted that measure the effect of changes in market interest rates in the second and third years of a three-year horizon. these simulations are conducted in a similar manner to those based on a 12-month horizon. to capture longer-term exposures, changes in the eve are calculated as discussed in the following section.
economic value of equity modeling. eve complements net interest income simulation analysis as it estimates risk exposure beyond 12-, 24-, and 36-month horizons. eve modeling measures the extent to which the economic values of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuations in interest rates. eve is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates, measuring the resulting change in the values of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments, and comparing those amounts with the base case of the current interest rate environment. eve policy limits are measured against a +200 basis point/policy decline scenario. the resulting rate in the policy decline scenario is equal to the greater of the current fed funds target and zero. as of december 31, 2023, the policy decline scenario is minus 200 basis points. this analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. those assumptions are based on historical behaviors, as well as forward expectations. remediation plans are similarly developed if this analysis indicates that our eve will decrease by more than 15% in response to an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates. the position is within these guidelines as of december 31, 2023.
management of interest rate exposure. the results of the various interest rate risk analyses are used to formulate a/lm strategies to achieve the desired risk profile while managing to objectives for capital adequacy and liquidity risk exposures. specifically, risk positions are managed by purchasing securities, issuing term debt with floating or fixed interest rates, and using derivatives. interest rate swaps and options are predominantly used, which modify the interest rate characteristics of certain assets and liabilities.
figure 26 shows all swap positions held for a/lm purposes. these positions are used to convert the contractual interest rate index of agreed-upon amounts of assets and liabilities (i.e., notional amounts) to another interest rate index. for example, fixed-rate debt is converted to a floating rate through a "receive fixed/pay variable" interest rate swap. the volume, maturity, and mix of portfolio swaps change frequently to reflect broader a/lm objectives and the balance sheet positions to be hedged. for more information about how interest rate swaps are used to manage our risk profile, see note 8 ("derivatives and hedging activities").
figure 26. portfolio swaps and options by interest rate risk management strategy december 31, 2023
weighted-average                            december 31, 2022
dollars in millions                                         notional              fair                   maturity        receive         pay                  notional   fair amount             value                    (years)           rate        rate                    amount   value receive fixed/pay variable - conventional loans         $15,000             $(641)                            2.3       2.0    %     5.4   %              $28,450        $(1,503)
receive fixed/pay variable - conventional debt            8,976              (395)                            3.9       2.5          5.4                   10,995        (551)
receive fixed/pay variable - forward loans                4,000               (27)                            2.6       3.5          5.0                    1,300        (8)
receive fixed/pay variable - forward debt                 1,411               (40)                            6.6       3.1          5.3                        -        -
pay fixed/receive variable - conventional debt               50                  1                            4.5       5.6          3.6                       50   1
pay fixed/receive variable - securities                   8,655              (152)                            4.1       5.4          4.0                      405   48
total portfolio swaps                                   $38,092           $(1,254)             (a)            3.3       3.1    %     5.0   %              $41,200        $(2,013)           (a)
floors - forward purchased                               $3,250                $26                            2.1         -    %       -   %                   $-        $-
floors - forward sold                                     3,250               (11)                            2.1         -            -                        -        -
total floors                                             $6,500                $15                              -         -    %       -   %                   $-        $-
a.excludes accrued interest of $58 million and $62 million at december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022, respectively.
table of contents liquidity risk management liquidity risk, which is inherent in the banking industry, is measured by our ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund new business opportunities at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences. liquidity management involves maintaining sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned, as well as unanticipated, changes in assets and liabilities under both normal and adverse conditions.
governance structure we manage liquidity for all of our affiliates on an integrated basis. this approach considers the funding sources available to each entity, as well as each entity's capacity to manage through adverse conditions. the approach also recognizes that adverse market conditions or other events that could negatively affect the availability or cost of liquidity will affect the access of all affiliates to sufficient wholesale funding.
the management of consolidated liquidity risk is centralized within corporate treasury. oversight and governance is provided by the board, the erm committee, the alco, the troc, and the chief risk officer. the asset liability management policy provides the framework for the oversight and management of liquidity risk and is administered by the alco. the corporate treasury oversight group within the mrm, as the second line of defense, provides additional oversight. our current liquidity risk management practices are in compliance with the federal reserve board's enhanced prudential standards.
these committees regularly review liquidity and funding summaries, liquidity trends, peer comparisons, variance analyses, liquidity projections, internal liquidity stress tests, and goal tracking reports. the reviews generate a discussion of positions, trends, and directives on liquidity risk and shape a number of our decisions. when liquidity pressure is elevated, positions are monitored more closely and reporting is more intensive. to ensure that emerging issues are identified, we also communicate with individuals inside and outside of the company on a daily basis.
factors affecting liquidity our liquidity could be adversely affected by both direct and indirect events. an example of a direct event would be a downgrade in our public credit ratings by a rating agency. examples of indirect events (events unrelated to us) that could impair our access to liquidity would be an act of terrorism or war, natural disasters, global pandemics, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund, or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation, or rumors about us or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources.
during 2023, rating agencies reacted to the volatility in the banking industry by issuing updated ratings for numerous u.s. banks, including key. on august 21, 2023, standard & poor's downgraded keycorp's and keybank's long-term debt ratings from "bbb+" to "bbb", and from "a-" to "bbb+", respectively. on october 10, 2023, fitch ratings, inc. downgraded both keycorp and keybank's respective long-term debt ratings from "a-" to "bbb+" and, on october 20, 2023, moody's downgraded keycorp and keybank's long-term debt ratings from "baa1" to "baa2", and from "a3" to "baa1." the rationales for standard & poor's, fitch ratings, inc., and moody's downgrades are documented in their respective credit opinions and analyses.
our credit ratings at december 31, 2023, are shown in figure 27. while we believe these credit ratings, under normal conditions in the capital markets, will enable keycorp or keybank to issue fixed income securities to investors, downgrades in our credit ratings could increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us.
table of contents figure 27. credit ratings december 31, 2023                   short-term           long-term         senior            subordinated         capital           preferred borrowings           deposits(a)       long-term         long-term            securities        stock debt              debt keycorp (the parent company)
standard &amp; poor's               a-2                  n/a               bbb               bbb-                 bb                bb moody's                             p-2                  n/a               baa2              baa2                 baa3              ba1
fitch                               f2                   n/a               bbb+              n/a                  bb                bb dbrs                                r-1 (low)            n/a               a                 a (low)              a (low)           bbb keybank standard &amp; poor's               a-2                  n/a               bbb+              bbb                  n/a               n/a moody's                             p-2                  p-1/a2            baa1              baa2                 n/a               n/a fitch                               f2                   f2/a-             bbb+              bbb                  n/a               n/a dbrs                                r-1 (middle)         a (high)          a (high)          a                    n/a               n/a
(a)p-1 rating assigned by moody's is specific to keybank's short-term bank deposit ratings. f2 assigned by fitch ratings, inc. is specific to keybank's short-term deposit ratings.
managing liquidity risk most of our liquidity risk is derived from our business model, which involves taking in deposits, many of which can be withdrawn at any time, and lending them out in the form of illiquid loan assets. the assessments of liquidity risk are measured under the assumption of normal operating conditions as well as under stressed environments. we manage these exposures in accordance with our risk appetite, and within board-approved policy limits.
we regularly monitor our liquidity position and funding sources and measure our capacity to obtain funds in a variety of hypothetical scenarios in an effort to maintain an appropriate mix of available and affordable funding. in the normal course of business, we perform a monthly internal liquidity stress test for both keycorp and keybank. in a "heightened monitoring mode," we may conduct internal liquidity stress tests more frequently, and use assumptions to reflect the changed market environment. our testing incorporates estimates for loan and deposit lives based on our historical studies. internal liquidity stress tests analyze potential liquidity scenarios under various funding constraints and time periods. ultimately, they determine the periodic effects that major direct and indirect events would have on our access to funding markets and our ability to fund our normal operations. to compensate for the effect of these assumed liquidity pressures, we consider alternative sources of liquidity and maturities over different time periods to project how funding needs would be managed.
our primary source of funding for keybank are customer deposits resulting in a consolidated loan-to-deposit ratio of 78% as of december 31, 2023. if the cash flows needed to support operating and investing activities are not satisfied by deposit balances, we rely on wholesale funding or on-balance sheet liquid reserves. conversely, excess cash generated by operating, investing, and deposit-gathering activities may be used to repay outstanding debt or invest in liquid assets. we maintain a contingency funding plan that outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. as part of the plan, we maintain on-balance sheet liquid reserves referred to as our liquid asset portfolio, which consists of high quality liquid assets. during a problem period, that reserve could be used as a source of funding to provide time to develop and execute a longer-term strategy. figure 28 shows our available contingent liquidity at december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022. in 2023, our secured term borrowings decreased $1.5 billion from a reduction in fhlb borrowings.
figure 28. available contingent liquidity december 31, dollars in billions                                                                           2023          2022
available contingent liquidity:
unpledged securities                                                                      $7.5         $33.2
net balances of federal funds sold and balances in our federal reserve account            10.7           2.4
unused secured borrowing capacity at the federal reserve bank of cleveland                54.7          33.8
unused secured borrowing capacity at the fhlb                                             13.6           6.7
total                                                                                    $86.5         $76.1
table of contents long-term liquidity strategy our long-term liquidity strategy is to be predominantly funded by core deposits. however, we may use wholesale funds to sustain an adequate liquid asset portfolio, meet daily cash demands, and allow management flexibility to execute business initiatives. key's client-based relationship strategy provides for a strong core deposit base that, in conjunction with intermediate and long-term wholesale funds managed to a diversified maturity structure and investor base, supports our liquidity risk management strategy. we use the loan-to-deposit ratio as a metric to monitor these strategies. our target loan-to-deposit ratio is 90-100% (at december 31, 2023, our loan-to-deposit ratio was 77.9%), which we calculate as the sum of total loans, loans held for sale, and nonsecuritized discontinued loans divided by deposits.
liquidity programs we have several liquidity programs, which are described in note 20 ("long-term debt"), that are designed to enable keycorp and keybank to raise funds in the public and private debt markets. the proceeds from most of these programs can be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. these liquidity programs are reviewed from time to time by the board and are renewed and replaced as necessary. there are no restrictive financial covenants in any of these programs.
on january 26, 2023, keybank issued $500 million of 4.70% fixed rate senior bank notes due january 26, 2026 and $1 billion of 5.00% fixed rate senior bank notes due january 26, 2033. accordingly, at december 31, 2023, there was $15.5 billion available for issuance under the keybank bank note program.
liquidity for keycorp the primary source of liquidity for keycorp is from subsidiary dividends, primarily from keybank. keycorp has sufficient liquidity when it can service its debt; support customary corporate operations and activities (including acquisitions); support occasional guarantees of subsidiaries' obligations in transactions with third parties at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences; and fund capital distributions in the form of dividends and share buybacks.
we use a parent cash coverage months metric as the primary measure to assess parent company liquidity. the parent cash coverage months metric measures the number of months into the future where projected obligations can be met with the current quantity of liquidity. we generally issue term debt to supplement dividends from keybank to manage our liquidity position at or above our targeted levels. the parent company generally maintains cash and short-term investments in an amount sufficient to meet projected debt maturities over at least the next 24 months. at december 31, 2023, keycorp held $2.7 billion in cash and short-term investments, which we projected to be sufficient to meet our projected obligations, including the repayment of our maturing debt obligations for the periods prescribed by our risk tolerance.
typically, keycorp meets its liquidity requirements through regular dividends from keybank, supplemented with term debt. federal banking law limits the amount of capital distributions that a bank can make to its holding company without prior regulatory approval. a national bank's dividend-paying capacity is affected by several factors, including net profits (as defined by statute) for the two previous calendar years and for the current year, up to the date of dividend declaration. during 2023, keybank paid $675 million in cash dividends to keycorp, and during the fourth quarter of 2023, keybank paid $150 million cash dividends to keycorp. at january 1, 2024, keybank had regulatory capacity to pay $2.3 billion in dividends to keycorp without prior regulatory approval. keycorp had no debt issuances during 2023.
our liquidity position and recent activity over the past 12 months, our liquid asset portfolio, which includes overnight and short-term investments, as well as unencumbered, high quality liquid securities held as protection against a range of potential liquidity stress scenarios, has increased primarily due to an increase in key's cash position. the liquid asset portfolio continues to exceed the amount that we estimate would be necessary to manage through an adverse liquidity event by providing sufficient time to develop and execute a longer-term solution.
from time to time, keycorp or keybank may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange outstanding debt, capital securities, preferred shares, or common shares through cash purchase, privately negotiated transactions or other table of contents means. during the third quarter of 2023, key repurchased $92.3 million of keybank senior debt consisting of $13.1 million of 3.30% senior unsecured debt due june 1, 2025, $64.7 million of 4.15% senior unsecured debt due august 8, 2025, and $14.5 million of 4.70% senior unsecured debt due january 26, 2026. additional information on repurchases of common shares by keycorp is included in part ii, item 5. market for the registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities of this report. such transactions depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity and capital requirements, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements, and other factors. the amounts involved may be material, individually or collectively.
the consolidated statements of cash flows summarize our sources and uses of cash by type of activity for the years ended december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022.
credit risk management credit risk is the risk of loss arising from an obligor's inability or failure to meet contractual payment or performance terms. like other financial services institutions, we make loans, extend credit, distribute credit risk, purchase securities, provide financial and payments products, and enter into financial derivative contracts, all of which have related credit risk.
credit policy, approval, and evaluation we manage credit risk exposure through a multifaceted program. the credit risk committee approves management credit policies and recommends significant credit policies to the enterprise risk management committee, the keybank board, and the risk committee of the board for approval. these policies are communicated throughout the organization to foster a consistent approach to granting credit.
our credit risk management team and certain individuals within our lines of business, to whom credit risk management has delegated limited credit authority, are responsible for credit approval. individuals with assigned credit authority are authorized to grant exceptions to credit policies. it is not unusual to make exceptions to established policies when mitigating circumstances dictate, however, a corporate level tolerance has been established to keep exceptions at an acceptable level based upon portfolio and economic considerations.
our credit risk management team uses risk models to evaluate consumer loans. these models, known as scorecards, forecast the probability of serious delinquency and default for an applicant. the scorecards are embedded in the application processing system, which allows for real-time scoring and automated decisions for many of our products. we periodically validate the loan scoring processes.
we maintain an active concentration management program to mitigate concentration risk in our credit portfolios. for individual obligors, we employ a sliding scale of exposure, known as hold limits, which is dictated by the type of loan and strength of the borrower.
allowance for loan and lease losses table of contents we estimate the appropriate level of the alll on at least a quarterly basis. the methodology used is described in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the heading "allowance for loan and lease losses." briefly, the alll estimate uses various models and estimation techniques based on our historical loss experience, current borrower characteristics, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts and other relevant factors. the alll at december 31, 2023, represents our best estimate of the lifetime expected credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at that date. for more information, see note 5 ("asset quality").
as shown in figure 29, our alll from continuing operations increased by $171 million, or 12.8%, from december 31, 2022. the commercial alll increased by $196 million, or 22.7%, from december 31, 2022, driven by portfolio migration and changes in the economic outlook, including the impact from higher interest rates and lower commercial real estate values, partly offset by balance sheet reductions. the consumer alll decreased $25 million, or 5.3%, from december 31, 2022, largely driven by changes in the economic forecasts, including improved home price values.
figure 29. allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2022
december 31,dollars in millions               totalallowance         percent ofallowanceto totalallowance       percent ofloan typeto totalloans                totalallowance         percent ofallowanceto totalallowance       percent ofloan typeto totalloans commercial and industrial                        $556                                 36.9              %                      49.6            %                   $601                                 45.0              %                      50.0            %
commercial real estate:
commercial mortgage                               419                                 27.8                                     13.5                                 203                                 15.2                                     13.7
construction                                       52                                  3.4                                      2.7                                  28                                  2.1                                      2.1
total commercial real estate loans                471                                 31.2                                     16.2                                 231                                 17.3                                     15.8
commercial lease financing                         33                                  2.2                                      3.1                                  32                                  2.4                                      3.3
total commercial loans                          1,060                                 70.3                                     68.9                                 864                                 64.7                                     69.1
real estate - residential mortgage                162                                 10.7                                     18.6                                 196                                 14.7                                     17.9
home equity loans                                  86                                  5.7                                      6.4                                  98                                  7.3                                      6.6
consumer direct loans                             121                                  8.0                                      5.2                                 111                                  8.3                                      5.4
credit cards                                       78                                  5.2                                       .9                                  66                                  4.9                                       .9
consumer indirect loans                             1                                   .1                                        -                                   2                                   .1                                       .1
total consumer loans                              448                                 29.7                                     31.1                                 473                                 35.3                                     30.9
total loans (a)                                $1,508                                100.0              %                     100.0            %                 $1,337                                100.0              %                     100.0            %
(a)excludes allocations of the alll related to the discontinued operations of the education lending business in the amount of $16 million at december 31, 2023, and $21 million at december 31, 2022.
net loan charge-offs figure 30 shows the trend in our net loan charge-offs by loan type, while the composition of loan charge-offs and recoveries by type of loan is presented in figure 32. figure 31 shows the ratio of net charge-offs by loan category as a percentage of the respective average loan balance.
over the past 12 months, net loan charge-offs increased $83 million.
figure 30. net loan charge-offs from continuing operations year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                                                           2023          2022
commercial and industrial                                                                 $144          $103
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                           37            18
real estate - construction                                                                 (1)           (1)
commercial lease financing(a)                                                              (5)           (2)
total commercial loans                                                                     175           118
real estate - residential mortgage(a)                                                      (3)           (7)
home equity loans                                                                          (1)           (2)
consumer direct loans                                                                       43            26
credit cards                                                                                30            24
consumer indirect loans                                                                      -             2
total consumer loans                                                                        69            43
total net loan charge-offs                                                                $244          $161
net loan charge-offs to average loans                                                      .21   %       .14   %
net loan charge-offs from discontinued operations - education lending business              $3            $4
(a)credit amounts indicate that recoveries exceeded charge-offs.
86
table of contents figure 31. net loan charge-offs to average loans from continuing operations year ended december 31,
2023                                                                  2022
commercial and industrial                         0.24   %        0.19   %
real estate - commercial mortgage                 0.23            0.12
real estate - construction                      (0.04)          (0.04)
commercial lease financing(a)                   (0.14)          (0.05)
total commercial loans                            0.21            0.15
real estate - residential mortgage(a)           (0.01)          (0.04)
home equity loans                               (0.01)          (0.02)
consumer direct loans                             0.69            0.40
credit cards                                      3.04            2.50
consumer indirect loans                              -            3.23
total consumer loans                              0.19            0.12
total net loan charge-offs                        0.21   %        0.14   %
(a)credit amounts indicate that recoveries exceeded charge-offs.
figure 32. summary of loan and lease loss experience from continuing operations year ended december 31,dollars in millions                                                           2023              2022
average loans outstanding                                                                    $118,004          $111,302
allowance for loan and lease losses at beginning of period                                     $1,337            $1,061
loans charged off:
commercial and industrial                                                                        $188              $153
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                                  39                23
real estate - construction                                                                          -                 -
total commercial real estate loans (a)                                                             39                23
commercial lease financing                                                                          -                 2
total commercial loans (b)                                                                        227               178
real estate - residential mortgage                                                                                  (2)
home equity loans                                                                                                     1
consumer direct loans                                                                              50                34
credit cards                                                                                       37                30
consumer indirect loans                                                                             1                 4
total consumer loans                                                                               91                67
total loans charged off                                                                           318               245
recoveries:
commercial and industrial                                                                          44                50
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                                   2                 5
real estate - construction                                                                          1                 1
total commercial real estate loans (a)                                                              3                 6
commercial lease financing                                                                          5                 4
total commercial loans (b)                                                                         52                60
real estate - residential mortgage                                                                  4                 5
home equity loans                                                                                   3                 3
consumer direct loans                                                                               7                 8
credit cards                                                                                        7                 6
consumer indirect loans                                                                             1                 2
total consumer loans                                                                               22                24
total recoveries                                                                                   74                84
net loan charge-offs                                                                            (244)             (161)
provision (credit) for loan and lease losses                                                      415               437
allowance for loan and lease losses at end of year                                             $1,508            $1,337
liability for credit losses on lending-related commitments at beginning of the year               225               160
provision (credit) for losses on lending-related commitments                                       74                65
liability for credit losses on lending-related commitments at end of the year (c)                $296              $225
total allowance for credit losses at end of the year                                           $1,804            $1,562
net loan charge-offs to average total loans                                                       .21   %           .14   %
allowance for loan and lease losses to period-end loans                                          1.34              1.12
allowance for credit losses to period-end loans                                                  1.60              1.31
allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans                                      262.7             345.5
allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans                                              314.3             403.6
discontinued operations - education lending business:
loans charged off                                                                                  $4                $6
recoveries                                                                                          1                 2
net loan charge-offs                                                                             $(3)              $(4)
(a)see figure 10 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial real estate loan portfolio.
(b)see figure 9 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial loan portfolio.
(c)included in "accrued expense and other liabilities" on the balance sheet.
87
table of contents nonperforming assets figure 33 shows the composition of our nonperforming assets. as shown in figure 33, nonperforming assets increased $171 million during 2023. see note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") under the headings "nonperforming loans," "impaired loans," and "allowance for loan and lease losses" for a summary of our nonaccrual and charge-off policies.
figure 33. summary of nonperforming assets and past due loans from continuing operations december 31, dollars in millions                                                                                          2023          2022
commercial and industrial                                                                                $297          $174
real estate - commercial mortgage                                                                         100            21
real estate - construction                                                                                  -             -
total commercial real estate loans (a)                                                                    100            21
commercial lease financing                                                                                  -             1
total commercial loans (b)                                                                                397           196
real estate - residential mortgage                                                                         71            77
home equity loans                                                                                          97           107
consumer direct loans                                                                                       3             3
credit cards                                                                                                5             3
consumer indirect loans                                                                                     1             1
total consumer loans                                                                                      177           191
total nonperforming loans                                                                                 574           387
nonperforming loans held for sale                                                                           -            20
oreo                                                                                                       17            13
other nonperforming assets                                                                                  -             -
total nonperforming assets                                                                               $591          $420
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                                                                  $107           $60
accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days                                                                222           180
restructured loans - accruing and nonaccruing (c)                                                             n/a       236
restructured loans included in nonperforming loans (c)                                                        n/a       118
nonperforming assets from discontinued operations - education lending business                              3             3
nonperforming loans to period-end portfolio loans                                                         .51   %       .32   %
nonperforming assets to period-end portfolio loans plus oreo and other nonperforming assets (c)           .52           .35
(a)see figure 10 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial real estate loan portfolio.
(b)see figure 9 and the accompanying discussion in the "loans and loans held for sale" section for more information related to our commercial loan portfolio.
(c)restructured loans (i.e., tdrs) are those for which key, for reasons related to a borrower's financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. see note 5 ("asset quality") for more information on our tdrs. these concessions are made to improve the collectability of the loan and generally take the form of a reduction of the interest rate, extension of the maturity date or reduction in the principal balance.
figure 34 shows the types of activity that caused the change in our nonperforming loans during each of the last four quarters and the years ended december 31, 2023, and december 31, 2022.
figure 34. summary of changes in nonperforming loans from continuing operations
2023 quarters dollars in millions                              2023         fourth         third         second         first          2022
balance at beginning of period               $387          $455           $431          $416           $387          $454
loans placed on nonaccrual status             768           297            159           169            143           398
charge-offs                                 (318)          (95)           (87)          (76)           (60)         (244)
loans sold                                   (38)           (9)            (4)          (23)            (2)          (15)
payments                                    (132)          (56)           (25)          (20)           (31)         (113)
transfers to oreo                             (9)           (2)            (3)           (2)            (2)           (5)
loans returned to accrual status             (84)          (16)           (16)          (33)           (19)          (88)
balance at end of period                     $574          $574           $455          $431           $416          $387
operational and compliance risk management like all businesses, we are subject to operational risk, which is the risk of loss resulting from human error or malfeasance, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. these events include, among other things, threats to our cybersecurity, as we are reliant upon information systems and the internet to conduct our business activities. operational risk intersects with compliance risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules and regulations, prescribed practices, and ethical standards. under the dodd-frank act, large financial companies like key are subject to heightened prudential standards and regulation. this heightened level of regulation has increased our operational risk. while operational and compliance table of contents risk are separate risk disciplines in keycorp's erm framework, losses and/or additional regulatory compliance costs are included in operational loss reporting and could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs, or harm to our reputation.
we seek to mitigate operational risk through identification and measurement of risk, alignment of business strategies with risk appetite and tolerance, and a system of internal controls and reporting. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to improve the oversight of our operational risk and to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations. for example, an operational event database tracks the amounts and sources of operational risk and losses. this tracking mechanism helps to identify weaknesses and to highlight the need to take corrective action. we also rely upon software programs designed to assist in assessing operational risk and monitoring our control processes. this technology has enhanced the reporting of the effectiveness of our controls to senior management and the board.
the operational risk management program provides the framework for the structure, governance, roles, and responsibilities, as well as the content, to manage operational risk for key. the compliance risk management program serves the same function in managing compliance risk for key. the operational risk committee and the compliance risk committee support the erm committee by identifying early warning events and trends, escalating emerging risks, and discussing forward-looking assessments. both the operational risk committee and the compliance risk committee include attendees from each of the three lines of defense. primary responsibility for managing and monitoring internal control mechanisms lies with the managers of our various lines of business. the operational risk committee and compliance risk committee are senior management committees that oversee our level of operational and compliance risk and direct and support our operational and compliance infrastructure and related activities. these committees and the operational risk management and compliance risk management functions are an integral part of our erm program. our risk review function regularly assesses the overall effectiveness of our operational risk management and compliance risk management programs and our system of internal controls. risk review reports the results of reviews on internal controls and systems to senior management and the audit committee and updates the risk committee, as appropriate, on matters related to the oversight of these controls.
cybersecurity for information on our cybersecurity risk management and governance practices, please see item 1c. cybersecurity of this report.
gaap to non-gaap reconciliations non-gaap financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied, and are not audited. although these non-gaap financial measures are frequently used by investors to evaluate a company, they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, nor as a substitute for analyses of results as reported under gaap.
the tangible common equity ratio and the return on tangible common equity ratio have been a focus for some investors, and management believes that these ratios may assist investors in analyzing key's capital position without regard to the effects of intangible assets and preferred stock. since analysts and banking regulators may assess our capital adequacy using tangible common equity, we believe it is useful to enable investors to assess our capital adequacy on these same bases.
table of contents year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                                                                              2023              2022              2021
tangible common equity to tangible assets at period end key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                           $14,637           $13,454           $17,423
less:                                              intangible assets (a)                                    2,806             2,844             2,820
preferred stock (b)                                      2,446             2,446             1,856
tangible common equity (non-gaap)                       $9,385            $8,164           $12,747
total assets (gaap)                                                                                      $188,281          $189,813          $186,346
less:                                              intangible assets (a)                                    2,806             2,844             2,820
tangible assets (non-gaap)                            $185,475          $186,969          $183,526
tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (non-gaap)                                                   5.06   %          4.37   %          6.95   %
average tangible common equity average key shareholders' equity (gaap)                                                                   $13,881           $14,730           $17,665
less:                                              intangible assets (average) (c)                          2,826             2,839             2,829
preferred stock (average)                                2,500             2,114             1,900
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)               $8,555            $9,777           $12,936
return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to key common shareholders (gaap)                      $821            $1,793            $2,506
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)                                                                  $8,555            $9,777           $12,936
return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations (non-gaap)                               9.60   %         18.34   %         19.37   %
return on average tangible common equity consolidated net income (loss) attributable to key common shareholders (gaap)                                             $824            $1,799            $2,519
average tangible common equity (non-gaap)                                                                   8,555             9,777            12,936
return on average tangible common equity consolidated (non-gaap)                                             9.63   %         18.40   %         19.47   %
(a)for the years ended december 31, 2023, december 31, 2022, and december 31, 2021, intangible assets exclude $1 million, $2 million, and $3 million, respectively, of period-end purchased credit card relationships.
(b)net of capital surplus.
(c)for the years ended december 31, 2023, december 31, 2022, and december 31, 2021, average intangible assets exclude $1 million, $2 million, and $4 million, respectively, of average purchased credit card relationships.
the cash efficiency ratio is a ratio of two non-gaap performance measures, adjusted noninterest expense and total taxable-equivalent revenue. accordingly, there is no directly comparable gaap performance measure. the cash efficiency ratio excludes the impact of our intangible asset amortization from the calculation. we believe this ratio provides greater consistency and comparability between our results and those of our peer banks. additionally, this ratio is used by analysts and investors to evaluate how effectively management is controlling noninterest expenses in generating revenue, as they develop earnings forecasts and peer bank analysis.
year ended december 31, dollars in millions                                                              2023            2022            2021
cash efficiency ratio noninterest expense (gaap)                                                 $4,734          $4,410          $4,429
less:                      intangible asset amortization (gaap)                39              47              58
adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap)                                    $4,695          $4,363          $4,371
net interest income (gaap)                                                 $3,913          $4,527          $4,071
plus:                      te adjustment                                       30              27              27
net interest income te (non-gaap)                                           3,943           4,554           4,098
noninterest income (gaap)                                                   2,470           2,718           3,194
total te revenue (non-gaap)                                                $6,413          $7,272          $7,292
cash efficiency ratio (non-gaap)                                             73.2   %        60.0   %        59.9   %
critical accounting policies and estimates our business is dynamic and complex. consequently, we must exercise judgment in choosing and applying accounting policies and methodologies. these choices are critical; not only are they necessary to comply with gaap, they also reflect our view of the appropriate way to record and report our overall financial performance. all accounting policies are important, and all policies described in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") should be reviewed for a greater understanding of how we record and report our financial performance.
in our opinion, some accounting policies are more likely than others to have a critical effect on our financial results and to expose those results to potentially greater volatility. these policies apply to areas of relatively greater business importance, or require us to exercise judgment and to make assumptions and estimates that affect amounts reported in the financial statements. because these assumptions and estimates are based on current circumstances, they may prove to be inaccurate, or we may find it necessary to change them. the following is a description of our current critical accounting policies.
table of contents allowance for loan and lease losses the allowance for loan and lease losses represents management's estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. these critical estimates include significant use of our own historical data and complex methods to interpret them. we have an ongoing process to evaluate and enhance the quality, quantity, and timeliness of our data and interpretation methods used in the determination of these allowances. these evaluations are inherently subjective, as they require material estimates and may be susceptible to significant change, and include, among others:
•pd,
•lgd,
•outstanding balance of the loan,
•movement through delinquency stages,
•amounts and timing of expected future cash flows,
•value of collateral, which may be obtained from third parties,
•economic forecasts which are obtained from a third party provider, and
•qualitative factors, such as changes in current economic conditions, that may not be reflected in modeled results.
as described in our accounting policy related to the alll in note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") of this report under the heading "allowance for loan and lease losses," we employ a disciplined process and methodology to establish our alll, which has three main components: (i) asset specific / individual loan reserves; (ii) quantitative (formulaic or pooled) reserves; and (iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves.
we use a non-dcf factor-based approach to estimate expected credit losses that include component pd/lgd/ead models as well as less complex estimation methods for smaller loan portfolios. probability of default models estimate the likelihood a borrower will cease making payments as agreed. these models use observed loan-level information and projected paths of macroeconomic variables. borrower credit attributes including fico scores of consumers and internally assigned risk ratings for commercial borrowers are significant inputs to the models. consumer fico scores are refreshed quarterly and commercial risk ratings are updated annually with select borrowers updated more frequently. the macroeconomic trends that have a significant impact on the probability of default vary by portfolio segment. exposure at default models estimate the loan balance at the time of default. we use an amortization based formulaic approach to estimate account level ead for all term loans. we use portfolio specific methods in each of our revolving product portfolios. lgd models estimate the loss we will suffer once a loan is in default. account level inputs to lgd models include collateral attributes, such as loan to value.
if we observe limitations in the data or models, we use model overlays to make adjustments to model outputs to capture a particular risk or compensate for a known limitation. these variables and others may result in actual loan losses that differ from the originally estimated amounts.
this estimate produced by our models is forward-looking and requires management to use forecasts about future economic conditions to determine the expected credit loss over the remaining life of an instrument. moody's consensus forecast is the source of macroeconomic projections, including the interest rate forecasts used in the credit models. we use a two year reasonable and supportable period across all products to forecast economic conditions. as the length of the life of a financial asset increases, these inputs may become impractical to estimate as reasonable and supportable. we believe the two year time horizon appropriately aligns with our business planning, available industry guidance, and reliability of various forecasting services. following this two year period in which supportable forecasts can be generated, for all modeled loan portfolios, we revert expected credit losses to a level that is consistent with our historical information by reverting the macroeconomic variables (model inputs) to their long run average. we revert to historical loss rates for less complex estimation methods for smaller portfolios.
a four quarter reversion period is used where the macroeconomic variables linearly revert to their long run average following the two year reasonable and supportable period. we use a 20 year lookback period for determining long run historical average of the macroeconomic variables. we determined the 20 year lookback period is appropriate as it captures the previous two economic cycles as well as the impact from the pandemic.
the alll is sensitive to various macroeconomic drivers such as gdp and unemployment as well as portfolio attributes such as remaining term, outstanding balance, risk ratings, fico, ltv, and delinquency status. our alll models were designed to capture the correlation between economic and portfolio changes. as such, evaluating table of contents shifts in individual portfolio attributes and macroeconomic variables in isolation may not be indicative of past or future performance.
it is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input might affect the overall alll because we consider a wide variety of factors and inputs in estimating the alll. changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and input may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. however, to consider the impact of a hypothetical alternate economic forecast, we compare the modeled quantitative allowance results using a downside economic scenario. the maximum difference in the quarterly macroeconomic variables between the base and downside scenarios over the two year reasonable and supportable period includes an approximate 4 percentage point decline in gdp annualized growth and an approximate 3 percentage point increase in the u.s. unemployment rate. the difference between these two scenarios would have driven an increase of approximately 1.7x for commercial and 1.6x for the consumer modeled allowance results.
similarly, deteriorating conditions for portfolio factors were also considered by moderately stressing key portfolio drivers, relative to the baseline portfolio conditions. stressing risk ratings by two ratings for commercial loans generates a 1.6x increase in the commercial modeled allowance results. stressing fico by ten points, and ltv and utilization by 10% for consumer loans generates a 1.2x increase in the consumer modeled allowance results.
note that these analyses demonstrate the sensitivity of the alll to key quantitative assumptions, but exclude potential impacts to non-modeled allowance components and reserves for individually assessed loans. furthermore, these analyses are not intended to estimate changes in the overall alll as they do not reflect qualitative factors, changes in current economic conditions that may not be reflected in quantitatively derived results, and other relevant factors that must be considered to ensure the alll reflects our best estimate of current expected credit losses.
valuation methodologies fair value measurements we measure or monitor many of our assets and liabilities on a fair value basis. fair value is generally defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) as opposed to the price that would be paid to acquire the asset or received to assume the liability (an entry price), in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. while management uses judgment when determining the price at which willing market participants would transact when there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability in relation to "normal" market activity, management's objective is to determine the point within the range of fair value estimates that is most representative of a sale to a third-party investor under current market conditions. the value to us if the asset or liability were held to maturity is not included in the fair value estimates.
a fair value measure should reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including the assumptions about the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique, the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset and the risk of nonperformance. fair value is measured based on a variety of inputs. fair value may be based on quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets (level 1 valuations). if market prices are not available, quoted market prices for similar instruments traded in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, or model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market are used (level 2 valuations). where observable market data is not available, the valuation is generated from model based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market, but observable based on our specific data (level 3 valuations). unobservable assumptions reflect our estimates for assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. valuation techniques typically include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, but may also include the use of market prices of assets or liabilities that are not directly comparable to the subject asset or liability.
the selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a fair value higher or lower than carrying value. considerable judgment may be involved in determining the amount that is most representative of fair value.
table of contents for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, our policy is to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements for those items where there is an active market. in certain cases, when market observable inputs for model-based valuation techniques may not be readily available, we are required to make judgments about assumptions market participants would use in estimating the fair value of the financial instrument. the models used to determine fair value adjustments are regularly evaluated by management for relevance under current facts and circumstances.
changes in market conditions may reduce the availability of quoted prices or observable data. for example, reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities could result in observable market inputs becoming unavailable. when market data is not available, we use valuation techniques requiring more management judgment to estimate the appropriate fair value.
fair value is used on a recurring basis for certain assets and liabilities in which fair value is the primary measure of accounting. fair value is used on a nonrecurring basis to measure certain assets or liabilities (including held-to-maturity securities, commercial loans held for sale, and oreo) for impairment or for disclosure purposes in accordance with current accounting guidance.
impairment analysis also relates to long-lived assets and core deposit and other intangible assets. an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not likely to be recoverable and exceeds its fair value. in determining the fair value, management uses models and applies the techniques and assumptions previously discussed.
see note 1 under the heading "fair value measurements" and note 6 ("fair value measurements") for a detailed discussion of determining fair value, including pricing validation processes.
goodwill the valuation and testing methodologies used in our analysis of goodwill impairment are summarized in note 1
under the heading "goodwill and other intangible assets." goodwill is initially recorded as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination. goodwill is tested for impairment for all three of our reporting units: consumer bank, commercial bank and institutional bank. we perform our annual impairment test as of october 1st and on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests suggest additional testing is needed. testing may be either quantitative or qualitative. fair value is measured during quantitative tests using a combination of income and market approaches. if the fair value of a reporting unit declines below its carrying value, an impairment charge will be recognized for any amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value, to the extent that the loss recognized does not exceed the amount of the goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. when utilizing the qualitative testing approach, key examines numerous qualitative factors such as financial performance, market capitalization and other industry and economic trends to conclude whether it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired.
we performed a quantitative annual goodwill impairment test as of october 1, 2023. the quantitative test estimates the fair value of the reporting units using the income approach (weighted 50%) and two market based approaches: the publicly traded company approach (weighted 25%) and the recent transactions approach (weighted 25%). for the market based approaches, valuations of reporting units considered a combination of earnings and equity multiples based on either public companies with characteristics similar to the reporting unit or actual prices paid from recent transactions. since the fair values determined under the market approaches are representative of noncontrolling interests, the valuations incorporated a control premium. for the income approach, estimated future cash flows were derived from internal forecasts and economic expectations for each reporting unit.
the inputs and assumptions utilized for the valuation of each reporting unit include projections of future cash flows, discount rates, valuation multiples of comparable public companies, and recent transaction information. future cash flows are based on multi-year forecasts for each reporting unit and include inputs and assumptions such as net interest margin, expected credit losses, noninterest income, noninterest expense, and required capital. a terminal growth rate is estimated for each reporting unit based on market expectations of inflation and economic conditions in the financial services industry. discount rates are developed using the capm which considers a risk free rate, 5-year adjusted beta based on peer companies, a market equity risk premium, a size premium, and a company specific risk premium. the discount rates used for the consumer, commercial, and institutional reporting units were, 13%, 13.5%, and 13.5%, respectively.
table of contents the results of the annual goodwill impairment test indicated that the fair values of the consumer, commercial and institutional bank reporting units were in excess of their respective carrying values, therefore, there was no goodwill impairment. however, for the institutional bank reporting unit, the fair value of the reporting united exceeded its carrying value by 7%, indicating that the $133 million of goodwill allocated to this reporting unit could be at risk of future impairment. the combined fair value of all reporting units was considered reasonable by comparison to key's market capitalization. the estimated fair values of each reporting unit are sensitive to changes in management's estimates and assumptions. changes in the estimates and assumptions could result in instances in which the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. we have performed sensitivity analyses around certain assumptions to assess their reasonableness and impact on the reporting units' fair values. the analysis of the institutional bank reporting unit indicated that if the discount rate utilized in the income approach was increased or decreased by 50 basis points, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit inclusive of the weighted results of the market approaches would decrease or increase approximately 2%, respectively. if the noninterest income rate utilized in the income approach was increased or decreased by 10%, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit inclusive of the weighted results of the market approaches would increase or decrease by approximately 10%, respectively, which if a decrease would result in goodwill impairment. determining the fair value of a reporting unit is subject to uncertainty as it is reliant on estimates of cash flows that extend far into the future, and, by their nature, are difficult to estimate over such an extended time frame. in the future, changes in the assumptions or the discount rate could produce a material non-cash goodwill impairment.
additionally, we monitored events and circumstances during the period from october 1, 2023 through december 31, 2023, including macroeconomic and market factors, industry and banking sector events, key specific performance indicators, a comparison of management's forecast and assumptions to those used in the october 1, 2023 quantitative impairment test, and the sensitivity of the october 1, 2023 quantitative test results to changes in assumptions through december 31, 2023. based on these considerations, we concluded that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of one or more of the reporting units was below its respective carrying value as of december 31, 2023.
additional information is provided in note 12 ("goodwill and other intangible assets").
derivatives and hedging we primarily use interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk for asset and liability management purposes. these derivative instruments modify the interest rate characteristics of specified on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. our accounting policies related to derivatives reflect the current accounting guidance, which provides that all derivatives should be recognized as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value, after taking into account the effects of master netting agreements. accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a particular derivative depends on whether the derivative has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship, and further, on the type of hedging relationship.
the application of hedge accounting requires significant judgment to interpret the relevant accounting guidance, as well as to assess hedge effectiveness, identify similar hedged item groupings, and measure changes in the fair value of the hedged items. we believe our methods of addressing these judgments and applying the accounting guidance are consistent with both the guidance and industry practices. additional information relating to our use of derivatives is included in note 1 under the heading "derivatives and hedging," and note 8 ("derivatives and hedging activities").
contingent liabilities, guarantees and income taxes note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") summarizes contingent liabilities arising from litigation and contingent liabilities arising from guarantees in various agreements with third parties under which we are a guarantor, and the potential effects of these items on the results of our operations. we record a liability for the fair value of the obligation to stand ready to perform over the term of a guarantee. contingent aspects of guarantees within the scope of asc 326 are assessed a reserve under cecl. there is a risk that our actual future payments in the event of a default by the guaranteed party could exceed the recorded amount. see note 22 ("commitments, contingent liabilities, and guarantees") for a comparison of the liability recorded and the maximum potential undiscounted future payments for the various types of guarantees that we had outstanding at december 31, 2023.
it is not always clear how the internal revenue code and various state tax laws apply to transactions that we undertake. in the normal course of business, we may record tax benefits and then have those benefits contested by the irs or state tax authorities. we have provided tax reserves that we believe are adequate to absorb potential table of contents adjustments that such challenges may necessitate. however, if our judgment later proves to be inaccurate, the tax reserves may need to be adjusted, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and capital.
additionally, we conduct quarterly assessments that determine the amount of deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, and therefore recorded. the available evidence used in connection with these assessments includes a history of pretax income, projected future taxable income, potential tax-planning strategies, and projected future reversals of deferred tax liabilities. these assessments are subjective and may change. based on these criteria, and all available positive and negative evidence, we establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets when we are unable to conclude it is more likely than not that they will be realized. however, if our assessments prove incorrect, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which they occur. for further information on our accounting for income taxes, see note 1 ("summary of significant accounting policies") and note 14 ("income taxes").
accounting and reporting developments accounting guidance pending adoption standard                                        required adoption                                     description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    effect on financial statements or other significant matters asu 2023-05                                     january 1, 2025                                       this guidance requires that a joint venture apply a new basis of accounting upon its initial formation. by doing this, a joint venture, upon formation, will recognize and initially measure its assets and liabilities at fair value, with certain exceptions. existing joint ventures have the option to apply this new guidance retrospectively as long as they have sufficient information to do so.       the guidance is not expected to have any impact on key's financial condition or results of operations.
business                                        early adoption is combinations- joint                             permitted.
venture formations
(subtopic 805-60)
asu 2023-06                                     the date on which the sec's removal of related        this guidance clarifies and improves disclosure requirements for a variety of topics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          the guidance is not expected to have a material impact on key's disclosures.
disclosure                                      disclosures from                                      the amendments should be applied prospectively.
improvements                                    regulation s-x or regulation s-k becomes effective.
early adoption is prohibited.
asu 2023-07 segment reporting (topic 280)       annual periods beginning january 1, 2024              this guidance requires certain segment disclosures in annual and interim periods. it also clarifies that companies may report on additional measures if the chief operating decision maker uses more than one measure of a segment's profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources.                                                                                   we are still assessing the impact on key's disclosures.
interim periods beginning january 1, 2025             the guidance should be applied on a retrospective basis.
early adoption is permitted.
asu 2023-09 income taxes (topic 740)            january 1, 2025                                       this guidance requires certain tax disclosures related to rate reconciliation and income taxes paid.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           we are still assessing the impact on key's disclosures.
early adoption is permitted.                          the guidance should be applied on a prospective or retrospective basis.
