item 1a.    risk factors our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control. any of the risks discussed below, as well as factors described in other places in this form 10-k, or in our other filings with the sec, could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, these items could cause our future results to differ from those in any of our forward-looking statements. these risks are not the only ones we face. other risks that we do not presently know about or that we presently believe are not material could also adversely affect us.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report business operations significant increases in prices for raw materials, energy, transportation or other necessary supplies or services, without corresponding increases in our selling prices, could adversely affect our financial results.
increases in the cost and availability of raw materials, including pulp and petroleum-based materials, the cost of energy, transportation and other necessary services, supplier constraints, supplier consolidation which could limit our sources of supply for these items, an inability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relations or an inability to avoid disruptions in production output could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
cellulose fiber, in the form of kraft pulp or recycled fiber from recovered waste paper, is used extensively in our tissue products and is subject to significant price fluctuations. cellulose fiber, in the form of fluff pulp, is a key component in our personal care products. in past years, pulp prices have experienced significant volatility. increases in pulp prices or limits in the availability of recycled fiber could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted or if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in pulp prices. we utilize a variety of pricing structures and revenue growth management strategies to manage these risks but have not used derivative instruments.
a number of our products, such as diapers, training and youth pants, feminine pads, incontinence care products and disposable wipes, contain certain materials that are principally derived from petroleum. these materials are subject to price fluctuations based on changes in petroleum prices, availability and other factors, with these prices experiencing significant volatility in recent years. we purchase these materials from a number of suppliers. significant increases in prices for these materials could adversely affect our earnings if selling prices for our finished products are not adjusted, if these adjustments significantly trail the increases in prices for these materials, or if we do not utilize lower priced substitutes for these materials.
our manufacturing operations utilize electricity, natural gas and petroleum-based fuels. to help ensure we use energy efficiently and cost-effectively, we maintain energy efficiency improvement programs at our manufacturing sites. our contracts with energy suppliers vary as to price, payment terms, quantities and duration. our energy costs are also affected by various market factors including the availability of supplies of particular forms of energy, energy prices and local and national regulatory decisions (including actions taken to address climate change and related market responses) and geopolitical factors. there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against substantial changes in the price or availability of energy sources.
there can be no assurance that our efforts to minimize the impact of increased costs, including increasing selling prices, in response to the increased costs will be successful.
failure of key technology systems, cyberattacks, privacy breaches or data breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
to conduct our business, we rely extensively on information and operational technology systems, many of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors. these systems include, but are not limited to, programs and processes relating to internal communications and communicating with customers, consumers, vendors, investors and other parties; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; converting materials to finished products; receiving and processing purchase orders and shipping products to customers; processing transactions; storing, processing and transmitting data, including personal confidential information and payment card industry data; supporting employee data processing for our global workforce; hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business and financial information; and complying with financial reporting, regulatory, legal and tax requirements. furthermore, we sell certain products directly to consumers online and through websites, mobile apps and connected devices, and we also engage in online activities, including data collection, promotions, rebates and customer loyalty and other programs, through which we may receive personal information. a breach or other breakdown in our technology, including a cyberattack, privacy incident, data incident or other event involving us or any of our third-party service providers or vendors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
despite the security measures we have in place, the information and operational technology systems, including those of our customers, vendors, suppliers and other third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, have, in the past, and may, in the future, be vulnerable to cyber-threats such as computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, cyber extortion, security incidents, denial of service attacks, unauthorized access, phishing attacks, social engineering and other disruptions from employee error, unauthorized uses, system failures, including internet outages, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors or cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups, nation-states and nation-state-sponsored kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report organizations and social-activist organizations. we have seen and may continue to see an increase in the number of such attacks, especially as we continue operating under a hybrid working model under which employees can work and access our technology infrastructure remotely. in addition, while we have purchased cybersecurity insurance, costs related to a cyberattack may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or be excluded under the terms of our cybersecurity insurance policy. as cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as appropriate for our operations.
our security efforts and the efforts of our third-party providers may not prevent or timely detect future attacks and resulting breaches or breakdowns of our, or third-party service providers', databases or systems. in addition, if we or our third-party providers are unable to effectively resolve such breaches or breakdowns on a timely basis, we may experience interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business, as well as reputational harm, governmental fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings, and litigation and remediation expenses. in addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure and misuse of material confidential information, including personal identifying information.
cyber-threats are becoming more sophisticated, are constantly evolving and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and this increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. we have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and data protection standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. increased regulation of data collection, use, and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, including reporting requirements, enactment of new laws and regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business.
in addition, data incidents or theft of personal information collected by us and our third-party service providers as well as data incidents or theft of our information may occur. we are subject to the laws and regulations of various countries where we operate or do business related to solicitation, collection, processing, transferring, storing or use of consumer, customer, vendor or employee information or related data. these laws and regulations change frequently, and new legislation continues to be introduced and may be interpreted and applied differently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. the changes introduced by data privacy and protection regulations increase the complexity of regulations enacted to protect business and personal data and they subject us to additional costs. these laws and regulations also may result in us incurring additional expenses and liabilities in the event of unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal data.
we are in the process of upgrading our enterprise resource planning system (known as sap) to enhance operating efficiencies and provide more effective management of our business operations. we also use various other hardware, software and operating systems that may need to be upgraded or replaced in the near future as such systems cease to be supported by third-party service providers, and may be vulnerable to increased risks, including the risk of security breaches, system failures and disruptions. system upgrades take time, require oversight and may be costly, and pose several challenges, including training of personnel, communication of new rules and procedures, migration of data, increased risk of security breaches, and the potential instability of the new system. moreover, there is no assurance that the new enterprise resource planning system will meet our current and future business needs or that it will operate as designed. any significant failure or delay in system upgrades could cause an interruption to our business and adversely affect our operations and financial results.
our international operations are subject to foreign market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, currency restrictions and political, social and economic instability, which may adversely affect our financial results.
our strategy includes operations growth outside the u.s., especially in developing markets such as china, eastern europe, asean and latin america. about half of our net sales come from markets outside the u.s. we and our equity companies have manufacturing facilities in 33 countries and sell products in a substantial majority of countries around the world. our results may be adversely affected by a number of foreign market risks:
•exposure to the movement of various currencies against each other and the u.s. dollar. a portion of the exposures, arising from transactions and commitments denominated in non-local currencies, is systematically managed through foreign currency forward and swap contracts where available and economically advantageous. we do not generally hedge our income statement translation exposure with respect to foreign operations.
•increases in currency exchange restrictions. these restrictions could limit our ability to repatriate earnings from outside the u.s. or obtain currency exchange for u.s. dollar inputs to continue operating in certain countries.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report
•adverse political conditions. risks related to political instabilities and hostilities (including the wars in ukraine and israel), expropriation, new or revised legal or regulatory constraints, difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, and potentially adverse tax consequences could adversely affect our financial results.
•increases in dollar-based input costs for operations outside the u.s. due to weaker foreign exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar. there can be no assurance that we will be protected against substantial foreign currency fluctuations.
•greater economic volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions.
the inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. see item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and item 8, note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our adoption of highly inflationary accounting in argentina and türkiye.
our operations in russia and the surrounding region are impacted by the war in ukraine.
the war between russia and ukraine has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our operations in russia and the surrounding region. beginning in march 2022, we have implemented significant adjustments to our business in russia. we have substantially curtailed media, advertising and promotional activity and suspended capital investments at our single manufacturing facility in russia. consistent with the humanitarian nature of our products, we manufacture and sell only essential items in russia, such as baby diapers and feminine pads, which are critical to the health and hygiene of women, girls and babies. our ability to continue our reduced operations in russia may change as we continue to experience increased input costs, supply chain complexities, reduced consumer demand, restricted access to raw materials and production assets, restricted access to financial institutions and increased supply chain, professional services, monetary, currency, trade and payment/investment sanctions and related controls. as the business, geopolitical, and regulatory environment concerning russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. moreover, the war in ukraine could result in cyber-based attacks to our information technology systems, disruptions to foreign exchange rates and financial and credit markets and amplify or affect the other risk factors set forth in this part i, item 1a, any of which may adversely affect our business.
we face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our business and financial results may be negatively impacted by health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks. the covid-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have negative impacts on our business, including causing significant volatility in demand for our products, changes in consumer behavior and preference, disruptions in our manufacturing and supply chain operations, disruptions to our cost saving programs, limitations on our employees' ability to work and travel, significant changes in the economic or political conditions in markets in which we operate and related currency and commodity volatility. despite our efforts to manage these impacts, their ultimate impact also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any such outbreak and actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects.
damage to the reputation of kimberly-clark or to one or more of our brands could adversely affect our business.
developing and maintaining our reputation, as well as the reputation of our brands, is a critical factor in our relationship with consumers, customers, suppliers and others. our inability to address adverse publicity or other issues, including with respect to product safety, quality, efficacy, environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management), substances and ingredients of potential concern, inclusion, equity and diversity, human rights and other social responsibility or similar matters, or breaches of consumer, customer, supplier, employee or other confidential information, real or perceived, could negatively impact sentiment towards us and our products and brands, and our business and financial results could suffer. in addition, our products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality issues. consumers increasing use and reliance on social media for information could increase the risk of adverse publicity, potentially with negative perception of our products or brands. our business and results could also be negatively impacted by the effects of product-related litigation, allegations of product tampering or contamination, or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products.
disruption in our supply chain or our manufacturing or distribution operations could adversely affect our business.
our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products is critical to our operations. these activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes or labor shortages, terrorism, epidemics, pandemics kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report
(including the covid-19 pandemic), import restrictions, regional economic, business, environmental or political events (including the wars in ukraine and israel), governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could disrupt our supply chain and impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. this interruption, if not mitigated in advance or otherwise effectively managed, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to address.
we have a complex network of suppliers, including a number of sole-source and single-source suppliers for certain commodities and raw material inputs. in addition, third parties manufacture some of our products and provide certain administrative services. disruptions or delays at these suppliers, third-party manufacturers or service providers due to the reasons above or the failure of these parties, manufacturers or service providers to otherwise satisfactorily perform, could adversely impact our operations, sales, payments to our suppliers, employees, and others, and our ability to report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. in the case of our sole-source suppliers, failure to successfully negotiate satisfactory purchase terms could adversely impact our business.
there is no guarantee that our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be successful.
we continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations. in addition, we expect ongoing cost savings from our continuous improvement activities. we anticipate these cost savings will result from reducing material costs and manufacturing waste and realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions in each of our business segments and in our corporate functions. any negative impact these plans have on our relationships with employees, suppliers or customers or any failure to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings could adversely affect our financial results.
we may acquire or divest product lines or businesses, which could impact our results.
we may pursue acquisitions of product lines or businesses from third parties. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired product lines or businesses, estimation and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. we may be unable to successfully integrate and manage product lines or businesses that we may acquire in the future, or be unable to achieve anticipated benefits or cost savings from acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all.
we may periodically divest product lines or businesses. these divestitures may adversely impact our results if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested products or businesses, or mitigate overhead costs allocated to those businesses. furthermore, the divestitures could adversely affect our ongoing business operations, including by enhancing our competitors' positions or reducing consumer confidence in our ongoing brands and products.
the inability to effectively and efficiently manage acquisitions and divestitures with the results we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
disruptions in the credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our business.
we access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. our financial performance, our short- and long-term debt credit ratings, interest rates, the stability of financial institutions with which we partner, geopolitical or national political developments, the stability and liquidity of the overall global capital markets and the state of the global economy, could affect our access to, and the availability and cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions and our ability to pay dividends in the future.
we regularly access the commercial paper market for ongoing funding requirements. a downgrade in our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our ability to issue commercial paper. disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the credit markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings.
disruptions in the credit markets, limitations on our ability to borrow, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in our borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report climate change and other sustainability matters may adversely affect our business and operations.
there is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, water availability and quality, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. we have transition risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and physical risks related to the physical impacts of climate change. transition risks include increased costs of carbon emission, increased cost to produce products in compliance with future regulations, increased raw materials cost, shifts in customer/consumer values and other legal, regulatory and technological risks. physical risks include the risk of direct damage to assets or supply chain disruption caused by severe weather events such as floods, storms, wildfires and droughts. in addition, concern over climate change by governments and regulators globally have resulted and may continue to result in new legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment (or conversely, to restrict activities to address or consider climate change and related matters). compliance with these requirements may increase our costs of doing business, including to the extent these reporting regimes are inconsistent.
there is also increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors and investment managers, customers, suppliers, consumers, our employees and other stakeholders on these and other sustainability matters, including responsible sourcing and deforestation, the use of plastic, energy and water, the recyclability or recoverability of packaging, including single-use and other plastic packaging and ingredient transparency. at the same time, there is growing opposition to initiatives on these matters, and our public reporting on our sustainability initiatives, expectations, and progress, including our ambitions for 2030, may not satisfy the expectations of all stakeholders. these stakeholders may rely on their assessment or perception (or a third-party's assessment) of our sustainability practices to inform their future engagement with our company, products, and securities. any failure to achieve our sustainability goals, including those aimed to reduce our impact on, improve or preserve the environment, or the perception (whether or not valid) that we have failed to act responsibly with respect to such matters or to effectively respond to new legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change, could adversely affect our business and reputation, including the loss of customers or business opportunities and legal or regulatory proceedings.
our inability to attract and retain key personnel could adversely impact our business.
we must attract, hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. we are experiencing an increasingly tight and competitive labor market and, should conditions worsen, we could experience greater turnover. a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs over time, such as increased overtime to meet demand, and increased wages to attract and retain employees. additionally, with our rapidly changing environment, it is critical to ensure we have the right skills, capabilities and experience needed to respond to evolving consumer and customer needs. failure to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities could disrupt our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness.
marketing and competition intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we operate in highly competitive domestic and international markets against well-known, branded products and low-cost or private label products. inherent risks in our competitive strategy include uncertainties concerning trade and consumer acceptance, the effects of consolidation within retailer and distribution channels, a growing e-commerce marketplace, and customers' and competitors' actions. our competitors for these markets include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers. some of these competitors may have better access to financial resources and greater market penetration, which enable them to offer a wider variety of products and services at more competitive prices. alternatively, some of these competitors may have significantly lower product development and manufacturing costs, particularly with respect to private label products, allowing them to offer products at a lower price. e-commerce potentially intensifies competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. the actions of these competitors could adversely affect our financial results. in order to stay competitive, it may be necessary for us to lower prices on our products and increase spending on advertising and promotions, which could adversely affect our financial results.
we may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products. demand for our products may change based on many factors, including shifting consumer purchasing patterns to lower cost options such as private-label products and mid to lower-tier value products, low birth rates in certain countries due to slow economic growth or kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report other factors, negative customer or consumer response to pricing actions, consumer shifts in distribution from traditional retailers to e-tailers, subscription services and direct to consumer businesses, changing consumer preferences due to increased concerns in regard to post-consumer waste and packaging materials and their impact on environmental sustainability, or other changes in consumer trends or habits. if we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease.
our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. in addition, we incur substantial development and marketing costs in introducing new and improved products and technologies. the introduction of a new consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace. if a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to maintain its relative market position. some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions. we may not be successful in developing new or improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry, and we may not be successful in advertising, marketing, timely launching and selling our products, including through the use of digital and social media. also, if we fail to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights, we may be less competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and financial condition.
increasing dependence on key retailers in developed markets and the emergence of new sales channels may adversely affect our business.
our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which continues to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and e-tailers. with the consolidation of retail trade, both traditional retailers and e-tailers, we are dependent on key customers, and some of these customers, including large-format retailers and large e-tailers, may have significant bargaining power. they may use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts or allowances which could lead to reduced profitability. we may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail trade customers, such as inventory destocking, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, additional requirements related to safety, environmental, social and other sustainability issues, and other conditions. if we lose a significant customer or if sales of our products to a significant customer materially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
legal and regulatory government regulations and enforcement, and potential litigation, could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
as a global company, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and governmental regulations across all of the countries in which we do business, including laws and regulations involving marketing, antitrust, anti-bribery or anti-corruption, data privacy, product liability, product composition or formulation, packaging content or corporate responsibility after consumer purchase, environmental impact, intellectual property, employment, healthcare, tax or other matters.
we could be subject to significant legal liability and litigation expense if we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations. our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving customers, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. while it is our policy and practice to comply with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business, we cannot provide assurance that our employees and agents will follow our policies and procedures at all times. a finding that we are in violation of, or out of compliance with, applicable laws or regulations could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, damages, injunctions, product recalls or criminal sanctions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. whether or not a claim is successful, without merit or not fully pursued, negative publicity arising from allegations regarding our products, processes or business practices could adversely affect our reputation and brand image.
in addition, new or revised laws, regulations or their interpretation may alter the environment in which we do business which could adversely impact our financial results. for example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs to us, directly for our compliance, or indirectly to the extent suppliers increase prices of goods and services because of increased compliance costs, excise taxes or reduced availability of raw materials.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery.
new or revised tax regulations could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the u.s. and internationally. tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. some jurisdictions have unpredictable enforcement activity. increases in applicable tax rates, implementation of new taxes, changes in applicable tax laws and interpretations of these tax laws and actions by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate could reduce our after tax income and have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our recent performance, financial condition and prospects. this discussion and analysis compares 2023 results to 2022. for a discussion that compares our 2022 results to 2021, see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 of our 2022 annual report on form 10-k. the reference to "n.m." indicates that the calculation is not meaningful. in addition, we provide commentary regarding organic sales growth, which describes the impact of changes in volume, product mix and net selling prices on net sales. changes in foreign currency exchange rates, acquisitions and exited businesses also impact the year-over-year change in net sales. revenue growth management is used to describe our capability that helps optimize our consumer value proposition and thereby maximize our brands' revenue potential with consumer-centric insights. it focuses on strategic pricing decisions, price pack architecture, managing our product mix, trade promotion activity and trading terms. dollar amounts are reported in millions, except per share dollar amounts, unless otherwise noted.
the following will be discussed and analyzed:
•overview of business
•overview of 2023 results
•business environment and trends
•results of operations and related information
•liquidity and capital resources
•critical accounting policies and use of estimates
•new accounting standards
•information concerning forward-looking statements throughout this md&a, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., or gaap, and are therefore referred to as non-gaap financial measures. these measures include adjusted gross and operating profit, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted other (income) and expense, net, and adjusted effective tax rate. we believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight to some of the financial measures used to evaluate management.
non-gaap financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable gaap measures, and they should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap.  there are limitations to these non-gaap financial measures because they are not prepared in accordance with gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculation and items being excluded.  we compensate for these limitations by using these non-gaap financial measures as a supplement to the gaap measures and by providing reconciliations of the non-gaap and comparable gaap financial measures.
the non-gaap financial measures exclude the following items for the relevant time periods as indicated in the reconciliations included later in this md&a:
•sale of brazil tissue and k-c professional business - in 2023, we recognized a net benefit related to the sale of our brazil tissue and k-c professional business. see item 8, note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details.
•impairment of intangible assets - in 2023, we recognized charges related to the impairment of certain intangible assets related to softex indonesia and thinx. see item 8, note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for details.
•pension settlements - in 2023 and 2022, pension settlement charges were recognized related to lump-sum distributions from pension plan assets exceeding the total of annual service and interest costs resulting in a recognition of deferred actuarial losses.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report
•acquisition of controlling interest in thinx - in the first quarter of 2022, we increased our investment in thinx. as a result of this transaction, a net benefit was recognized, primarily due to the non-recurring, non-cash gain recognized related to the remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value, partially offset by transaction and integration costs. see item 8, note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details.
overview of business we are a global company focused on delivering products and solutions that provide better care for a better world, with manufacturing facilities in 33 countries, including our equity affiliates, and products sold in more than 175 countries and territories. our products are sold under well-known brands such as kleenex, scott, huggies, pull-ups, kotex and depend. we have three reportable business segments: personal care, consumer tissue and k-c professional. these business segments are described in greater detail in item 8, note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
in operating our business, we seek to:
•grow our portfolio of brands through innovation, category development and commercial execution,
•leverage our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and
•allocate capital in value-creating ways.
we describe our business outside north america in two groups - developing and emerging markets ("d&e") and developed markets. d&e markets comprise eastern europe, the middle east and africa, latin america and asia-pacific, excluding australia and south korea. developed markets consist of western and central europe, australia and south korea.
on february 24, 2022, we completed our acquisition of a majority and controlling share of thinx, an industry leader in the reusable period and incontinence underwear category, for total consideration of $181 consisting of cash of $53, the fair value of our previously held equity investment of $127, and certain share-based award costs of $1. in the first quarter of 2023, we delivered a redemption notice to the third-party minority owner with respect to a portion of the remaining common securities of thinx. this redemption closed in the second quarter of 2023, and we acquired additional ownership of thinx for $48, increasing our ownership in thinx to 70 percent. as part of the completion of a negotiated final redemption, we acquired the remaining 30 percent ownership of thinx for $47 in the fourth quarter of 2023. as the purchase of additional ownership in an already controlled subsidiary represents an equity transaction, no gain or loss was recognized in consolidated net income or comprehensive income. see item 8, note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details.
on june 1, 2023, we completed the sale transaction, announced on october 24, 2022, of our neve tissue brand and related consumer and k-c professional tissue assets in brazil for $212, including the base purchase price of $175 and working capital and other closing adjustments of $37. this transaction also included a licensing agreement to allow the acquirer to manufacture and market in brazil the kleenex, scott and wypall brands to consumers and away-from-home customers for a period of time. the assets included in the sale agreement were reclassified to other current assets as of december 31, 2022, and upon closure of the transaction, a gain of $74 pre-tax was recognized in other (income) and expense, net. we incurred divestiture-related costs of $30 pre-tax, which were recorded in cost of products sold and marketing, research and general expenses, resulting in a net benefit of $44 pre-tax ($26 after tax).
overview of 2023 results
•net sales of $20.4 billion increased 1 percent. organic sales increased 5 percent, while changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 3 percent and exited business decreased sales by 1 percent.
•in north america, organic sales increased 4 percent in consumer products and increased 8 percent in k-c professional.
•outside north america, organic sales increased 5 percent in d&e markets and increased 4 percent in developed markets.
•operating profit and net income attributable to kimberly-clark were $2,344 and $1,764 in 2023, respectively.
•diluted earnings per share were $5.21 in 2023 compared to $5.72 in 2022. results in 2023 include the net benefit related to the sale of the brazil tissue and k-c professional business of $0.08, charges related to the impairment of intangible assets of $1.36 and pension settlement charges of $0.08. results in 2022 include a net benefit of $0.20 associated with the acquisition of thinx, primarily due to the non-recurring, non-cash gain recognized related to the kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value, partially offset by transaction and integration costs, and pension settlement charges of $0.12.
•we continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. cash provided by operations was $3.5 billion in 2023. we raised our dividend in 2023 by 2 percent, the 51st consecutive annual increase in our dividend. altogether, share repurchases and dividends in 2023 amounted to $1.8 billion.
in 2024, we plan to continue to execute our strategies for long-term success which include delivering balanced, sustainable growth by growing our brands in-line with or ahead of category growth, leveraging our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocating capital in value-creating ways. our growth strategy is built on two pillars. elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. expanding our markets is our second pillar and emphasizes personal care.  both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation and strong in-market execution.
our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force (focused on reducing costs everywhere) program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases.
we are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. see item 1a, "risk factors" in this form 10-k for additional information.
business environment and trends our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by the following factors and key trends, which may cause our future results of operations to differ from our historical results discussed under "results of operations and related information."
covid-19 - the macro business environment has experienced unprecedented volatility in recent years reflecting the effects of the global covid-19 pandemic on supply and demand dynamics. we have seen stabilization in demand across all of our business segments during 2022 and 2023, and we expect this trend to continue.
the pandemic significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe, primarily due to the very significant fluctuations in demand and related transportation and labor supply issues. resulting supply shortages led to record levels of inflation in commodities and other costs. during 2023, inflation slowed, but costs remain elevated across many categories of our raw materials, labor, energy and other input costs, as well as transportation costs, and we expect that these elevated levels could persist in 2024, although at a decreasing rate of inflation compared to the prior fiscal year.
additionally, consumer purchasing power has generally been impacted negatively by the inflation driven by the effects of the pandemic which can impact consumer purchasing patterns.
birth rate trends - sales of our baby and child care products are highly correlated with birth rate trends. in recent years, birth rate declines in key countries, including china, south korea and the u.s., have pressured category volume growth rates. to help mitigate the effects of birth rate declines, we aim to drive sales growth at or ahead of category growth rates through innovation, premiumization, strong brand building plans and digital marketing investment as part of our elevate and expand growth strategy.
competition - our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace. our competitors include global, regional and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers which offer products that are typically sold at lower prices. in particular, private label market share has been increasing in the tissue category. increased purchases of private label products could reduce net sales of our higher-margin products which would negatively impact our profitability. while the global marketplace in which we operate has always been highly competitive, we continue to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters and e-tailers. this market environment has resulted in increased pressure on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue in the coming year.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report pricing - our net sales growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address market conditions. we adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment, technological improvements, product innovations and changes in our raw material, distribution, energy and other input costs. in 2022 and early 2023, certain price increases were in response to continuing inflation related to the ongoing impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and other market conditions, including the war in ukraine. in 2024, we anticipate that challenging market conditions, including those related to inflation and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, may continue to impact pricing. price changes may affect net sales, earnings and market share in the near term as the market adjusts to new pricing and other market conditions.
operating costs - our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, general business taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. we manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, and pricing actions. to remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability. while some costs moderated in 2023, they still remained elevated and our results were impacted by increased costs, particularly for pulp, resin, distribution, labor and energy, primarily related to covid-19 pandemic driven effects and the effect of the war in ukraine. in 2024, we expect that increased costs will continue to affect us, although at a decreasing rate of inflation compared to the prior fiscal year.
evolving consumer product and shopping preferences - the retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve due to the rapid growth of e-commerce retailers, changing consumer preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online) and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-consumer businesses. changing consumer preferences also include increased concerns in regard to post-consumer waste and packaging materials and their impact on environmental sustainability. if we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease. we believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, innovation pipeline and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities has us well positioned relative to these changing dynamics.
volatility of global markets - our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in d&e markets. some d&e markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. volatility in these markets affects our production costs and the demand for our products and may impact our supply chain and distribution networks. volatility in global consumer demand, commodity costs and foreign currency exchange rates increased significantly over the past few years and is expected to continue in the near term.
climate change - we operate in many regions around the world where our businesses could be disrupted by climate change. our climate change risk categories include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy ("transition risks") and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change ("physical risks"). transition risks include increased costs of carbon emission, increased cost to produce products in compliance with future regulations, increased raw materials cost, shifts in customer/consumer values and other legal, regulatory and technological risks. physical risks include the risk of direct damage to assets or supply chain disruption caused by severe weather events such as floods, storms, wildfires and droughts. we continue to progress toward our 2030 sustainability goals which include elements that aim for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, use of natural forest fibers, use of plastics and use of water in water-stressed regions.
war in ukraine - beginning in march 2022, we have implemented significant adjustments to our business in russia. we have substantially curtailed media, advertising and promotional activity and suspended capital investments in our sole manufacturing facility in russia. consistent with the humanitarian nature of our products, we manufacture and sell only essential items in russia, such as baby diapers and feminine pads, which are critical to the health and hygiene of women, girls and babies. our russia business has represented approximately 1 to 2 percent of our net global sales, operating profit and total assets. our ability to continue our operations in russia may change as the situation evolves. our business in russia is experiencing increased input costs, supply chain complexities, reduced consumer demand, restricted access to raw materials and production assets, and restricted access to financial institutions, as well as increased supply chain, professional services, monetary, currency, trade and payment/investment sanctions and related controls. we are actively monitoring the situation, and as the business, geopolitical and regulatory environment concerning russia evolves, we may not be able to sustain the limited manufacture and sale of our products, and our assets may be partially or fully impaired. we are also monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks as a result of the war in ukraine and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures designed to address the evolving threat landscape.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report results of operations and related information this section presents a discussion and analysis of net sales, operating profit and other information relevant to an understanding of 2023 results of operations.
consolidated selected financial results                                                                                      year ended december 31
2023                                                                                             2022               change
2023 vs. 2022
net sales:
north america                                                 $11,132                     $10,663                   +4            %
outside north america                                           9,552                       9,799                   -3            %
intergeographic sales                                           (253)                       (287)                   -12           %
total net sales                                                20,431                      20,175                   +1            %
operating profit:
north america                                                   2,475                       2,071                   +20           %
outside north america                                           1,056                         979                   +8            %
corporate &amp; other(a)                                      (1,118)                       (412)                   n.m.
other (income) and expense, net(a)                                 69                        (43)                   n.m.
total operating profit                                          2,344                       2,681                   -13           %
provision for income taxes                                      (453)                       (495)                   -8            %
share of net income of equity companies                           196                         116                   +69           %
net income attributable to kimberly-clark corporation           1,764                       1,934                   -9            %
diluted earnings per share                                       5.21                        5.72                   -9            %
(a)    corporate & other and other (income) and expense, net includes income and expenses not associated with the business segments, including adjustments as indicated in the non-gaap reconciliations.
gaap to non-gaap reconciliations of selected financial results twelve months ended december 31, 2023
as                    sale of brazil tissue and                    impairment of intangible assets               pension settlements                              as reported                    k-c professional business                                                                                                             adjusted non-gaap cost of products sold                                                     $13,399                               $15                                               $-                            $-                                          $13,384
gross profit                                                                7,032                              (15)                                                -                            -                                             7,047
marketing, research and general expenses                                    3,961                                15                                                -                            -                                             3,946
impairment of intangible assets                                               658                                 -                                              658                            -                                                 -
other (income) and expense, net                                                69                              (74)                                                -                            -                                               143
operating profit                                                            2,344                                44                                            (658)                            -                                             2,958
nonoperating expense                                                         (96)                                 -                                                -                            (35)                                           (61)
provision for income taxes                                                  (453)                              (18)                                              175                9                                                         (619)
effective tax rate                                                      22.4    %                                 -                                                -                            -                                         23.2    %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                             -                                 -                                               20                            -                                              (20)
net income attributable to kimberly-clark corporation                       1,764                                26                                            (463)                            (26)                                          2,227
diluted earnings per share(a)                                                5.21                              0.08                                           (1.36)                            (0.08)                                         6.57
21                kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report twelve months ended december 31, 2022
as                   acquisition of controlling interest in thinx               pension settlements                                as reported                                                                                                                           adjusted non-gaap marketing, research and general expenses                                $3,581                                                $21                                $-                                        $3,560
other (income) and expense, net                                           (43)                                               (85)                                -                                             42
operating profit                                                         2,681                                                 64                                -                                          2,617
nonoperating expense                                                      (73)                                                  -                                (52)                                        (21)
provision for income taxes                                               (495)                                                  4                                             13                            (512)
effective tax rate                                                        21.2    %                                             -                                -                                           22.0    %
net income attributable to kimberly-clark corporation                    1,934                                                 68                                (39)                                       1,905
diluted earnings per share(a)                                             5.72                                               0.20                                (0.12)                                      5.63
(a)    "as adjusted non-gaap" may not equal "as reported" plus "adjustments" as a result of rounding.
analysis of consolidated results percent change in net sales 2023 vs. 2022             volume                  net price                  mix/other         exited business(e)       currency                total(a)                 organic(b)
consolidated                                             (2)                          6                          1                        (1)            (3)                       1                          5
north america                                              -                                                     -                          -              -                                                  5
developed &amp; emerging                                 (5)                          8                          2                        (2)            (8)                     (6)                          5
developed markets                                        (6)                          9                          1                          -            (1)
percent change in                volume                  net price         input costs       cost savings(c)         currency translation       other(d)       total adjusted operating profit
2023 vs. 2022
twelve months ended              (6)            49                         (2)                                       (5)                        (35)
(a)    total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other, exited business and currency due to rounding and excludes intergeographic sales.
(b)    combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other.
(c)    benefits of the force (focused on reducing costs everywhere) program.
(d)    includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs.
(e)    impact of the sale of brazil tissue and k-c professional business.
net sales of $20.4 billion increased 1 percent compared to the year ago period. operating profit was $2,344 in 2023 and $2,681 in 2022. adjusted operating profit was $2,958 in 2023 and $2,617 in 2022. results benefited from higher net selling prices, $325 of cost savings from our force program, and improved product mix, partially offset by higher marketing, research and general expenses, unfavorable foreign currency effects, higher other manufacturing costs, lower volumes and higher input costs.
other (income) and expense, net was $69 of expense in 2023, which primarily reflected unfavorable foreign currency effects, including highly inflationary accounting adjustments, partially offset by the gain on the sale of the brazil tissue and k-c professional business. other (income) and expense, net was $43 of income in 2022, which primarily reflected the non-recurring, non-cash gain recognized upon the acquisition of a controlling interest in thinx related to the remeasurement of the carrying value of our previously held equity investment to fair value. adjusted other (income) and expense, net was $143 and $42 of expense in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the effective tax rate was 22.4 percent in 2023 compared to the effective tax rate of 21.2 percent in 2022. the adjusted effective tax rate was 23.2 percent in 2023 compared to 22.0 percent in 2022.
22                kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report our share of net income of equity companies was $196 in 2023 and $116 in 2022. kimberly-clark de mexico, s.a.b. de c.v. results in 2023 benefited from favorable foreign currency effects, higher net selling prices and cost savings, partially offset by higher input costs and general and administrative expenses.
diluted earnings per share were $5.21 in 2023 and $5.72 in 2022. adjusted earnings per share of $6.57 in 2023 increased 17 percent compared to $5.63 in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted operating profit and improved net income from our equity companies.
business segments personal care
2023                    2022                                            2023                    2022
net sales                    $10,691                 $10,622      operating profit                    $1,890                  $1,787
percent change in net sales               volume                  net price                  mix/other       currency                total(a)                 organic(b)
2023 vs. 2022
total personal care                          (1)                          5                          1            (5)                       1                          5
north america                                                                                        -              -                       4                          4
d&amp;e markets                              (4)                          9                          2           (11)                     (4)                          7
developed markets                            (5)                          6                          1            (2)                       -                          3
percent change in          volume                  net price         input costs                cost savings(c)         currency translation       other(d)                total operating profit
2023 vs. 2022
twelve months ended        (1)            31                         (3)               8                                (6)                        (23)           6
(a)    total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other and currency due to rounding and excludes intergeographic sales.
(b)    combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other.
(c)    benefits of the force program.
(d)    includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs.
net sales of $10.7 billion increased 1 percent compared to the year ago period, while organic sales increased 5 percent driven by changes in net selling prices and product mix of 5 percent and 1 percent, respectively, partially offset by lower volumes of approximately 1 percent. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by approximately 5 percent. changes in net selling prices and foreign currency exchange rates for d&e markets were primarily driven by highly inflationary economies.
operating profit of $1,890 increased 6 percent. results benefited from higher net selling prices, cost savings and improved product mix, partially offset by higher marketing research and general expenses and unfavorable foreign currency effects.
23                kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report consumer tissue
2023                    2022                                            2023                  2022
net sales                     $6,290                  $6,243      operating profit                    $976                  $806
percent change in net sales               volume                  net price   mix/other         exited business(e)             currency                total(a)                 organic(b)
2023 vs. 2022
total consumer tissue                        (3)                          6   -                 (2)                                 (1)                       1                          3
north america                                  -                          5   -                 -                                     -                       5                          5
d&amp;e markets                              (9)                          7   -                 (8)                                 (3)                    (13)                        (2)
developed markets                            (5)                          9   -                 -                                   (1)                       4                          4
percent change in          volume                  net price         input costs                cost savings(c)         currency translation       other(d)                total operating profit
2023 vs. 2022
twelve months ended        (7)            48                         (8)               14                               -                          (26)           21
(a)    total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other, exited business and currency due to rounding and excludes intergeographic sales.
(b)    combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other.
(c)    benefits of the force program.
(d)    includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs.
(e)    impact of the sale of brazil tissue and k-c professional business.
net sales of $6.3 billion increased 1 percent compared to the year ago period, while organic sales increased 3 percent driven by changes in net selling prices of 6 percent, partially offset by lower volumes of 3 percent. exited business decreased sales by approximately 2 percent, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by approximately 1 percent.
operating profit of $976 increased 21 percent. results benefited from higher net selling prices and cost savings, partially offset by higher other manufacturing costs, higher input costs, lower volumes and higher marketing research and general expenses.
k-c professional
2023                    2022                                            2023                  2022
net sales                     $3,404                  $3,256      operating profit                    $665                  $457
percent change in net sales               volume                  net price                  mix/other   exited business(e)         currency                    total(a)                 organic(b)
2023 vs. 2022
total k-c professional                       (5)                         10                          1   (1)                        (1)                                5                          7
north america                                (2)                          9                          -   -                          -                                  8                          8
d&amp;e markets                              (5)                         10                          1   (6)                        (6)                              (5)                          6
developed markets                           (13)                         13                          4   -                          -                                  4                          4
percent change in          volume                  net price                  input costs                cost savings(c)         currency translation       other(d)                total operating profit
2023 vs. 2022
twelve months ended        (14)           73                         10                         13                               (3)                        (33)           46
(a)    total may not equal the sum of volume, net price, mix/other, exited business and currency due to rounding and excludes intergeographic sales.
(b)    combined impact of changes in volume, net price and mix/other.
(c)    benefits of the force program.
(d)    includes impact of changes in product mix, marketing, research and general expenses, foreign currency transaction effects and other manufacturing costs.
(e)    impact of the sale of brazil tissue and k-c professional business.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report net sales of $3.4 billion increased 5 percent compared to the year ago period, while organic sales increased 7 percent driven by changes in net selling prices and product mix of 10 percent and 1 percent, respectively, partially offset by lower volumes of 5 percent. the decrease in volumes primarily reflected expected elasticity from pricing actions. exited business decreased sales by 1 percent, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by 1 percent.
operating profit of $665 increased 46 percent. results benefited from higher net selling prices, cost savings and lower input costs, partially offset by lower volumes, higher other manufacturing costs, higher marketing research and general expenses and unfavorable foreign currency effects.
liquidity and capital resources cash provided by operations cash provided by operations was $3,542 in 2023 compared to $2,733 in 2022. the increase was driven by the increase in operating profit, excluding the effect of non-cash charges, and improvements in working capital.
obligations the following table presents our total contractual obligations for which cash flows are fixed or determinable.
total                    2024                    2025                    2026                    2027                  2028                    2029+
long-term debt                               $7,993                     $566                    $559                    $403                    $601                  $698                  $5,166
interest payments on long-term debt           3,118                      289                     276                     254                     247                   224                   1,828
operating lease liabilities                     519                      145                     128                     110                      64                    27                      45
unconditional purchase obligations            3,042                    1,528                   1,029                     227                     227                    13                      18
open purchase orders                          1,285                    1,133                     131                      12                       5                     2                       2
total contractual obligations               $15,957                   $3,661                  $2,123                  $1,006                  $1,144                  $964                  $7,059
the unconditional purchase obligations are for the purchase of raw materials, primarily superabsorbent materials, pulp and utilities. although we are primarily liable for payments on the above operating leases and unconditional purchase obligations, based on historic operating performance and forecasted future cash flows, we believe exposure to losses, if any, under these arrangements is not material.
the open purchase orders displayed in the table represent amounts for goods and services we have negotiated for delivery.
the table does not include amounts where payments are discretionary or the timing is uncertain. the following payments are not included in the table:
•we will fund our defined benefit pension plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements and currently expect to contribute approximately $20 to these plans in 2024.
•other postretirement benefit payments are estimated using actuarial assumptions, including expected future service, to project the future obligations. based upon those projections, we anticipate making annual payments for these obligations of approximately $50 through 2033.
•accrued income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, deferred taxes and noncontrolling interests.
investing our capital spending was $766 in 2023 and $876 in 2022. proceeds from asset and business dispositions of $245 primarily reflected the sale of our brazil tissue and k-c professional business. acquisition of business, net of cash acquired of $46 in 2022 reflected the acquisition of a controlling interest of thinx. we expect capital spending to be approximately $900 in 2024.
financing we issue long-term debt in the public market periodically. proceeds from the offerings are used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of maturing debt or outstanding commercial paper indebtedness. see item 8, note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for details.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report our short-term debt, which consists of u.s. commercial paper with original maturities up to 90 days and/or other similar short-term debt issued by non-u.s. subsidiaries, was $2 as of december 31, 2023 (included in debt payable within one year on the consolidated balance sheet). the average month-end balance of short-term debt for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023 was $139. these short-term borrowings provide supplemental funding to support our operations. the level of short-term debt generally fluctuates depending upon the amount of operating cash flows and the timing of customer receipts and payments for items such as pension contributions, dividends and income taxes.
at december 31, 2023, total debt was $8.0 billion compared to $8.4 billion at december 31, 2022.
in 2023, cash paid for redemption of common securities of thinx of $95 was to acquire the remaining ownership of thinx. see item 8, note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details.
we maintain a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires in june 2028 and a $750 revolving credit facility which expires in may 2024.  these facilities, currently unused, support our commercial paper program, and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason.
in october 2021, members of the organization for economic co-operation and development/g20 inclusive framework on base erosion and profit shifting project ("inclusive framework") agreed to a two-pillar solution to reform the international tax framework to realign international taxation with economic activities and value creation. inclusive framework members agreed to a coordinated system of global anti-base erosion rules, referred to as pillar 2, that are designed to ensure large multinational enterprises pay a minimum 15 percent level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction in which they operate. many countries have formally implemented pillar 2, and several other countries have draft legislation to implement this framework. we do not expect pillar 2 current and proposed legislation to materially impact our effective tax rate or cash flows. we will continue to monitor and evaluate new legislation and guidance, which could change our current assessment.
the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulated the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), has completed its phase out of libor as of june 30, 2023. the effect of the elimination of libor was not material.
we paid $1.6 billion in dividends in 2023. the board of directors approved a dividend increase of 3.4 percent for 2024. we repurchase shares of kimberly-clark common stock from time to time pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs. during 2023, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $225 through a broker in the open market.
we believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends and other needs for the foreseeable future. further, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the u.s. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for the foreseeable future.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report critical accounting policies and use of estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. the critical accounting policies we used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are those that are important both to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require significant judgments by management with regard to estimates used. the critical judgments by management relate to accruals for sales incentives and trade promotion allowances, pension and other postretirement benefits, deferred income taxes and potential income tax assessments, and goodwill and other intangible assets. these critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors.
sales incentives and trade promotion allowances trade promotion programs include introductory marketing funds such as slotting fees, cooperative marketing programs, temporary price reductions and other activities conducted by our customers to promote our products. rebate and promotion accruals are based on estimates of the quantity of customer sales. promotion accruals also consider estimates of the number of consumer coupons that will be redeemed and timing and costs of activities within the promotional programs. generally, the estimated redemption value of consumer coupons and related expense are based on historical patterns of coupon redemption, influenced by judgments about current market conditions such as competitive activity in specific product categories, and the cost is recorded when the related revenue from customers is realized. our related accounting policies are discussed in item 8, note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
employee postretirement benefits substantially all regular employees in the u.s. and the united kingdom are covered by defined contribution retirement plans and certain u.s. and united kingdom employees previously earned benefits covered by defined benefit pension plans that currently provide no future service benefit (the "principal plans"). certain other subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans or, in certain countries, termination pay plans covering substantially all regular employees. our related accounting policies and account balances are discussed in item 8, note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
changes in certain assumptions could affect pension expense and the benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate used to calculate the obligations:
•long-term rate of return on plan assets. the expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis. in setting these assumptions, we consider a number of factors including projected future returns by asset class relative to the target asset allocation. actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and they are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate.
as of december 31, 2023, the principal plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately $1.0 billion. these unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the assumed investment returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension obligations, or (iii) other actuarial gains, and whether such accumulated actuarial losses at each measurement date exceed the "corridor" as required. if the expected long-term rate of return on assets for the principal plans were lowered by 0.25 percent, the impact on annual pension expense would not be material in 2024.
•discount rate. the discount (or settlement) rate used to determine the present value of our future u.s. pension obligation at december 31, 2023 was based on a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities with cash flows that largely match the expected benefit payments of the plan. for the united kingdom plan, the discount rate was determined based on yield curves constructed from a portfolio of high quality corporate debt securities. each year's expected future benefit payments were discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve rate to determine the pension obligations. if the discount rate assumptions for these same plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, the increase in annual pension expense would not be material in 2024, and the december 31, 2023 pension liability would increase by about $60.
•other assumptions. there are a number of other assumptions involved in the calculation of pension expense and benefit obligations, primarily related to participant demographics and benefit elections.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is estimated to approximate $50 in 2024. pension expense beyond 2024 will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other factors related to the covered participants in the plans.
substantially all u.s. retirees and employees have access to our unfunded health care and life insurance benefit plans. changes in significant assumptions could affect the consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rate used to calculate the obligations and the health care cost trend rate:
•discount rate. the determination of the discount rates used to calculate the benefit obligations of the plans is discussed in the pension benefit section above, and the methodology for each country is the same as the methodology used to determine the discount rate for that country's pension obligation. if the discount rate assumptions for these plans were reduced by 0.25 percent, the impact to 2024 other postretirement benefit expense and the increase in the december 31, 2023 benefit liability would not be material.
•health care cost trend rate. the health care cost trend rate is based on a combination of inputs including our recent claims history and insights from external advisers regarding recent developments in the health care marketplace, as well as projections of future trends in the marketplace.
deferred income taxes and potential assessments as a global organization, we are subject to income tax requirements in various jurisdictions in the u.s. and internationally. changes in certain assumptions related to income taxes could significantly affect consolidated results, particularly with regard to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, undistributed earnings of subsidiaries outside the u.s. and uncertain tax positions. our income tax related accounting policies, account balances and matters affecting income taxes are discussed in item 8, note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
•deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances. we have recorded deferred tax assets related to, among other matters, income tax loss carryforwards, income tax credit carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards and have established valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets. these carryforwards are primarily in non-u.s. taxing jurisdictions and in certain states in the u.s. foreign tax credits earned in the u.s. in current and prior years, which cannot be used currently, also give rise to net deferred tax assets. in determining the valuation allowances to establish against these deferred tax assets, many factors are considered, including the specific taxing jurisdiction, the carryforward period, income tax strategies and forecasted earnings for the entities in each jurisdiction. a valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
•undistributed earnings. as of december 31, 2023, we have accumulated undistributed earnings generated by our foreign subsidiaries of approximately $7.2 billion. earnings of $3.3 billion were previously subject to u.s. federal income tax. any additional taxes due with respect to such previously-taxed foreign earnings, if repatriated, would generally be limited to foreign and u.s. state income taxes. deferred taxes have been recorded on $0.8 billion of earnings of foreign consolidated subsidiaries expected to be repatriated. we do not intend to distribute the remaining $2.5 billion of previously-taxed foreign earnings and therefore have not recorded deferred taxes for foreign and u.s. state income taxes on such earnings. we consider any excess of the amount for financial reporting over tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. the determination of deferred tax liabilities on the amount of financial reporting over tax basis or the $2.5 billion of previously-taxed foreign earnings is not practicable.
•uncertain tax positions. we record our global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which we operate. where we believe that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in our income tax returns. where treatment of a position is uncertain, a liability is recorded based upon the expected most likely outcome taking into consideration the technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and facts of each matter. these liabilities may be affected by changing interpretations of laws, rulings by tax authorities or the expiration of the statute of limitations.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. intangible assets that are deemed to kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report have finite lives are amortized over their useful lives, generally ranging from 4 to 20 years. we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists to measure the acquisition date fair values of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired.
events and conditions that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common shares, increased competition or loss of market share, obsolescence, product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life, deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, or declining financial performance in comparison to projected results.
our related accounting policies, acquisition of thinx and goodwill and other intangible assets account balances and other intangible asset impairment charges are discussed in item 8, notes 1, 3 and 4, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill in our evaluation of goodwill impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors such as macroeconomic, industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environments, historical and projected financial performance, significant changes in the reporting unit and the magnitude of excess fair value over carrying amount from the previous quantitative impairment testing. if the result of a qualitative test indicates a potential for impairment, a quantitative test is performed. when a quantitative test is considered necessary, estimates of fair value for goodwill impairment testing are determined based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach. we use inputs from our long-range planning process to determine growth rates for sales and earnings. the other key estimates and factors used in the discounted cash flow include, but are not limited to, discount rates, actual business trends experienced, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, inflation and terminal growth rates.
for 2023, we completed the required annual assessment of goodwill for impairment for all of our reporting units using a qualitative assessment as of the first day of the third quarter, and we determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill significantly exceeds the carrying amount for each of our reporting units.
other intangible assets we evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets, primarily brands, to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, known technological advances and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
our estimate of the fair value of our brand assets is based on a discounted cash flow model and a market-based approach using inputs which include projected revenues from our long-range plan, assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands, and a discount rate. the cash flows used in the discounted cash flow model are consistent with those we use in our internal planning, which gives consideration to actual business trends experienced and the long-term business strategy.
we performed our 2023 impairment assessment of our intangible assets as of the first day of the third quarter, subsequent to the impairments recognized in the second quarter of 2023, and based upon a qualitative assessment, no additional impairment indicators were found to be present. see item 8, note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for details.
new accounting standards see item 8, note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards and their anticipated effects on our consolidated financial statements.
forward looking statements certain matters contained in this report concerning the business outlook, including raw material, energy and other input costs, the anticipated cost savings from our force program, cash flow and uses of cash, growth initiatives, innovations, marketing and other spending, net sales, anticipated currency rates and exchange risks, including the impact in argentina and türkiye, effective tax rate, contingencies and anticipated transactions of kimberly-clark, including dividends, share repurchases and pension contributions, constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and are based upon management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting kimberly-clark.
kimberly-clark corporation - 2023 annual report there can be no assurance that these future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated.  forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update them.
the assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that, among other things, depend on the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases. in addition, many factors outside our control, including the war in ukraine (including the related responses of consumers, customers, and suppliers and sanctions issued by the u.s., the european union, russia or other countries), pandemics, epidemics, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, supply chain disruptions, disruptions in the capital and credit markets, counterparty defaults (including customers, suppliers and financial institutions with which we do business), failure to realize the expected benefits or synergies from our acquisition and disposition activity, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and our projections of operating results and other factors that may affect our impairment testing, changes in customer preferences, severe weather conditions, regional instabilities and hostilities (including the war in israel), government trade or similar regulatory actions, potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products, energy costs, general economic and political conditions globally and in the markets in which we do business, as well as our ability to maintain key customer relationships, could affect the realization of these estimates.
the factors described under item 1a, "risk factors" in our form 10-k, or in our other sec filings, among others, could cause our future results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. other factors not presently known to us or that we presently consider immaterial could also affect our business operations and financial results.
