item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in future periods. the risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.
risks related to our operations unfavorable general economic and geopolitical conditions could negatively impact our financial results.
our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions, including global inflationary pressures, prevailing interest rates, credit market conditions, increased unemployment, levels of consumer and business confidence, bank failures, commodity (including energy) prices and supply, a recession or economic slowdown, trade policies, foreign currency exchange rates, changing policy positions or priorities, governmental rules and approaches to taxation, levels of government spending and deficits, and actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt. many of the jurisdictions in which our products are sold have experienced, and could continue to experience, unfavorable changes in economic conditions, which could negatively affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, our beverages, and certain markets in which our products are sold experienced intensified inflation throughout 2023, which may continue to accelerate in 2024. under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies, including private-label brands, which could reduce our profitability and negatively affect our overall financial performance. in addition, the occurrence or resurgence of global or regional health events, such as the covid-19 pandemic, and the related governmental, private sector and individual consumer responses, could contribute to a recession, depression or global economic downturn.
other financial uncertainties in our major markets and unstable geopolitical conditions or events in certain markets, including international conflicts, civil unrest, acts of war, terrorism, governmental changes, or changes in international relations, could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. geopolitical instability may also lead to heightened security risk, impacting employee safety and/or damage to infrastructure or our assets. at times, we have faced product boycotts resulting from activism, which have reduced demand for our products. restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders, price controls, limitations on profits, retaliatory tariffs, import authorization requirements and other restrictions on business activities, which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries or otherwise, could impact our profitability. in addition, u.s. trade sanctions against countries designated by the u.s. government as state sponsors of terrorism and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could increase significantly, which could make it difficult, or even impossible, for us to continue to make sales to bottlers in such countries. the imposition of retaliatory sanctions against u.s. multinational corporations by countries that are or may become subject to u.s. trade sanctions, or the delisting of our branded products by retailers in various countries in reaction to u.s. trade sanctions or other governmental actions or policies, could also negatively affect our business.
throughout 2023, the company faced disruptions to our operations due to international conflicts, including the conflict between russia and ukraine and conflicts in the middle east. these conflicts have resulted, and could continue to result, in volatile commodity markets; logistical, transportation and supply chain disruptions; increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems; reputational risk; heightened risks to employee safety; business disruptions (including labor shortages); reduced availability and increased costs of transportation, energy, packaging, raw materials and other input costs; sanctions, export controls and other legislation or regulation; or difficulty protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights. while we currently do not anticipate that the effects of these conflicts will have a material impact on our results of operations, we cannot predict how and the extent to which these conflicts will continue to affect our employees, operations, customers or business partners.
increased competition could hurt our business.
we operate in the highly competitive commercial beverage industry. for additional information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, including the names of certain of our significant competitors, refer to the heading "competition" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. our ability to maintain or gain share of sales in the global market or in regional or local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. competitive pressures may cause the company and our bottling partners to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our and our bottlers' ability to increase prices, as may be necessary in response to commodity and other cost increases. such pressures may also increase marketing costs along with in-store placement, slotting and other marketing fees. in addition, the rapid growth of e‐commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. if we do not continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain consumer interest, brand loyalty and market share while strategically expanding into other profitable categories of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected.
if we are not successful in our innovation activities, our financial results may be negatively affected.
achieving our business growth objectives depends in part on our ability to evolve and improve our existing beverage products through innovation and to successfully develop, introduce and market new beverage products. the success of our innovation activities depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends; obtain, maintain and enforce necessary intellectual property rights; and avoid infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. if we are not successful in our innovation activities, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives, which may have a negative impact on our financial results.
changes in the retail landscape or the loss of key retail or foodservice customers could adversely affect our financial results.
our industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in, and the blurring of the lines between, retail channels, particularly in europe and the united states. retailers may seek lower prices from us and our bottling partners, may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures in support of their businesses, and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private-label brands, any of which could negatively affect the coca-cola system's profitability. in addition, in developed markets, discounters and value stores are growing at a rapid pace, while in emerging and developing markets, modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets. our industry is also being affected by the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, which may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels. as we and our bottling partners build e-commerce capabilities, we may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without experiencing a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. if we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, including the rapid growth in digital commerce, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. in addition, our success depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail and foodservice customers. the loss of one or more of our key retail or foodservice customers could have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
if we are unable to expand our business in emerging and developing markets, our growth could be negatively affected.
our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets, which in turn depends on economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to work with local bottlers to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities, distribution networks, sales equipment and technology. additionally, we rely on local availability of talented management and employees to establish and manage our operations in these markets. scarcity of, or heavy competition for, talented employees could impede our abilities in such markets. moreover, the supply of our products in emerging and developing markets must match consumer demand for those products. due to product price, limited purchasing power and cultural differences, our products may not be accepted in any particular emerging or developing market.
if we do not successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected.
we believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business model possible. consequently, we continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business. some of the actions we may take from time to time in pursuing these opportunities may become a distraction for our managers and employees and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale, which may make it more difficult for us to retain or attract qualified managers and employees; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures of the affected business operations; and give rise to negative publicity, which could affect our corporate reputation. if we are unable to successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to attract or retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, our business could be negatively affected.
the success of our business depends on our company's and the coca-cola system's ability to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce as well as on our success in nurturing a culture that supports our growth and aligns employees around the company's purpose and work that matters most. competition for, along with compensation and benefits expectations of, existing and prospective employees has increased, especially in light of changing worker expectations and talent marketplace variability regarding flexible work models. in addition, the broader labor market is experiencing a shortage of qualified workers, which has further increased the competition we face for qualified employees. we may not be able to successfully compete for, attract or retain the highly skilled and diverse workforce that we want and may require for our future business needs, such as employees with advanced technology, artificial intelligence and machine learning, social media and digital marketing skills, and/or digital and analytics capabilities. changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate highly skilled technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. in addition, the unexpected loss of experienced and highly skilled employees due to an increase in aggressive recruiting for best-in-class talent could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled and diverse talent; to meet our goals related to fostering an inclusive and diverse culture; to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for our management team; to maintain a corporate culture that fosters innovation, collaboration and inclusion; or to design and successfully implement flexible work models that meet the expectations of employees and prospective employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success.
disruption of our supply chain, including increased commodity, raw material, packaging, energy, transportation and other input costs, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
at times, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions in our manufacturing operations and supply chain. in connection with our manufacturing and bottling operations, we and our bottling partners are dependent upon, among other things, various ingredients and other raw materials and packaging materials. for additional information on the raw materials and supplies we use in our business, refer to the heading "raw materials" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. some of the raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are available from a limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. we and our bottling partners may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with these suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective in preventing disruptions that may arise from shortages of any ingredients or other raw materials. furthermore, some of our suppliers are located in countries experiencing political instability or other risks and/or unfavorable economic conditions. in addition, adverse and extreme weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. any sustained or significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials could increase our costs and interrupt product supply, which could adversely impact our business.
we and our independent bottlers operate a large fleet of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute beverage products to customers. in addition, we and our independent bottlers use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate production plants, bottling plants and distribution facilities. increases in energy demand have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in higher energy prices, impacting us and our independent bottlers.
the raw materials and other supplies, including ingredients, agricultural commodities, energy, fuel, packaging materials, transportation, labor and other supply chain inputs that we use for the production and distribution of our products, are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors. these factors include changes in supply and demand; supplier capacity constraints; a deterioration of our or our bottling partners' relationships with suppliers; international conflicts; political uncertainties; acts of terrorism; governmental instability; inflation; weather conditions (including the effects of climate change); wildfires, floods and other natural disasters; disease or pests (including the impact of citrus greening disease on the citrus industry); agricultural uncertainty; health epidemics, pandemics or other contagious outbreaks (including covid-19); labor shortages, strikes or work stoppages; changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; governmental actions or controls (including import/export restrictions, such as new or increased tariffs, sanctions, quotas or trade barriers); port congestion or delays; transport capacity constraints; cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions; or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. many of our raw materials and supplies are purchased in the open market and the prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation. we expect the inflationary pressures on certain input and other costs to continue to impact our business in 2024.
our attempts to offset cost pressures, such as through price increases of some of our products, may not be successful. higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forgo some purchases altogether. to the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. furthermore, we may not be able to offset cost increases through productivity initiatives or through our commodity hedging activity.
if we do not successfully integrate and manage our acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, or if we are unable to realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits of our joint ventures or strategic relationships, our financial results could suffer.
we routinely evaluate opportunities to acquire businesses or brands to expand our beverage portfolio and capabilities. additionally, from time to time, we have acquired or taken control of bottling operations, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. acquisitions of businesses, brands or bottling operations may involve significant challenges and risks, and the expected benefits, including cost and growth synergies associated with such acquisitions, may take longer to realize than expected or may not be realized at all.
we have encountered, and may in the future encounter, challenges in successfully integrating the operations, technologies, services, products and systems of any acquired businesses, brands or bottling partners in an effective, timely and cost-efficient manner. we have faced, and may in the future face, difficulties in operating through new business models and/or supply chain models, or in new categories or territories, and challenges in extending company controls (including internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, data protection and cybersecurity), policies and governance structures (including with respect to food safety and quality, occupational safety, and sustainability) to newly acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, which, at times, has resulted in increased costs and negative publicity. our financial performance is impacted by how well we can integrate and manage our acquisitions, and we may not be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations. if we incur unforeseen liabilities or costs in connection with acquiring or integrating businesses, brands or bottling operations, experience internal control or product quality failures, or are unable to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for acquired businesses, brands or bottling operations, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.
we also participate in the sales of other beverage brands through licenses, joint ventures and strategic relationships. if we are unable to successfully manage our relationships with our joint venture partners or our strategic relationships, including our relationship with monster, or if for any other reason we fail to realize all or a significant portion of the benefits we expect from our joint ventures or strategic relationships, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
if our third-party service providers and business partners do not satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, or experience adverse events, our financial results could suffer.
in the conduct of our business, we rely on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners and other external business partners, for certain services in support of key portions of our operations. these third parties are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures, and are subject to legal, regulatory and market risks of their own. our third-party service providers and business partners may not fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms or applicable laws. in addition, while we have procedures in place for assessing risk along with selecting, managing and monitoring our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, cybersecurity, reputational and operational risk. if we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, or for any reason our third-party service providers or business partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities or experience events that could directly or indirectly impact us, our financial results could suffer.
if we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or if we or our bottling partners experience strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest, our business could suffer.
many of our employees at our key manufacturing locations and bottling plants are covered by collective bargaining agreements. while we generally have been able to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire and regard our relations with employees and their representatives as generally satisfactory, negotiations may nevertheless be challenging, as the company must have competitive cost structures in each market while meeting the compensation and benefits needs of our employees. if we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, our labor costs could increase, which could affect our profit margins. in addition, many of our bottling partners' employees are represented by labor unions. strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest at any of our major manufacturing facilities or at our bottling operations or our major bottlers' plants could impair our ability to supply concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners or our bottlers' ability to supply finished beverages to customers, which could reduce our net operating revenues and could expose us to customer claims. furthermore, from time to time, we and our bottling partners restructure manufacturing and other operations to improve productivity, which may have negative impacts on employee morale and work performance, result in escalation of grievances and adversely affect the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements. if these labor relations are not effectively managed at the local level, they could escalate in the form of corporate campaigns supported by the labor organizations and could negatively affect our company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products' acceptance by consumers.
risks related to consumer demand for our products obesity and other health-related concerns may reduce demand for some of our products.
there is concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity. ongoing public concern about obesity; other health-related public concerns surrounding consumption of sweetened beverages; the effects or perceived effects of the usage of weight-loss drugs on consumption patterns; potential new or increased taxes on sweetened beverages by government entities to reduce consumption or to raise revenue; additional governmental regulations concerning the advertising, marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our sweetened beverages; and negative publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry relating to the marketing, labeling or sale of sweetened beverages may reduce demand for, or increase the cost of, our sweetened beverages, which could adversely affect our profitability.
if we do not address evolving consumer product and shopping preferences, our business could suffer.
consumer product preferences have evolved and continue to evolve as a result of, among other things, health, wellness and nutrition considerations, including concerns regarding caloric intake associated with sweetened beverages and the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients; concerns regarding the perceived health effects of, or location of origin of, ingredients, raw materials or substances in our products or packaging, including due to the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid); shifting consumer demographics; changes in consumer tastes and needs coupled with a rapid expansion of beverage options and delivery methods; changes in consumer lifestyles; concerns regarding the environmental, social and sustainability impact of ingredient sources and the product manufacturing process; consumer emphasis on transparency related to ingredients we use in our products and collection and recyclability of, and amount of recycled content contained in, our packaging containers and other materials; concerns about the health and welfare of animals in our dairy supply chain; and competitive product and pricing pressures. in addition, in many of our markets, shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution, with consumers rapidly embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms. if we fail to address changes in consumer product and shopping preferences, do not successfully anticipate and prepare for future changes in such preferences, or are ineffective or slow in developing and implementing appropriate digital transformation initiatives, our share of sales, revenue growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.
product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business.
our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products. we have rigorous product safety and quality standards, which we expect our operations as well as our bottling partners to meet. however, despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality, we or our bottling partners at times have not met, and may not always meet, these standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation or acquisitions into beverage categories, such as value-added dairy and plant-based beverages, that are beyond our traditional range of beverage products. we and our bottling partners have had, and may in the future need, to recall products if they become contaminated or adulterated by any means or if they are mislabeled. a widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, and could also subject us to product liability claims and negative publicity, all of which could cause our business to suffer.
public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients, such as non-nutritive sweeteners and biotechnology-derived substances, and of other substances present in our beverage products or packaging materials, may reduce demand for our beverage products or result in additional governmental regulation.
public debate and concern about perceived negative health consequences of certain ingredients in our beverage products, such as synthetic colors, non-nutritive sweeteners and biotechnology-derived substances; substances that are present in our beverage products naturally or that occur as a result of the manufacturing process, such as 4-methylimidazole ("4-mei"), a chemical compound that is formed during the manufacturing of certain types of caramel coloring used in cola-flavored beverages; or substances used in packaging materials, such as bisphenol a ("bpa"), an odorless, tasteless food-grade chemical commonly used in the food and beverage industries as a component in the coating of the interior of cans, may affect consumers' preferences and cause them to shift away from some of our beverage products. in addition, increasing public concern about perceived or potential health consequences of the presence of ingredients or substances in our beverage products or in packaging materials (or alleged presence of substances such as pfas) and/or the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid) purporting to assess the health implications of consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in certain of our products or packaging materials have resulted, and could result, in additional governmental regulations concerning the advertising, marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our beverages; limitations on the use of certain ingredients or packaging; potential new or increased taxes on our beverages by government entities; and negative publicity, or actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry, all of which could damage the reputation of, and may reduce demand for, our beverage products.
if we are not successful in our efforts to digitalize the coca-cola system, our financial results could be negatively affected.
the digital evolution is affecting how we interact with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers and other business partners and stakeholders. we believe our future success will depend in part on our ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment. therefore, one of our top priorities is to digitalize the coca-cola system by, among other things, creating more relevant and more personalized experiences wherever our system interacts with consumers, whether in a digital environment or through digital devices in an otherwise physical environment; finding ways to create more powerful digital tools and capabilities for the coca-cola system's retail customers to enable them to grow their businesses; and digitalizing operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. if we are not successful in our efforts to digitalize the coca-cola system, our ability to increase sales and improve margins may be negatively affected, and the cost and expenses we have incurred or may incur in connection with our digitalization initiatives may adversely impact our financial performance.
if negative publicity, whether or not warranted, concerning product safety or quality, workplace and human rights, obesity or other issues damages our brand image, corporate reputation and social license to operate, our business may suffer.
our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the brand image of our existing products, build the brand image for new products and brand extensions, and maintain our corporate reputation and social license to operate. however, our continuing investment in advertising and marketing and our strong commitment to product safety and quality and human rights have not always had, and may not in the future always have, the desired impact on our products' brand image and on consumer preferences. product safety or quality issues, actual or perceived, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. in some emerging markets, the production and sale of counterfeit or "spurious" products, which we and our bottling partners may not be able to fully combat, may damage the image and reputation of our products. in addition, from time to time, we and our executives have engaged, and may in the future engage, in public policy endeavors that are either directly related to our products and packaging or to our business operations and the general economic climate affecting the company. these engagements in public policy debates have been, and could in the future be, the subject of criticism from advocacy groups or others that have a differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. similarly, our sponsorship relationships and associations with influencers have subjected us in the past, and could subject us in the future, to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals, hosts or entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support financially or through in-kind contributions, as well as by the influencers we collaborate with who may engage in actions or express opinions that may negatively reflect on our brand. likewise, campaigns by activists connecting us, or our bottling system or supply chain, with workplace, human rights or animal welfare issues, whether actual or perceived, could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation. additionally, negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the company or one of its brands, even if inaccurate or malicious, have in the past, and could in the future, generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the company. furthermore, allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting internationally recognized human rights; actual or perceived failure by our suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable workplace and labor laws, including child labor laws, or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers; actual or perceived failure by our suppliers, joint venture partners or other business partners to engage in proper animal welfare practices; and adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, water usage, environmental impact, labor relations or the like could negatively affect our company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products' acceptance by consumers. in addition, if we fail to respect our employees' and our supply chain workers' human rights, or inadvertently discriminate against any group of employees or hiring prospects, our ability to hire and retain the best talent will be diminished, which could have an adverse impact on our overall business.
if we are unable to successfully manage new product launches, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.
due to the highly competitive nature of the commercial beverage industry, the company continually introduces new products and evolves existing products to stimulate consumer demand. for instance, the company has directly entered the alcohol beverage category in numerous markets outside the united states, and in the united states, the company has established a wholly owned, indirect, firewalled subsidiary, which authorizes alcohol-licensed third parties to use certain of our trademarks and related intellectual property on alcohol beverages that contain company beverage bases. the success of new and evolved products depends on several factors, including timely and successful product development, adherence to new global and/or local standards of practice, consumer acceptance and stakeholder perception. such endeavors may also involve significant risks and uncertainties, including greater execution risks; higher costs; lower rates of sales; distraction of management from existing operations; lower product, category or industry knowledge and expertise; slower than expected or inadequate return on investments; increased competitive pressures; stakeholder scrutiny; and reliance on the performance of third parties. as we become subject to additional governmental regulations, including alcohol regulations related to licensing, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, and relationships with distributors, we may become exposed to the risk of increased compliance costs and disruptions to our existing business.
risks related to the coca-cola system we rely on our bottling partners for a significant portion of our business. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners, our business could suffer.
we generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners. as independent companies, our bottling partners, some of which are publicly traded companies, make their own business decisions that may not always align with our interests. in addition, some of our bottling partners have the right to manufacture or distribute their own products or certain products of other beverage companies. if we are unable to maintain operating and strategic alignment or agree on appropriate pricing and marketing and advertising support, or if our bottling partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and development efforts, they may take actions that, while maximizing their own short-term profits, may be detrimental to our company or our brands, or they may devote more of their resources to business opportunities or products other than those of the company. such actions could, in the long term, have an adverse effect on our profitability.
if our bottling partners' financial condition deteriorates, our business and financial results could be affected.
in the vast majority of our markets, our products are sold and distributed by independent bottling partners, and we therefore derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners. accordingly, the success of our business depends in part on our bottling partners' financial strength and profitability. while under our agreements with our bottling partners we generally have the right to unilaterally change the prices we charge for our concentrates and syrups, our ability to do so may be materially limited by our bottling partners' financial condition and their ability to pass price increases along to their customers. in addition, we have investments in certain of our bottling partners, which we account for under the equity method, and our operating results include our proportionate share of such bottling partners' income or loss. our bottling partners' financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our and their control, including competitive and general market conditions; the availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; loss of major customers; changes in or additional regulations; or disruptions of bottling operations that may be caused by strikes, work stoppages, labor unrest, natural disasters, international conflicts, acts of war, health epidemics, pandemics or other catastrophic events. a deterioration of the financial condition or results of operations of one or more of our major bottling partners could adversely affect our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups; and, if such deterioration involves one or more of our equity method investee bottling partners, it could also result in a decrease in our equity income and/or impairments of our equity method investments.
we may from time to time engage in refranchising activities or divestitures of certain brands or businesses, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
as part of our strategic initiative to focus on our core business of building brands and leading our system of bottling partners, we continue to seek opportunities to refranchise our consolidated bottling operations. our refranchising activities require significant attention and effort on the part of, and therefore may be a distraction for, senior management. if we are unable to complete future refranchising transactions on terms and conditions favorable to us, or if our refranchising partners are not efficient or not aligned with our long-term vision for the coca-cola system, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. additionally, we have divested and may in the future divest certain brands or businesses. these divestitures may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition if we are unable to offset impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested brands or businesses, or if we are otherwise unable to achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from such divestitures.
risks related to regulatory and legal matters increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or regulations, or unfavorable resolutions of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
we are subject to income tax in the united states and numerous other jurisdictions in which we generate profits. our overall effective income tax rate is a function of applicable local tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate, tax treaties between such jurisdictions, and the geographic mix of our income before income taxes, which is itself impacted by currency movements. consequently, the isolated or combined effects of unfavorable movements in tax rates, geographic mix or foreign currency exchange rates could reduce our net income. tax laws and regulations, including rates of taxation, are subject to revisions by individual taxing jurisdictions, and such revisions may result from multilateral agreements.
many jurisdictions have enacted legislation and adopted policies resulting from the organization for economic co-operation and development's ("oecd") anti-base erosion and profit shifting project. the oecd is currently coordinating a two pillared project on behalf of the g20 and other participating countries which would grant additional taxing rights over profits earned by multinational enterprises to the countries in which their products are sold and services rendered. pillar one would allow countries to reallocate a portion of profits earned by multinational businesses with an annual global revenue exceeding €20 billion and a profit margin of over 10% to applicable market jurisdictions. while the oecd issued draft language for the international implementation of pillar one in october 2023, both the substantive rules and implementation process remain under discussion at the oecd so the timetable for any implementation remains uncertain.
in december 2021, the oecd issued pillar two model rules which would establish a global per-country minimum tax of 15%, and the european union has approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate similar provisions into their respective domestic laws. the directive requires the rules to initially become effective for fiscal years starting on or after december 31, 2023. while it is uncertain whether the united states will enact legislation to adopt pillar two, numerous countries have enacted legislation, or have indicated their intent to adopt legislation, to implement certain aspects of pillar two effective january 1, 2024, with general implementation of the remaining global minimum tax rules by january 1, 2025. the oecd and implementing countries are expected to continue to make further revisions to their legislation and release additional guidance.
the company will continue to monitor developments to determine any potential impact in the countries in which we operate. to the extent additional legislative changes take place in the countries in which we operate, it is possible that these changes may increase uncertainty and have a material impact on our net income and cash flow. significant judgment is required in determining our annual income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions, estimates and accruals. the results of audits or related disputes could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made and for periods for which the statute of limitations is open.
for instance, the united states internal revenue service ("irs") is seeking to increase our u.s. taxable income for tax years 2007 through 2009 by an amount that creates a potential additional u.s. federal income tax liability of approximately $3.3 billion for that period, plus interest. the company firmly believes that the irs' claims are without merit and is pursuing, and will continue to pursue, all available administrative and judicial remedies necessary to vigorously defend its position. on november 18, 2020, the u.s. tax court ("tax court") issued an opinion ("opinion") predominantly siding with the irs. on november 8, 2023, the tax court issued a supplemental opinion (together with the original tax court opinion, "opinions") also siding with the irs as to the validity of the blocked-income regulations and its application to the brazilian legal restrictions. although the company disagrees with the unfavorable portions of the opinions and intends to vigorously defend its position, considering all avenues of appeal, there is no assurance that the courts will ultimately rule in the company's favor. it is therefore possible that all or some of the unfavorable portions of the opinions could ultimately be upheld. in that event, the company would be subject to significant additional liabilities for the years at issue and potentially also for the subsequent years if the unfavorable portions of the opinions were to be applied to the foreign licensees covered within the scope of the opinions. moreover, the irs could successfully appeal the portions of the opinions that are favorable to the company and/or assert new claims for additional tax relating to the subsequent years by broadening the scope to cover additional foreign licensees. these adjustments could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. any such adjustments related to years prior to 2018, either in the litigation period or thereafter, may also have an impact on the transition tax payable as part of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act ("tax reform act"). for additional information regarding the tax litigation, refer to part i, "item 3. legal proceedings" of this report.
increased or new indirect taxes could negatively affect our business.
our business operations are subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income, sometimes referred to as "indirect taxes," including import duties, tariffs, excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, taxes on sweetened or aerated beverages, packaging taxes, carbon taxes, property taxes and payroll taxes, in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate. in addition, in the past, the u.s. congress considered imposing a federal excise tax on beverages sweetened with sugar, hfcs or other nutritive sweeteners and may consider similar proposals in the future. as federal, state and local governments in the united states and throughout the world experience significant budget deficits, some lawmakers have singled out beverages among a plethora of revenue-raising items and have imposed or increased, or proposed to impose or increase, sales or similar taxes on beverages, particularly sweetened beverages and alcohol beverages, as well as packaging and/or packaging materials. increases in or the imposition of new indirect taxes on our business operations or products would increase the cost of products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make our products less affordable, which may negatively impact our net operating revenues and profitability.
changes in laws and regulations relating to beverage containers and packaging could increase our costs and reduce demand for our products.
we and our bottlers offer, among other beverage containers, nonrefillable containers in the united states and in various other markets around the world. legal requirements have been enacted in various jurisdictions requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged in connection with the sale, marketing and use of certain beverage containers. other proposals relating to beverage container deposits, recycling, recycling content, tethered bottle caps, ecotax and/or product stewardship, or prohibitions on certain types of plastic products, packages and cups (including packaging containing pfas) have been introduced and/or adopted in various jurisdictions, and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at federal, state and local levels, both in the united states and elsewhere. consumers' increased concerns and changing attitudes about solid waste streams and environmental responsibility and the related publicity could result in the adoption of additional such legislation or regulations in the future. if these types of requirements are adopted and implemented on a large scale, they could affect our costs or require changes in our distribution model, which could reduce our net operating revenues and profitability.
significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit sales of affected products.
various jurisdictions have adopted, and may seek to adopt, significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health effects. if these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products or make it necessary for us to reformulate certain of our products, resulting in adverse effects on our business.
for example, under one such law in california, known as proposition 65, if the state has determined that a substance causes cancer or harms human reproduction or development, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance, unless the exposure falls under an established safe harbor level or another exemption is applicable. for additional information regarding proposition 65, refer to the heading "governmental regulation" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. if we were required to add proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our beverage products produced for sale in california, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and potential adverse publicity could negatively affect our sales both in california and in other markets.
litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
we are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including, but not limited to, those arising out of our advertising and marketing practices, product claims and labels, competition, distribution and pricing, personal data protection and privacy, intellectual property and commercial disputes, tax disputes, and environmental and employment matters. we evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. these assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates.
we conduct business in markets with high-risk legal compliance environments, which exposes us to increased legal and reputational risk.
we have bottling and other business operations in markets with high-risk legal compliance environments. our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and agents with all united states and local laws and regulations and consent orders applicable to our business operations, including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. nonetheless, our policies, procedures and related training programs may not always ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation in the united states and internationally or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines as well as disgorgement of profits.
failure to adequately protect, or disputes relating to, trademarks, formulas and other intellectual property rights could harm our business.
our trademarks, formulas and other intellectual property rights (refer to the heading "patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks" in part i, "item 1. business" of this report) are essential to the success of our business. we cannot be certain that the legal steps we are taking around the world are sufficient to protect our intellectual property rights or that, notwithstanding legal protection, others do not or will not infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if changes in laws diminish or remove the current legal protections available to them, the competitiveness of our products may be eroded and our business could suffer. in addition, we could come into conflict with third parties over intellectual property rights, which could result in disruptive and expensive litigation. any of the foregoing could harm our business.
changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations could increase our costs or reduce our net operating revenues.
our company is subject to various laws and regulations in the countries and territories throughout the world in which we do business, including laws and regulations relating to competition, distribution and pricing, product safety, product design, advertising and labeling, container deposits, recycling, recycled content, product stewardship, the protection of the environment, occupational health and safety, employment and labor practices, machine learning and artificial intelligence, personal data protection and privacy, and data security. for additional information regarding laws and regulations applicable to our business, refer to the heading "governmental regulation" set forth in part i, "item 1. business" of this report. changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, changes in enforcement priorities of regulators, and differing or competing regulations and standards across the markets where our products or raw materials are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, have in the past resulted in, and could continue to result in, higher compliance costs, higher capital expenditures and higher production costs, or make it necessary for us to reformulate certain of our products, resulting in adverse effects on our business. in addition, increased or additional regulations to limit and/or report carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change; to discourage the use of plastic materials, including regulations relating to recovery and/or disposal of plastic bottles and other packaging materials due to environmental concerns; to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns; or to address wastewater discharge to protect local bodies of water, have in the past and could continue to result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us and our bottling partners, which could affect our profitability, or may impede the production, distribution, marketing and sale of our products, which could affect our net operating revenues. failure to comply with various laws and regulations (or allegations thereof), such as u.s. trade sanctions, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the office of foreign assets control trade sanction regulations and anti-boycott regulations; antitrust and competition laws; anti-modern slavery laws; anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; data privacy laws, including the european union's general data protection regulation and china's personal information protection law; tax laws and regulations; and a variety of other applicable local, national and multinational regulations and laws, could result in litigation or criminal or civil enforcement actions, including voluntary and involuntary document requests, the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, the suspension of production or distribution, costly changes to equipment or processes due to required corrective action, or the cessation or interruption of operations at our or our bottling partners' facilities, as well as damage to our or our bottling partners' image and reputation, all of which could harm our or our bottling partners' profitability.
risks related to finance, accounting and investments fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
we earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using many currencies other than the u.s. dollar. in 2023, we derived $29.2 billion of net operating revenues from operations outside the united states. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against other currencies affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. global events, including political instability, international conflicts, trade disputes, economic sanctions, inflation, increasing interest rates and emerging market volatility, and the resulting uncertainties, may cause currencies to fluctuate in relation to the u.s. dollar. due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weakness in some currencies may be offset by strength in other currencies over time. we also use derivative financial instruments to further reduce our net exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. however, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, could materially affect our financial results.
if interest rates increase, our net income could be negatively affected.
we maintain levels of debt that we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. we use debt financing to lower our cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. this exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. when and to the extent appropriate, we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to interest rate risks. however, our financial risk management program may not be successful in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to interest rate fluctuations. on december 31, 2021, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, the governing body responsible for regulating the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), ceased to publish certain libor reference rates. other libor reference rates, including u.s. dollar overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month maturities, ceased to be published in july 2023. as a result of the discontinuation of libor, we have amended our libor-referencing agreements to either reference the secured overnight financing rate or include mechanics for selecting an alternative rate, but it is possible that these changes may have an adverse impact on our financing costs as compared to libor in the long term. our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings. in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information of the company. in addition, some credit rating agencies also consider financial information of certain of our major bottling partners. it is our expectation that the credit rating agencies will continue using this methodology. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure; our major bottling partners' financial performance; changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength; the credit agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our or our major bottling partners' current or future financial performance and financial condition; or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. additionally, if the credit ratings of certain bottling partners in which we have equity method investments were to be downgraded, such bottling partners' interest expense could increase, which would reduce our equity income.
if we are unable to achieve our overall long-term growth objectives, the value of an investment in our company could be negatively affected.
we have established and publicly announced certain long-term growth objectives. these objectives are based on, among other things, our evaluation of our growth prospects, which are generally driven by the sales potential of our many beverage products, some of which are more profitable than others, and on an assessment of the potential price and product mix. we may not be able to realize the sales potential and the price and product mix necessary to achieve our long-term growth objectives.
default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses.
as part of our hedging activities, we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, including forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps, with various financial institutions. in addition, we have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the united states and abroad. as a result, we are exposed to the risk of default by or failure of counterparty financial institutions. the risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets. if one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or to retrieve our assets that are deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. in the event of default by or failure of one or more of our counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we may be required to recognize impairment charges that could materially affect our financial results.
we assess our noncurrent assets, including trademarks, goodwill and other intangible assets, equity method investments and other long-lived assets, as and when required by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states to determine whether they are impaired and, if they are, we record appropriate impairment charges. our equity method investees also perform similar recoverability and impairment tests, and we record our proportionate share of impairment charges recorded by them adjusted, as appropriate, for the impact of items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains. it is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges or our proportionate share of significant impairment charges recorded by equity method investees in the future and, if we do so, our net income could be materially adversely affected.
risks related to cybersecurity and data privacy if we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data or cybersecurity incidents, our operations could be disrupted, we may suffer financial losses and our reputation may be damaged.
we rely on networks and information systems and other technology ("information systems"), including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. we use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting and legal and tax requirements. in addition, we depend on information systems for digital marketing activities and electronic communications among our locations around the world and between company employees and our bottlers, customers, suppliers, consumers and other third parties. because information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or cybersecurity incidents. these incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations, such as system upgrades, or by user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations (which may include deepfake or social engineering schemes, ransomware and other forms of malware, business email compromise, cyber extortion, denial of service, or attempts to exploit vulnerabilities or gain unauthorized access), geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. cybercriminals have increasingly demonstrated advanced capabilities, such as use of zero-day vulnerabilities, and rapid integration of new technology such as generative artificial intelligence. in addition, cybersecurity incidents could result in unauthorized or accidental access to or disclosure of material confidential information or regulated personal data. if our information systems or third-party information systems on which we rely suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments for concentrates or finished products. unauthorized or accidental access to, or destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, falsification or unavailability of, information, or unauthorized access to machines and equipment could result in violations of data protection laws and regulations, misuse or malfunction of machines and equipment, damage to the reputation and credibility of the company, loss of opportunities to acquire or divest of businesses or brands, and loss of ability to commercialize products developed through research and development efforts and, therefore, could have a negative impact on net operating revenues. in addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us, our current or former employees, our bottling partners, other customers or suppliers, or consumers or other data subjects, and may become exposed to legal action and increased regulatory oversight, including governmental investigations, enforcement actions and regulatory fines. the company could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a cybersecurity incident or to repair or replace networks and information systems. these risks are also present with respect to our bottling partners, distributors, joint venture partners and suppliers that generally use separate information systems, not integrated with the information systems of the company, and that have cybersecurity programs and processes that differ in scope and complexity from our overall cybersecurity programs and processes. while we have established a third-party risk management program to address security risks, including relating to our bottling partners, our ability to monitor their security measures is limited, and we may experience secondary contractual, regulatory financial and reputational harm as a result of cybersecurity attacks, phishing attacks, viruses, malware, ransomware, hacking or similar breaches experienced by our bottling partners. these risks may also be present to the extent a business or bottler we have acquired, but which does not use our information systems, experiences severe damage, a system shutdown, service disruption or a cybersecurity incident.
like most major corporations, the company's information systems are a target of attacks. in addition, third-party providers of data hosting or cloud services, as well as our bottling partners, distributors, joint venture partners, suppliers or acquired businesses that use separate information systems, may experience cybersecurity incidents that may involve data we share with them. although the cybersecurity incidents that we have experienced to date, as well as those reported to us by our third-party partners, have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, such incidents could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. in order to address risks to our information systems, we continue to make investments in personnel, technologies and training. data protection laws and regulations around the world often require "reasonable," "appropriate" or "adequate" technical and organizational security measures, and the interpretation and application of those laws and regulations are often uncertain and evolving; there can be no assurance that our security measures will be deemed adequate, appropriate or reasonable by a regulator or court. moreover, even security measures that are deemed adequate, appropriate, reasonable or in accordance with applicable legal requirements may not protect the information we maintain against increasingly sophisticated attacks. in addition to potential fines, we could be subject to mandatory corrective action due to a cybersecurity incident, which could adversely affect our business operations and result in substantial costs for years to come. while we have purchased cybersecurity insurance, there are no assurances that the coverage would be adequate in relation to any incurred losses. moreover, as cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in types and amounts we view as appropriate for our operations.
if we fail to comply with privacy and data protection laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, business disruption, data loss, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, any of which could negatively affect our business and operating results.
in the ordinary course of our business, we receive, process, transmit and store information relating to identifiable individuals ("personal data"), including employees, former employees, vendors, third-party personnel, customers and consumers with whom we interact. as a result, we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy and data protection. these privacy and data protection laws may include different standards and obligations or may be interpreted and applied differently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. in addition, new legislation in this area may be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time or may revise the law in jurisdictions that already have privacy regulations. these laws impose operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal data, and many provide for significant penalties for noncompliance. some laws and regulations also impose obligations regarding cross-border data transfers of personal data. these requirements with respect to personal data have subjected and may continue in the future to subject the company to, among other things, additional costs and expenses and have required and may in the future require costly changes to our business practices and information technology and security systems, policies, procedures and practices. in addition, some countries are considering or have enacted data localization or residency laws, which require that certain data be maintained, stored and/or processed within their country of origin. maintaining local data centers in individual countries could increase our operating costs significantly. our security controls over personal data, the training of employees and vendors on data privacy and data security, and the policies, procedures and practices we have implemented or may implement in the future may not prevent the improper disclosure of personal data by us or the third-party service providers and vendors whose technology, systems and services we use in connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of personal data. our bottling partners, distributors, joint venture partners and suppliers have privacy and security controls and policies over personal data that differ in scope and complexity from our policies, procedures and practices, and we may also experience secondary contractual, regulatory, financial and reputational harm as a result of improper disclosure of personal data by our bottling partners. unauthorized access to or improper disclosure of personal data in violation of privacy and data protection laws could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to regulatory enforcement actions (including penalties, fines and investigations), and result in private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results. we have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and data protection standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. increased regulation of data collection, use, disclosure and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, enactment of new laws and regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business.
risks related to environmental and social factors our business is subject to evolving sustainability regulatory requirements and expectations, which exposes us to increased costs and legal and reputational risks.
we have established and publicly announced sustainability goals and aspirations. we also report progress related to the circular economy of packaging; water stewardship; climate; portfolio; sustainable agriculture; human and workplace rights and diversity, equity and inclusion. these goals reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. our ability to achieve our sustainability goals and targets and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal and other risks and is dependent on the actions of our bottling partners, suppliers and other third parties, some of which are outside of our control. if we are unable to meet our sustainability goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for sustainability issues, our reputation, and therefore our ability to sell products, could be negatively impacted. in addition, in recent years, investor advocacy groups and certain institutional investors have placed increasing importance on sustainability. if, as a result of their assessment of our sustainability practices, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our company. at the same time, there also exists "anti-esg" sentiment among certain stakeholders and government institutions, and we may face scrutiny, reputational risk, product boycotts, lawsuits or market access restrictions from these parties regarding our sustainability initiatives.
increasing focus on sustainability matters has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, evolving legal and regulatory requirements, including mandatory due diligence, disclosure and reporting requirements, as well as a variety of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards. we have incurred, and are likely to continue to incur, increased costs complying with such standards and regulations, particularly given the lack of convergence among standards. in addition, our processes and controls may not always comply with evolving standards and regulations for identifying, measuring and reporting sustainability metrics; our interpretation of reporting standards and regulations may differ from those of others; and such standards and regulations may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. in addition, methodologies for reporting our data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations (including from acquisitions and divestitures), and other changes in circumstances. any failure or perceived failure, whether or not valid, to pursue or fulfill our sustainability goals and aspirations or to satisfy various sustainability reporting standards or regulatory requirements within the timelines we announce, or at all, could increase the risk of litigation or result in regulatory actions.
increasing concerns about the environmental impact of plastic bottles and other packaging materials could result in reduced demand for our beverage products and increased production and distribution costs.
there are increasing concerns among consumers, governments and other stakeholders about the damaging impact of the accumulation of plastic bottles and other packaging materials in the environment, particularly in the world's waterways, lakes and oceans, as well as inefficient use of resources when packaging materials are not included in a circular economy. we and our bottling partners sell certain of our beverage products in plastic bottles and use other packaging materials that, while largely recyclable, may not be regularly recovered and recycled due to lack of collection and recycling infrastructure. if we and our bottling partners do not, or are perceived not to, act responsibly to address plastic materials recoverability and recycling concerns and associated waste management issues, our corporate image and brand reputation could be damaged, which may cause some consumers to reduce or discontinue consumption of some of our beverage products. in addition, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and targets to reduce the coca-cola system's impact on the environment by, for example, increasing our use of recycled content in our packaging materials; increasing our use of packaging materials that are made in part of plant-based renewable materials; expanding our use of reusable packaging (including refillable or returnable glass and plastic bottles, as well as dispensed and fountain delivery models where consumers use refillable containers for our beverages); participating in programs and initiatives to reclaim or recover bottles and other packaging materials that are already in the environment; and taking other actions and participating in other programs and initiatives organized or sponsored by nongovernmental organizations and other groups. if we and our bottling partners fail to achieve or improperly report on our progress toward achieving our announced environmental goals and targets, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect consumer preference for our products. in addition, in response to environmental concerns, governmental entities in the united states and in many other jurisdictions around the world have adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations and policies designed to mandate or encourage plastic packaging waste reduction and an increase in recycling rates and/or recycled content minimums, or, in some cases, restrict or even prohibit the use of certain plastic containers or packaging materials. these regulations and policies, whatever their scope or form, could increase the cost of our beverage products or otherwise put the company at a competitive disadvantage. in addition, our increased focus on reducing plastic containers and other packaging materials waste has in the past and may continue to require us or our bottling partners to incur additional expenses and to increase our capital expenditures. a reduction in consumer demand for our products and/or an increase in costs and expenditures relating to production and distribution as a result of these environmental concerns regarding plastic bottles and other packaging materials could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact the coca-cola system's costs and capacity.
water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies and is needed in our manufacturing process. it also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve and the ecosystems in which we operate. water is a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing pollution and emerging awareness of potential contaminants, poor management, lack of physical or financial access to water, sociopolitical tensions due to lack of public infrastructure in certain areas of the world and the effects of climate change. as the demand for water continues to increase around the world, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, the coca-cola system may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints and the possibility of reputational damage, which could adversely affect our profitability.
increased demand for food products, decreased agricultural productivity and increased regulation of ingredient sourcing due diligence may negatively affect our business.
as part of the manufacture of our beverage products, we and our bottling partners use a number of key ingredients that are derived from agricultural commodities such as sugarcane, corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea. increased demand for food products; decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns; loss of biodiversity; increased agricultural regulations, including regulation of ingredient sourcing due diligence; and other factors have in the past, and may in the future, limit the availability and/or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities and could impact the food security of communities around the world. if we are unable to implement programs focused on economic opportunity and environmental sustainability to address these agricultural challenges and fail to make a strategic impact on food security through joint efforts with bottlers, farmers, communities, suppliers and key partners, as well as through our increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture, our ability to source raw materials for use in our manufacturing processes and the affordability of our products and ultimately our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
climate change and legal or regulatory responses thereto may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
there is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is causing significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as sugarcane, corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea, which are important ingredients for our products, and could impact the food security of communities around the world. climate change may also exacerbate extreme weather, resulting in water scarcity or flooding, and cause a further deterioration of water quality in affected regions, which could limit water availability for the coca-cola system's bottling operations. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. increasing concern over climate change also may result in additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment, and/or may result in increased disclosure obligations. increased energy or compliance costs and expenses due to increased legal or regulatory requirements may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the manufacturing and distribution of our beverage products. the physical effects and transition costs of climate change and legal, regulatory or market initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. in addition, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and targets to reduce the coca-cola system's carbon footprint by increasing our use of recycled packaging materials, expanding our renewable energy usage, and participating in environmental and sustainability programs and initiatives organized or sponsored by nongovernmental organizations and other groups to reduce greenhouse gas emissions industrywide. if we and our bottling partners fail to achieve or improperly report on our progress toward achieving our carbon footprint reduction goals and targets, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect consumer preference for our beverage products.
adverse weather conditions could reduce the demand for our products.
the sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. unusually cold or rainy weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for such periods.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the coca-cola company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this report. md&a includes the following sections:
•our business - a general description of our business and its challenges and risks.
•critical accounting policies and estimates - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates.
•operations review - an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2023 and 2022 and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2022 and 2021 and year-
to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 can be found in md&a in part ii, item 7 of the company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
•liquidity, capital resources and financial position - an analysis of cash flows, contractual obligations, foreign exchange, and the impact of inflation and changing prices.
our business general the coca-cola company is a total beverage company, and beverage products bearing our trademarks, sold in the united states since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries and territories. we own or license and market numerous beverage brands, which we group into the following categories: trademark coca-cola; sparkling flavors; water, sports, coffee and tea; juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages; and emerging beverages. we own and market several of the world's largest nonalcoholic sparkling soft drink brands, including coca-cola, sprite, fanta, coca-cola zero sugar and diet coke/coca-cola light.
we make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as the company's consolidated bottling and distribution operations. beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account for 2.2 billion of the estimated 64 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day.
we believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage options to meet their desires, needs and lifestyles. our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day.
our company operates in two lines of business: concentrate operations and finished product operations.
our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as "beverage bases," syrups, including fountain syrups, and certain finished beverages to authorized bottling operations (to which we typically refer as our "bottlers" or our "bottling partners"). our bottling partners either combine concentrates with still or sparkling water and sweeteners (depending on the product), or combine syrups with still or sparkling water, to produce finished beverages. the finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers, such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles, bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. in addition, outside the united states, our bottling partners are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups, using our concentrates, which they sell to fountain retailers for use in producing beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. our concentrate operations are included in our geographic operating segments and our global ventures operating segment.
our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling soft drinks and a variety of other finished beverages to retailers, or to distributors and wholesalers who in turn sell the beverages to retailers. generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate operations. these operations consist primarily of our consolidated bottling and distribution operations, which are included in our bottling investments operating segment. in certain markets, the company also operates non-bottling finished product operations in which we sell finished beverages to distributors and wholesalers that are generally not one of the company's bottling partners. these operations are generally included in one of our geographic operating segments or our global ventures operating segment. additionally, we sell directly to consumers through retail stores operated by costa. these sales are included in our global ventures operating segment. in the united states, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers, who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. these fountain syrup sales are included in our north america operating segment.
the following table sets forth the percentage of total net operating revenues attributable to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
year ended december 31,                  2023        2022
concentrate operations                 58   %      56   %
finished product operations            42          44
total                                 100   %     100   %
the following table sets forth the percentage of total worldwide unit case volume attributable to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
year ended december 31,                  2023        2022
concentrate operations                 83   %      82   %
finished product operations            17          18
total                                 100   %     100   %
we operate in the highly competitive commercial beverage industry. we face strong competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies. we, along with other beverage companies, are affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the cost to manufacture and distribute products, consumer spending, economic conditions, availability and quality of water, consumer preferences, inflation, geopolitical conditions including international conflicts, local and national laws and regulations, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, fuel prices, weather patterns and health crises.
despite the dynamic world in which we are currently operating, we believe we are well positioned to create value for our company and our stakeholders. in an effort to support our future growth, we are continuing to invest in our portfolio of brands, our strategic capabilities and our people. we are focused on the following strategic priorities: unlocking the potential of our portfolio of strong global, regional and scaled local brands; developing a robust innovation pipeline focusing on scalable initiatives; increasing consumer-centric marketing effectiveness and efficiency; winning in the marketplace with aligned data-driven revenue growth management and execution capabilities; and further embedding sustainability goals into our operations.
challenges and risks being a global enterprise provides unique opportunities for our company. challenges and risks accompany those opportunities. our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand the attention of our company and the commercial beverage industry. of these, six key strategic business challenges and risks are discussed below.
obesity obesity continues to impact individuals, communities and countries worldwide. there is concern among consumers, public health professionals and governments about the health problems associated with obesity. this concern represents a significant challenge to our industry. we understand that obesity is a complex public health challenge, and we are committed to being a part of the solution.
we recognize the uniqueness of consumers' lifestyles and dietary choices. therefore, we continue to:
•offer an expanded portfolio of beverage choices, including reduced-, low- and no-calorie beverage options;
•provide transparent nutrition information, featuring calories on the front of most of our packages;
•provide our beverages in a range of packaging sizes, including small sizes to enable portion control; and
•market responsibly, including no advertising targeted to children under 13.
the heritage of our company is to lead, and innovation is critical for leadership. as such, we are resolute in continuing to innovate and are committed to partnering with suppliers to invest in research and development of new noncaloric sweeteners and flavors that help us create the best tasting beverages, including options with low or no calories. we want to be a helpful and credible partner in the fight against obesity. across the coca-cola system, we are mobilizing our assets in marketing and in community outreach to increase awareness and spur action.
evolving consumer product preferences we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, on-the-go lifestyles and consumers who are empowered with more information than ever. as a consequence of these changes, many consumers want more beverage choices, personalization, a focus on sustainability, and transparency related to our products and packaging. we are committed to meeting changing consumer needs and to generating growth through our evolving portfolio of beverage brands and products (including numerous low- and no-calorie products); selectively expanding into other profitable categories of the commercial beverage industry; investing in innovative and sustainable packaging; and including easy-to-access information about our beverages on our website.
evolving competitive landscape and competing in the digital marketplace our company faces strong competition from well-established global companies as well as numerous regional and local companies. additionally, the rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce in many markets has led to dramatic shifts in consumer shopping habits and patterns. consumers are rapidly embracing shopping via mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms, which presents new challenges to maintain the competitiveness and relevancy of our brands. as a result, we must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to compete in a digital environment and maintain brand loyalty and market share. in addition, we are increasing our investments in e-commerce to support retail and meal delivery services, offering more package sizes that are fit-for-purpose for online sales and shifting more consumer and trade promotions to digital.
product safety and quality we strive to meet the highest standards in both product safety and product quality. we are aware that some consumers have concerns and negative viewpoints regarding certain ingredients used in our products. we only use ingredients that are authorized for use by regulatory authorities in each of the markets in which we operate. the coca-cola system works every day to produce high-quality, safe and refreshing beverages for consumers around the world. we have rigorous product and ingredient safety and quality standards designed to ensure safety and quality in each of our products, and we drive innovation that provides new beverage options to satisfy consumers' evolving needs and preferences.
we work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations and standards. we stay current with new regulations, industry best practices and marketplace conditions, and we engage with standard-setting and industry organizations. additionally, we manufacture and distribute our products according to strict policies, requirements and specifications set forth in an integrated quality management program that continually measures all operations within the coca-cola system against the same stringent standards. our quality management program also identifies and mitigates risks and drives improvement. in our quality laboratories, we stringently measure the quality attributes of ingredients as well as samples of finished products collected from the marketplace.
we perform due diligence to ensure that product and ingredient safety and quality standards are maintained in the more than 200 countries and territories where our products are sold. we regularly assess the relevance of our requirements and standards and continually work to improve and refine them across our entire supply chain.
sustainability matters investors and stakeholders increasingly focus on sustainability matters. we acknowledge that we have a role to play in developing and implementing solutions that help build resilience across our business. we report our sustainability progress in the following areas: circular economy of packaging; water stewardship; climate; portfolio; sustainable agriculture; human and workplace rights and diversity, equity and inclusion. our ability to achieve our sustainability goals is dependent on many factors, including, but not limited to, our actions along with the actions of various stakeholders, such as our bottling partners, suppliers, governments, nongovernmental organizations, communities, and other third parties, some of which are outside of our control.
talent acquisition and retention competition for existing and prospective personnel has increased, especially in light of changing worker expectations and talent marketplace variability regarding flexible work models. in addition, the broader labor market is experiencing a shortage of qualified workers, which has further increased competition for qualified employees that we want and may require for our future business needs.
our people and our culture are critical business priorities, and we strive to be a global employer of choice that attracts and retains high-performing talent with the passion, skills and mindsets to drive us on our purpose to refresh the world and make a difference. we are committed to building an equitable and inclusive culture that inspires and supports the growth of our employees, serves our communities and shapes a strong and more sustainable business.
see "item 1a. risk factors" in part i of this report for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following:
•principles of consolidation
•recoverability of equity method investments and indefinite-lived intangible assets
•pension plan valuations
•revenue recognition
•income taxes management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our company's board of directors. while our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of current events and on actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. for a discussion of the company's significant accounting policies, refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
principles of consolidation our company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. additionally, there are situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (i.e., ownership of a majority voting interest) does not apply. generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's voting interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business enterprise. this disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in which another entity holds a variable interest is referred to as a "vie." an enterprise must consolidate a vie if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the vie. the primary beneficiary has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.
our company holds interests in certain vies, primarily bottling operations, for which we were not determined to be the primary beneficiary. our variable interests in these vies primarily relate to equity investments, profit guarantees or subordinated financial support. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements. although these financial arrangements resulted in our holding variable interests in these entities, they did not empower us to direct the activities of the vies that most significantly impact the vies' economic performance. creditors of our vies do not have recourse against the general credit of the company, regardless of whether the vies are accounted for as consolidated entities.
we use the equity method to account for investments in companies if our investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee. our consolidated net income includes our company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. our judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investee includes considering key factors, such as our ownership interest, representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making decisions, other commercial arrangements and material intercompany transactions.
we eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions, including the intercompany transactions with consolidated vies and the intercompany portion of transactions with equity method investees.
recoverability of equity method investments and indefinite-lived intangible assets our company faces many uncertainties and risks related to various economic, political and regulatory environments in the countries and territories in which we operate, particularly in developing and emerging markets. refer to the heading "our business - challenges and risks" above and "item 1a. risk factors" in part i of this report as well as the heading "operations review" below for additional information related to our present business environment. as a result, management must make numerous assumptions, which involve a significant amount of judgment, when performing impairment tests of equity method investments and indefinite-lived intangible assets in various regions around the world. the performance of impairment tests involves critical accounting estimates. these estimates require significant management judgment and include inherent uncertainties. factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic lives of the assets, sales volume, pricing, royalty rates, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, long-term growth rates, discount rates, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. these factors are even more difficult to estimate when global financial markets are highly volatile. as these factors are often interdependent and may not change in isolation, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. if we had used other assumptions and estimates when impairment tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. furthermore, if management uses different assumptions in future periods, or if different conditions exist in future periods, impairment charges could result. the total future impairment charges we may be required to record could be material.
equity method investments equity method investments are reviewed for impairment whenever significant events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable. when such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our cost basis in the investment. the fair values of most of our company's investments in publicly traded companies are readily available based on quoted market prices. for investments in nonpublicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on various valuation methodologies, including discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds, and appraisals, as appropriate. we consider the assumptions that we believe a market participant would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. the ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. in the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. if management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of impairment charges, if applicable.
indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible assets must be performed at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. our company performs the annual impairment tests as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. we perform impairment tests using various valuation methodologies, including discounted cash flow models and a market approach, to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset or the reporting unit, as applicable. the ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. when performing these impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe are consistent with those a market participant would use. the estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate.
for indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the impairment testing described above.
we perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level, which is generally one level below our operating segments. our operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility, which is consistent with the way management runs our business. our geographic operating segments are generally subdivided into smaller geographic regions. these geographic regions are our reporting units. our global ventures operating segment includes the results of our costa, innocent and doğadan businesses, as well as fees earned pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the company and monster, each of which is its own reporting unit. the bottling investments operating segment includes all of our consolidated bottling operations, regardless of geographic location. generally, each consolidated bottling operation within our bottling investments operating segment is its own reporting unit. goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit or units that benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination.
in order to test for goodwill impairment, the company compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill is written down for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. however, the impairment charge recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. the assumptions used in our impairment testing models are consistent with those we believe a market participant would use. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the impairment testing discussed above. otherwise, the company does not need to perform any further assessment.
intangible assets acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, because they are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of acquisition. consequently, if operating results and/or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate shortly after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired assets. a deterioration of macroeconomic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses, including, but not limited to, the discount rates. if the discount rates change, our company may recognize an impairment of an intangible asset in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are equal to, or greater than, our previously forecasted amounts. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent acquisitions, if applicable.
in november 2021, the company acquired the remaining 85% ownership interest in, and now owns 100% of bodyarmor, which offers a line of sports performance and hydration beverages. the company allocated $4.2 billion of the purchase price to the bodyarmor trademark. as of december 31, 2023, the fair value of this trademark approximates its carrying value. if the near-term operating results of this trademark do not achieve our current financial projections, or if the macroeconomic conditions change causing the discount rate to increase without an offsetting increase in the operating results, it is likely that we would be required to recognize an impairment charge. management will continue to monitor the fair value of this trademark in future periods.
pension plan valuations our company sponsors a qualified pension plan covering substantially all u.s. employees as well as unfunded nonqualified pension plans for certain employees in the united states. in addition, our company and its subsidiaries have various pension plans outside the united states.
management is required to make certain critical estimates related to the actuarial assumptions used to determine our pension obligations and our net periodic pension cost or income. we believe the two most critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our actuarial assumptions are reviewed annually, or more frequently to the extent that a settlement or curtailment occurs. changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on the measurement of our pension obligations and our net periodic pension cost or income.
the discount rate assumption used to account for pension plans reflects the rate at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. the discount rate for u.s. and certain non-u.s. plans is determined using a matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve, developed from high-quality debt securities, are applied to projected benefit cash flows to determine the appropriate effective discount rate. for other non-u.s. plans, we base the discount rate assumption on comparable indices within each of the respective countries. the company measures the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic pension cost or income by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the plans' projected cash flows.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the long-term outlook of our investment strategy as well as our historical returns and volatilities for each asset class. we also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness of our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our investment objective for our pension assets is to ensure all funded pension plans have sufficient assets to meet their benefit obligations when they become due. as a result, the company periodically revises asset allocations, where appropriate, to seek to improve returns and manage risk.
in 2023, the company's total cost related to pension plans was $120 million, which included $38 million of net periodic pension cost and net charges of $82 million, primarily due to settlements and special termination benefits. in 2024, we expect our net periodic pension cost to be approximately $51 million. the increase in net periodic pension cost is primarily due to the net impact of the decrease in the weighted-average discount rate at december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022.
as of december 31, 2023, the u.s. qualified pension plan represented 63% and 56% of the company's consolidated projected benefit obligation and pension plan assets, respectively. for this plan, we estimate that a 50 basis-point decrease in the discount rate would result in an $8 million increase in our 2024 net periodic pension cost, and we estimate that a 50 basis-point decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would result in a $19 million increase in our 2024 net periodic pension cost.
refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our pension plans and related actuarial assumptions.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of the contracts with our customers are satisfied. our performance obligation generally consists of the promise to sell concentrates, syrups or finished products to our bottling partners, wholesalers, distributors or retailers. control of the concentrates, syrups or finished products is transferred upon shipment to, or receipt at, our customers' locations, as determined by the specific terms of the contract. upon transfer of control to the customer, which completes our performance obligation, revenue is recognized. our sales terms generally do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing defects on our part. after completion of our performance obligation, we have an unconditional right to consideration as outlined in the contract. our receivables will generally be collected in less than six months, in accordance with the underlying payment terms. all of our performance obligations under the terms of contracts with our customers have an original duration of one year or less.
in most markets, in an effort to allow our company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value, aligned financial objectives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers' always changing needs and tastes, we have implemented an incidence-based concentrate pricing model. under this model, the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, bottler pricing, the channels in which the finished products produced from the concentrates are sold, and package mix. the amounts associated with the arrangements described above represent variable consideration, an estimate of which is included in the transaction price as a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statement of income upon completion of our performance obligations. the total revenue recorded, including any variable consideration, cannot exceed the amount for which it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur when uncertainties related to variability are resolved. as a result, we are recognizing revenue based on our faithful depiction of the consideration that we expect to receive. in making our estimates of variable consideration, we consider past results and make significant assumptions related to: (1) customer sales volumes; (2) customer ending inventories; (3) customer selling price per unit; (4) selling channels; and (5) discount rates, rebates and other pricing allowances, as applicable. in gathering data to estimate our variable consideration, we generally calculate our estimates using a portfolio approach at the country and product line level rather than at the individual contract level. the result of making these estimates will impact the line items trade accounts receivable or accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheet, as applicable. the actual amounts ultimately paid and/or received may be different from our estimates.
income taxes our annual effective tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. significant judgment is required in determining our annual income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. we establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the position becomes uncertain based upon one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount; or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. for purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain, (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information; (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings and caselaw and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and (3) each tax position is evaluated without consideration of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. we adjust these reserves, including any impact on the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. refer to the heading "operations review - income taxes" below and note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
a number of years may elapse before a particular uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. the number of years subject to tax audits or tax assessments varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be recognized in income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position, amount and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation; or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. settlement of any particular issue would usually require the use of cash. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
tax laws require certain items to be included in the tax return at different times than when these items are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. as a result, the annual effective tax rate reflected in our consolidated financial statements is different from that reported in our tax return (our cash tax rate). some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the book basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities. the tax rates used to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities are the enacted tax rates in effect for the year and for the manner in which the differences are expected to reverse. based on the evaluation of all available information, the company recognizes future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered more likely than not.
we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by analyzing our forecasted taxable income using both historical and projected future operating results; the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences; taxable income in prior carryback years (if permitted); and the availability of tax planning strategies. a valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the company will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset.
the company does not record a u.s. deferred tax liability for the excess of the book basis over the tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries to the extent that the basis difference meets the indefinite reversal criteria. these criteria are met if the foreign subsidiary has invested, or will invest, the undistributed earnings indefinitely. the decision as to the amount of undistributed earnings that the company intends to maintain in non-u.s. subsidiaries takes into account various items, including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity plans, capital improvement programs, merger and acquisition plans, and planned loans to other non-u.s. subsidiaries. the company also evaluates its expected cash requirements in the united states. other factors that can influence that determination are local restrictions on remittances (for example, in some countries a central bank application and approval are required in order for the company's local country subsidiary to pay a dividend), economic stability and asset risk. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
operations review our organizational structure consists of the following operating segments: europe, middle east and africa; latin america; north america; asia pacific; global ventures; and bottling investments. our operating structure also includes corporate, which consists of a center and a platform services organization. for additional information regarding our operating segments and corporate, refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands in order to continually improve upon the company's operating performance, from time to time, we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. in addition, we periodically acquire brands and their related operations or enter into license agreements for certain brands to supplement our beverage offerings. these items impact our operating results and certain key metrics used by management in assessing the company's performance.
unit case volume growth is a key metric used by management to evaluate the company's performance because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. the company's unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers or consumers and, therefore, reflects unit case volume for both consolidated and unconsolidated bottlers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents) sold by, or used in finished products sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. for costa non-ready-to-drink beverage products, concentrate sales volume represents the amount of beverages, primarily measured in number of transactions (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents), sold by the company to customers or consumers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
when we analyze our net operating revenues, we generally consider the following factors: (1) volume growth (concentrate sales volume or unit case volume, as applicable); (2) changes in price, product and geographic mix; (3) foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and (4) acquisitions and divestitures (including structural changes as defined below), as applicable. refer to the heading "net operating revenues" below. the company sells concentrates and syrups to both consolidated and unconsolidated bottling partners. the ownership structure of our bottling partners impacts the timing of recognizing concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our consolidated bottling partners, we do not recognize the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume until the bottling partner has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our unconsolidated bottling partners, we recognize the concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when the concentrates or syrups are sold to the bottling partner. the subsequent sale of the finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party does not impact the timing of recognizing the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume. when we account for an unconsolidated bottling partner as an equity method investment, we eliminate the intercompany profit related to concentrate sales to the extent of our ownership interest, until the equity method investee has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party. we typically report unit case volume when finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups are sold to a third party, regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any.
we generally refer to acquisitions and divestitures of bottling operations as "structural changes," which are a component of acquisitions and divestitures. typically, structural changes do not impact the company's unit case volume or concentrate sales volume on a consolidated basis or at the geographic operating segment level. we recognize unit case volume for all sales of company beverage products, regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any. however, the unit case volume reported by our bottling investments operating segment is generally impacted by structural changes because it only includes the unit case volume of our consolidated bottling operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's acquisitions and divestitures.
"acquired brands" refers to brands acquired during the past 12 months. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to acquired brands in periods prior to the closing of a transaction. therefore, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume related to an acquired brand are incremental to prior year volume. we generally do not consider the acquisition of a brand to be a structural change.
"licensed brands" refers to brands not owned by the company but for which we hold certain rights, generally including, but not limited to, distribution rights, and from which we derive an economic benefit when the related products are sold. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to a licensed brand in periods prior to the beginning of the term of a license agreement. therefore, in the year that a license agreement is entered into, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume related to a licensed brand are incremental to prior year volume. we generally do not consider the licensing of a brand to be a structural change.
in august 2022, the company acquired a controlling interest in a bottling operation in malawi. the impact of this acquisition has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and europe, middle east and africa operating segments. additionally, the company refranchised our bottling operations in cambodia and vietnam in november 2022 and january 2023, respectively, the impact of which has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and asia pacific operating segments.
in may 2023 and july 2022, the company acquired certain brands in asia pacific. the impact of acquiring these brands has been included in acquisitions and divestitures in our analysis of net revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the asia pacific operating segment.
beverage volume we measure the volume of company beverage products sold in two ways: (1) unit cases of finished products and (2) concentrate sales. as used in this report, "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 u.s. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings), with the exception of unit case equivalents for costa non-ready-to-drink beverage products, which are primarily measured in number of transactions; and "unit case volume" means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers or consumers. unit case volume consists primarily of beverage products bearing company trademarks. also included in unit case volume are certain brands licensed to, or distributed by, our company, and brands owned by coca-cola system bottlers for which our company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive an economic benefit. in addition, unit case volume includes sales by certain joint ventures in which the company has an ownership interest. we believe unit case volume is one of the indicators of the underlying strength of the coca-cola system because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. the unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the company from its bottling partners and distributors. concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents) sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. for costa non-ready-to-drink beverage products, concentrate sales volume represents the amount of beverages, primarily measured in number of transactions (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents), sold by the company to customers or consumers. unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. factors such as seasonality, bottlers' inventory practices, supply point changes, timing of price increases, new product introductions and changes in product mix can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. in addition to these items, the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an ownership interest, but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, source waters or powders/minerals, may give rise to differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates.
information about our volume growth worldwide and by operating segment is as follows:
percent change 2023 versus 2022
unit cases               1,2       concentrate sales worldwide                                      2     %                                 2       %
europe, middle east &amp; africa             (2)                                       -
latin america                                  5                                       6
north america                                (1)                                     (1)
asia pacific                                   3                                       -
global ventures                                4                                       5
bottling investments                         (1)                       3                     n/a bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only.
geographic and global ventures operating segment data reflect unit case volume growth for all bottlers, both consolidated and unconsolidated, and distributors in the applicable geographic areas. global ventures operating segment data also reflects unit case volume growth for costa retail stores.
after considering the impact of structural changes, unit case volume for bottling investments grew 6%.
unit case volume the coca-cola system sold 33.3 billion and 32.7 billion unit cases of our products in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
unit case volume in europe, middle east and africa decreased 2%, which included a 3% decline in sparkling flavors, a 14% decline in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages, a 1% decline in trademark coca-cola, and a 2% decline in water, sports, coffee and tea. the operating segment reported declines in unit case volume of 6% in the europe operating unit and 1% in the eurasia and middle east operating unit, partially offset by growth in unit case volume of 3% in the africa operating unit. the decline in unit case volume in europe, middle east and africa was primarily due to the suspension of the company's business in russia in march 2022.
in latin america, unit case volume increased 5%, which included 5% growth in trademark coca-cola, 9% growth in water, sports, coffee and tea, 2% growth in sparkling flavors and 3% growth in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages. the operating segment's volume performance included 5% growth in both mexico and brazil.
unit case volume in north america decreased 1%, which included a 5% decline in water, sports, coffee and tea, partially offset by 3% growth in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages and 1% growth in sparkling flavors. trademark coca-cola performance was even.
in asia pacific, unit case volume increased 3%, which included 4% growth in both sparkling flavors and trademark coca-cola, 10% growth in juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages, and 1% growth in water, sports, coffee and tea. the operating segment reported growth in unit case volume of 11% in the india and southwest asia operating unit, 2% in the greater china and mongolia operating unit, and 1% in both the asean and south pacific and the japan and south korea operating units.
unit case volume for global ventures increased 4%, driven by growth in energy drinks, partially offset by a 1% decline in both water, sports, coffee and tea as well as juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverages.
unit case volume for bottling investments decreased 1%, which primarily reflects the impact of refranchising our bottling operations in vietnam and cambodia, partially offset by growth in india and south africa.
concentrate sales volume in 2023, worldwide concentrate sales volume and unit case volume both grew 2% compared to 2022. the differences between concentrate sales volume and unit case volume growth rates for the operating segments were primarily due to the timing of concentrate shipments and the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an ownership interest, but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, source waters or powders/minerals.
44
net operating revenues net operating revenues were $45,754 million in 2023, compared to $43,004 million in 2022, an increase of $2,750 million, or 6%.
the following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of the factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments:
percent change 2023 versus 2022
volume       price, product &amp; geographic mix        foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations        acquisitions &amp; divestitures   total consolidated                                 2    %                          10             %                               (4)                %                       (1)   %                      %
europe, middle east &amp; africa             -                               19                                            (12)                                          -
latin america                                6                               16                                             (3)                                          -   19
north america                              (1)                                8                                               -                                          -
asia pacific                                 -                                5                                             (5)                                          1                -
global ventures                              5                                2                                               -                                          -
bottling investments                         6                                8                                             (7)                                        (8)                -
note: certain rows may not add due to rounding.
represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments and our global ventures operating segment (expressed in unit case equivalents) after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, if any. for our bottling investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. our bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. refer to the heading "beverage volume" above.
includes structural changes, if any. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above.
refer to the heading "beverage volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate sales volumes.
"price, product and geographic mix" refers to the change in net operating revenues caused by factors such as price changes, the mix of products and packages sold, and the mix of channels and geographic territories where the sales occurred. the impact of price, product and geographic mix is calculated by subtracting the change in net operating revenues resulting from volume increases or decreases, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and acquisitions and divestitures from the total change in net operating revenues. management believes that providing investors with price, product and geographic mix enhances their understanding about the combined impact that the following items had on the company's net operating revenues: (1) pricing actions taken by the company and, where applicable, our bottling partners; (2) changes in the mix of products and packages sold; (3) changes in the mix of channels where products were sold; and (4) changes in the mix of geographic territories where products were sold. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
price, product and geographic mix had a 10% favorable impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. price, product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events, including, but not limited to, the following:
•europe, middle east and africa - favorable pricing initiatives, including inflationary pricing in türkiye and zimbabwe, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix;
•latin america - favorable pricing initiatives, including inflationary pricing in argentina, along with favorable channel and product mix, partially offset by increased funding for promotional and marketing support;
•north america - favorable pricing initiatives and favorable channel, package and product mix;
•asia pacific - favorable pricing initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix and increased funding for promotional and marketing support;
•global ventures - favorable pricing initiatives and favorable channel mix, primarily due to the favorable performance of costa in the united kingdom, offset by unfavorable product mix and the impact of no longer receiving covid-related incentives in the current year; and
•bottling investments - favorable pricing initiatives across most markets, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix.
the favorable pricing initiatives for the year ended december 31, 2023 in all operating segments included carryover pricing increases from the prior year.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 4%. this unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, zimbabwean dollar, south african rand, nigerian naira, turkish lira, japanese yen, indian rupee and chinese yuan, which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america; europe, middle east and africa; asia pacific; and bottling investments operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the mexican peso, which had a favorable impact on our latin america operating segment. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below for additional information about the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
"acquisitions and divestitures" generally refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the company considers to be structural changes. the impact of acquisitions and divestitures is the difference between the change in net operating revenues and the change in what our net operating revenues would have been if we removed the net operating revenues associated with an acquisition or a divestiture from either the current year or the prior year, as applicable. management believes that quantifying the impact that acquisitions and divestitures had on the company's net operating revenues provides investors with useful information to enhance their understanding of the company's net operating revenue performance by improving their ability to compare our year-to-year results. management considers the impact of acquisitions and divestitures when evaluating the company's performance. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures.
net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; price, product and geographic mix; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and acquisitions and divestitures. the size and timing of acquisitions and divestitures are not consistent from period to period. based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will have an unfavorable impact on our full year 2024 net operating revenues.
information about our net operating revenues by operating segment and corporate as a percentage of company net operating revenues is as follows:
year ended december 31,                       2023          2022
europe, middle east &amp; africa          16.2   %      16.0   %
latin america                             12.7          11.4
north america                             36.6          36.5
asia pacific                              10.3          11.0
global ventures                            6.7           6.6
bottling investments                      17.2          18.3
corporate                                  0.3           0.2
total                                    100.0   %     100.0   %
the percentage contribution of each operating segment fluctuates over time due to net operating revenues in some operating segments growing at a faster rate compared to other operating segments. in addition, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations impact the percentage contribution of each operating segment. for additional information about the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
gross profit margin gross profit margin is a ratio calculated by dividing gross profit by net operating revenues. management believes gross profit margin provides investors with useful information related to the profitability of our business prior to considering all of the selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating charges incurred. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
our gross profit margin increased to 59.5% in 2023 from 58.1% in 2022. this increase was primarily due to the impact of favorable pricing initiatives, favorable channel and package mix, and structural changes. the impact of these items was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and increased commodity costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses the following table sets forth the components of selling, general and administrative expenses (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                     2023            2022
selling and distribution expenses                     $2,599          $2,767
advertising expenses                                   5,010           4,319
stock-based compensation expense                         254             356
other operating expenses                               6,109           5,438
selling, general and administrative expenses         $13,972         $12,880
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $1,092 million, or 8%, in 2023. this increase was primarily due to higher advertising and other operating expenses, partially offset by decreases in selling and distribution expenses and stock-based compensation expense. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to higher other marketing expenses and increased charitable donations, as well as higher annual incentive expense and other employee benefit costs. the decrease in selling and distribution expenses was primarily a result of the refranchising of our bottling operations in vietnam and cambodia. the decrease in stock-based compensation expense was primarily due to the cumulative expense that was recorded in 2022 resulting from the impact a more favorable financial outlook had on the outstanding nonvested performance share units. in 2023, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased selling, general and administrative expenses by 3%.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $267 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based compensation awards granted under our plans, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of 1.7 years as stock-based compensation expense. this expected cost does not include the impact of any future stock-based compensation awards. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
other operating charges other operating charges incurred by operating segment and corporate were as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                         2023            2022
europe, middle east &amp; africa              $-            $(7)
latin america                                  -               -
north america                                 26              19
asia pacific                                  35              57
global ventures                                -               -
bottling investments                           -               -
corporate                                  1,890           1,146
total                                     $1,951          $1,215
in 2023, the company recorded other operating charges of $1,951 million. these charges consisted of $1,702 million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with our acquisition of fairlife in 2020, $164 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program and $35 million related to the discontinuation of certain manufacturing operations in asia pacific. in addition, other operating charges included $27 million related to the restructuring of our north america operating unit, $15 million for the amortization of noncompete agreements related to the bodyarmor acquisition in 2021 and $8 million related to tax litigation expense.
in 2022, the company recorded other operating charges of $1,215 million. these charges primarily consisted of $1,000 million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with the fairlife acquisition, $85 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program and $57 million related to the impairment of a trademark in asia pacific. in addition, other operating charges included $38 million related to the restructuring of our north america operating unit and $38 million related to the bodyarmor acquisition, which included various transition and transaction costs, employee retention costs and the amortization of noncompete agreements, net of the reimbursement of distributor termination fees recorded in 2021. these charges were partially offset by a net gain of $6 million due to revisions of management's estimates related to the company's strategic realignment initiatives.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the bodyarmor acquisition. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the tax litigation. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the fairlife contingent consideration and the impairment charge. refer to note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's restructuring initiatives. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
operating income and operating margin information about our operating income contribution by operating segment and corporate on a percentage basis is as follows:
year ended december 31,                         2023            2022
europe, middle east &amp; africa            37.2   %        36.3   %
latin america                               30.3            26.3
north america                               39.2            34.3
asia pacific                                18.0            21.1
global ventures                              2.9             1.7
bottling investments                         5.1             4.5
corporate                                 (32.7)          (24.2)
total                                      100.0   %       100.0   %
operating margin is a ratio calculated by dividing operating income by net operating revenues. management believes operating margin provides investors with useful information related to the profitability of our business after considering selling, general and administrative expenses and other operating charges. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
information about our operating margin on a consolidated basis and by operating segment and corporate is as follows:
year ended december 31,                       2023          2022
consolidated                              24.7   %      25.4   %
europe, middle east &amp; africa          56.8          57.4
latin america                             58.9          58.5
north america                             26.4          23.9
asia pacific                              43.2          48.9
global ventures                           10.7           6.5
bottling investments                       7.4           6.2
corporate                                        *             *
*    calculation is not meaningful.
operating income was $11,311 million in 2023, compared to $10,909 million in 2022, an increase of $402 million, or 4%. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 2% and favorable pricing initiatives. these items were partially offset by higher commodity costs; higher selling, general and administrative expenses; higher other operating charges; and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact.
the decrease in our operating margin on a consolidated basis was primarily due to higher commodity costs, increased marketing spending, higher other operating charges and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the impact of these items was partially offset by favorable pricing initiatives.
in 2023, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 8% due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, zimbabwean dollar, turkish lira, euro, south african rand, and japanese yen, which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america; europe, middle east and africa; bottling investments; and asia pacific operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the mexican peso, which had a favorable impact on our latin america operating segment. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
the company's europe, middle east and africa operating segment reported operating income of $4,202 million and $3,958 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by favorable pricing initiatives, partially offset by higher commodity costs, increased marketing spending, higher operating expenses and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 14%.
latin america reported operating income of $3,432 million and $2,870 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 6% and favorable pricing initiatives, partially offset by higher commodity costs, increased marketing spending, higher operating expenses and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 5%.
operating income for north america for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was $4,435 million and $3,742 million, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by favorable pricing initiatives, partially offset by a decline in concentrate sales volume of 1%, higher commodity costs, increased marketing spending, higher operating expenses and higher other operating charges.
asia pacific's operating income for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was $2,040 million and $2,303 million, respectively. the decrease in operating income was primarily driven by higher commodity costs, increased marketing spending and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 7%, partially offset by favorable pricing initiatives, lower other operating charges and the impact of acquired brands.
global ventures' operating income for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was $329 million and $185 million, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 5%, favorable pricing initiatives, decreased marketing spending and a favorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 3%, partially offset by higher operating expenses and the impact of no longer receiving covid-related incentives in the current year.
bottling investments' operating income for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was $578 million and $487 million, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by unit case volume growth of 6% and favorable pricing initiatives, partially offset by higher commodity costs, higher operating expenses, an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 7% and the refranchising of our bottling operations in vietnam and cambodia.
corporate's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was $3,705 million and $2,636 million, respectively. operating loss in 2023 increased primarily as a result of higher other operating charges due to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with the fairlife acquisition, higher operating expenses and increased marketing spending. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the fairlife contingent consideration.
interest income interest income was $907 million in 2023, compared to $449 million in 2022, an increase of $458 million, or 102%. this increase was primarily driven by higher returns on our corporate and certain international investments and higher average investment balances.
interest expense interest expense was $1,527 million in 2023, compared to $882 million in 2022, an increase of $645 million, or 73%. this increase was primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates on short-term borrowings and derivative instruments compared to the prior year. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
equity income (loss) - net equity income (loss) - net represents our company's proportionate share of net income or loss from each of our equity method investees. in 2023, equity income was $1,691 million, compared to equity income of $1,472 million in 2022, an increase of $219 million, or 15%. the increase reflects, among other items, the impact of more favorable operating results reported by some of our equity method investees in the current year and a favorable foreign currency exchange rate impact. these favorable impacts were partially offset by a $125 million increase in net charges resulting from the company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees.
other income (loss) - net in 2023, other income (loss) - net was income of $570 million. the company recorded a net gain of $439 million related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in vietnam, a net gain of $289 million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, and dividend income of $208 million. other income (loss) - net also included a net gain of $94 million related to the sale of our ownership interests in our equity method investees in pakistan and indonesia and net income of $51 million related to the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost. the company also recorded net foreign currency exchange losses of $312 million, $83 million of costs related to our trade accounts receivable factoring program and $67 million due to pension and other postretirement benefit plan settlement charges. additionally, the company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $39 million related to an equity method investee in latin america and charges of $32 million related to the restructuring of our manufacturing operations in the united states.
in 2022, other income (loss) - net was a loss of $262 million. the company recorded a net loss of $371 million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net foreign currency exchange losses of $236 million, an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $96 million related to an equity method investee in russia, and a net loss of $24 million as a result of one of our equity method investees issuing additional shares of its stock. additionally, other income (loss) - net included net income of $219 million related to the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit income, a net gain of $153 million related to the refranchising of our bottling operations in cambodia and dividend income of $111 million.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of our ownership interests in pakistan and indonesia and the refranchising of our bottling operations in vietnam and cambodia. refer to note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on equity and debt securities. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on pension and other postretirement benefit plan activity. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the restructuring of our manufacturing operations in the united states and the impairment charges. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
income taxes our effective tax rate reflects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the united states, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the statutory u.s. federal tax rate. as a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the company, certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants, including brazil, costa rica, singapore and eswatini. the terms of these grants expire from 2025 to 2036. we anticipate that we will be able to extend or renew the grants in these locations. tax incentive grants favorably impacted our income tax expense by $332 million and $406 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. in addition, our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method.
a reconciliation of the statutory u.s. federal tax rate and our effective tax rate is as follows:
year ended december 31,                                                                                   2023          2022
statutory u.s. federal tax rate                                                                       21.0   %      21.0   %
state and local income taxes - net of federal benefit                                                  1.1           1.4
earnings in jurisdictions taxed at rates different from the statutory u.s. federal tax rate          (0.3)         (0.6)
equity income or loss                                                                                (2.1)         (2.7)
excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation                                                      (0.3)         (0.7)
other - net                                                                                          (2.0)         (0.3)
effective tax rate                                                                                    17.4   %      18.1   %
on november 18, 2020, the tax court issued the opinion regarding the company's 2015 litigation with the irs involving transfer pricing tax adjustments in which the court predominantly sided with the irs. on november 8, 2023, the tax court issued a supplemental opinion, siding with the irs in concluding both that the blocked-income regulations apply to the company's operations and that the tax court opinion in 3m co. & subs. v. commissioner (february 9, 2023) controlled as to the validity of those regulations. the company strongly disagrees with the opinions and intends to vigorously defend its position. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2023, the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $929 million. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the net effect would be a benefit of $632 million, exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. the remaining $297 million primarily represents tax benefits that would be received in different tax jurisdictions in the event the company did not prevail on all uncertain tax positions.
a reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                     2023          2022
balance of unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year               $926          $906
increase related to prior period tax positions                             2             6
decrease related to prior period tax positions                          (25)             -
increase related to current period tax positions                          32            38
decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities                    -           (2)
decrease due to lapse of the applicable statute of limitations           (2)             -
effect of foreign currency translation                                   (4)          (22)
balance of unrecognized tax benefits at end of year                     $929          $926
the company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the line item income taxes in our consolidated statement of income. the company had $544 million and $496 million in interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. of these amounts, expense of $48 million and $43 million was recognized in 2023 and 2022, respectively. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the reversal of this accrual would be a benefit to the company's effective tax rate.
based on current tax laws, the company's effective tax rate in 2024 is expected to be approximately 19.2% before considering the potential impact of any significant operating and nonoperating items that may affect our effective tax rate. this rate does not include the impact of the ongoing tax litigation with the irs, if the company were not to prevail.
many jurisdictions have enacted legislation and adopted policies resulting from the oecd's anti-base erosion and profit shifting project. the oecd is currently coordinating a two pillared project on behalf of the g20 and other participating countries which would grant additional taxing rights over profits earned by multinational enterprises to the countries in which their products are sold and services rendered. pillar one would allow countries to reallocate a portion of profits earned by multinational businesses with an annual global revenue exceeding €20 billion and a profit margin of over 10% to applicable market jurisdictions. while the oecd issued draft language for the international implementation of pillar one in october 2023, both the substantive rules and implementation process remain under discussion at the oecd so the timetable for any implementation remains uncertain.
in december 2021, the oecd issued pillar two model rules which would establish a global per-country minimum tax of 15%, and the european union has approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate similar provisions into their respective domestic laws. the directive requires the rules to initially become effective for fiscal years starting on or after december 31, 2023. while it is uncertain whether the united states will enact legislation to adopt pillar two, numerous countries have enacted legislation, or have indicated their intent to adopt legislation, to implement certain aspects of pillar two effective january 1, 2024, with general implementation of the remaining global minimum tax rules by january 1, 2025. the oecd and implementing countries are expected to continue to make further revisions to their legislation and release additional guidance. the company will continue to monitor developments to determine any potential impact in the countries in which we operate.
liquidity, capital resources and financial position we believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of the fundamental strengths of our business. refer to the heading "cash flows from operating activities" below. the company does not typically raise capital through the issuance of stock. instead, we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners' equity. refer to the heading "cash flows from financing activities" below. we have a history of borrowing funds both domestically and internationally at reasonable interest rates, and we expect to be able to continue to borrow funds at reasonable rates over the long term. our debt financing also includes the use of a commercial paper program. we currently have the ability to borrow funds in this market at levels that are consistent with our debt financing strategy, and we expect to continue to be able to do so in the future. the company regularly reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt.
the company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities totaled $13.7 billion as of december 31, 2023. in addition to these funds, our commercial paper program and our ability to issue long-term debt, we had $4.6 billion in unused backup lines of credit for general corporate purposes as of december 31, 2023. these backup lines of credit expire at various times through 2028.
our current payment terms with the majority of our suppliers are 120 days. two global financial institutions offer a voluntary supply chain finance program which enables our suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables from the company to these financial institutions on a non-recourse basis at a rate that leverages our credit rating and thus may be more beneficial to them. we do not believe there is a risk that our payment terms will be shortened in the near future. refer to note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the company has a trade accounts receivable factoring program in certain countries. under this program, we can elect to sell trade accounts receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions at a discount. in these factoring arrangements, for ease of administration, the company collects customer payments related to the factored receivables and remits those payments to the financial institutions. the company sold $17,704 million and $10,709 million of trade accounts receivables under this program during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the costs of factoring such receivables were $83 million and $27 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the cash received from the financial institutions is classified within the operating activities section in our consolidated statement of cash flows.
our current capital allocation priorities are as follows: investing wisely to support our business operations, continuing to grow our dividend payment, enhancing our beverage portfolio and capabilities through consumer-centric acquisitions, and using excess cash to repurchase shares over time. we currently expect 2024 capital expenditures to be approximately $2.2 billion. during 2024, we also expect to repurchase shares to offset dilution resulting from employee stock-based compensation plans.
we are currently in litigation with the irs for tax years 2007 through 2009. on november 18, 2020, the tax court issued the opinion in which it predominantly sided with the irs. on november 8, 2023, the tax court issued a supplemental opinion, siding with the irs in concluding both that the blocked-income regulations apply to the company's operations and that the tax court opinion in 3m co. & subs. v. commissioner (february 9, 2023) controlled as to the validity of those regulations. the company strongly disagrees with the irs' positions and the portions of the opinions affirming such positions and intends to vigorously defend our positions utilizing every available avenue of appeal. while the company believes that it is more likely than not that we will ultimately prevail in this litigation upon appeal, it is possible that all, or some portion of, the adjustments proposed by the irs and sustained by the tax court could ultimately be upheld. in the event that all of the adjustments proposed by the irs were to be ultimately upheld for tax years 2007 through 2009 and the irs, with the consent of the federal courts, were to decide to apply the tax court methodology to the subsequent years up to and including 2023, the company currently estimates that the potential aggregate incremental tax and interest liability could be approximately $16 billion as of december 31, 2023. additional income tax and interest would continue to accrue until the time any such potential liability, or portion thereof, were to be paid. the company and the irs are now in the process of agreeing on the tax impacts of the opinions. subsequent to the completion of this process, the tax court will render a decision in the case. the company will have 90 days thereafter to file a notice of appeal to the u.s. court of appeals for the eleventh circuit. the irs can then seek to collect, and the company expects to pay, any additional tax related to the 2007 through 2009 tax years reflected in the tax court decision (and interest thereon). the company currently estimates that the payment to be made at that time related to the 2007 through 2009 tax years, which is included in the above estimate of the potential aggregate incremental tax and interest liability, would be approximately $5.8 billion (including interest accrued through december 31, 2023), plus any additional interest accrued through the time of payment. some or all of this amount, plus accrued interest, would be refunded if the company were to prevail on appeal. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the tax litigation.
while we believe it is more likely than not that we will prevail in the tax litigation discussed above, we are confident that, between our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities and our ability to borrow funds at reasonable interest rates, we can manage the range of possible outcomes in the final resolution of the matter.
based on all of the aforementioned factors, the company believes its current liquidity position is strong and will continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for the foreseeable future.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was $11,599 million and $11,018 million, respectively, an increase of $581 million, or 5%. this increase was primarily driven by strong operating results and lower marketing payments resulting from year-end accruals. these items were partially offset by an unfavorable impact due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, higher interest and tax payments in the current year, the unfavorable impact from the extension of certain vendor payment terms in the prior year, payments resulting from the buildup of inventory in the prior year to manage potential supply chain disruptions, payments related to our restructuring initiatives and $167 million of the $275 million milestone payment for fairlife. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the milestone payment for fairlife.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $3,349 million and $763 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
purchases of investments and proceeds from disposals of investments in 2023, purchases of investments were $6,698 million and proceeds from disposals of investments were $4,354 million, resulting in a net cash outflow of $2,344 million. in 2022, purchases of investments were $3,751 million and proceeds from disposals of investments were $4,771 million, resulting in a net cash inflow of $1,020 million. this activity primarily represents the purchases of, and proceeds from the disposals of, investments in marketable securities and short-term investments that were made as part of the company's overall cash management strategy. also included in this activity are purchases of, and proceeds from the disposals of, investments held by our captive insurance companies.
acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2023 and 2022, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $62 million and $73 million, respectively.
proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2023 and 2022, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $430 million and $458 million, respectively. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
purchases of property, plant and equipment purchases of property, plant and equipment during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were $1,852 million and $1,484 million, respectively.
total capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment and the percentage of such totals by operating segment and corporate were as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                         2023            2022
capital expenditures                      $1,852          $1,484
europe, middle east &amp; africa             2.3   %         3.3   %
latin america                                  -             0.3
north america                               22.3            18.9
asia pacific                                 1.2             1.5
global ventures                             10.4            12.0
bottling investments                        45.5            47.0
corporate                                   18.3            17.0
collateral (paid) received associated with hedging activities - net collateral received associated with our hedging activities during the year ended december 31, 2023 was $366 million and collateral paid associated with our hedging activities during the year ended december 31, 2022 was $1,465 million. refer to note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on our hedging activities.
other investing activities during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, the total cash inflow for other investing activities was $39 million and $706 million, respectively. the activities during 2022 included cash proceeds of $823 million received in advance of the refranchising of our bottling operations in vietnam. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on this transaction.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $8,310 million and $10,250 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
loans, notes payable and long-term debt our company maintains debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. this exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings.
as of december 31, 2023, our long-term debt was rated "a+" by standard & poor's and "a1" by moody's. our commercial paper program was rated "a-1" by standard & poor's and "p-1" by moody's. in assessing our credit strength, both rating agencies consider our capital structure (including the amount and maturity dates of our debt) and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information of the company. in addition, certain rating agencies also consider the financial information of certain bottlers, including ccep, coca-cola consolidated, inc., coca-cola femsa and coca-cola hellenic. while the company has no legal obligation for the debt of these bottlers, the rating agencies believe the strategic importance of the bottlers to the company's business model provides the company with an incentive to keep these bottlers viable. it is our expectation that these rating agencies will continue using this methodology. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, our major bottlers' financial performance, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. additionally, if certain bottlers' credit ratings were to decline, the company's equity income could be reduced as a result of the potential increase in interest expense for those bottlers.
we monitor our financial ratios and, as indicated above, the rating agencies consider these ratios in assessing our credit ratings. each rating agency employs a different aggregation methodology and has different thresholds for the various financial ratios. these thresholds are not necessarily permanent, nor are they always fully disclosed to our company.
our global presence and strong capital position give us access to key financial markets around the world, enabling us to borrow funds at a low effective cost. this posture, coupled with active management of our mix of short-term and long-term debt as well as our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, results in a lower overall cost of borrowing. our debt management policies, in conjunction with our share repurchase program and investment activity, can result in current liabilities exceeding current assets.
during 2023, the company had issuances of debt of $6,891 million, which included $6,436 million of issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days, $222 million of net issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less, and long-term debt issuances of $233 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2023, the company made payments of debt of $5,034 million, which consisted of $4,591 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and payments of long-term debt of $443 million.
during 2022, the company had issuances of debt of $3,972 million, which included $2,321 million of issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days, $798 million of net issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less, and long-term debt issuances of $853 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2022, the company made payments of debt of $4,930 million, which consisted of $3,623 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and payments of long-term debt of $1,307 million.
on december 31, 2021, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, the governing body responsible for regulating libor, ceased to publish certain libor reference rates. however, other libor reference rates, including u.s. dollar overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month maturities, continued to be published through june 2023. as a result of the discontinuation of libor, we have amended our libor-referencing agreements to either reference the secured overnight financing rate or include mechanics for selecting an alternative rate. refer to note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on our hedging activities.
issuances of stock the issuances of stock in 2023 and 2022 were related to the exercise of stock options by employees.
purchases of stock for treasury in 2012, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase plan of up to 500 million shares ("2012 plan") of the company's common stock. in may 2022, the company reached the maximum number of shares that could be repurchased under the 2012 plan and thereby completed the plan. in 2019, our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase plan of up to 150 million shares ("2019 plan") of the company's common stock.
during 2023, the total cash outflow for treasury stock purchases was $2,289 million. the company repurchased 36.9 million shares of common stock under the 2019 plan authorized by our board of directors. these shares were repurchased at an average price per share of $59.08, for a total cost of $2,177 million. the net impact of the company's issuances of stock and treasury stock purchases during 2023 resulted in a net cash outflow of $1,750 million.
during 2022, the total cash outflow for treasury stock purchases was $1,418 million. the company repurchased 21.3 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase plans authorized by our board of directors. these shares were repurchased at an average price per share of $62.67, for a total cost of $1,336 million. the net impact of the company's issuances of stock and treasury stock purchases during 2022 resulted in a net cash outflow of $581 million.
since the inception of our share repurchase program in 1984, we have repurchased 3.6 billion shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $17.96. in addition to shares repurchased under the share repurchase plans authorized by our board of directors, the company's treasury stock activity also includes shares surrendered to the company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees.
dividends the company paid dividends of $7,952 million and $7,616 million during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
at its february 2024 meeting, our board of directors increased our regular quarterly dividend to $0.485 per share, equivalent to a full year dividend of $1.94 per share in 2024. this is our 62nd consecutive annual increase. our annualized common stock dividend was $1.84 per share and $1.76 per share in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
other financing activities during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, the total cash outflow for other financing activities was $465 million and $1,095 million, respectively. the activities during 2023 included $108 million of the $275 million milestone payment for fairlife. the activities during 2023 and 2022 also included payments totaling $311 million and $637 million, respectively, related to the bodyarmor acquisition, which included amounts originally held back for indemnification obligations. additionally, other financing activities during 2022 included repayments of collateral related to our hedging programs of $403 million. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the milestone payment for fairlife.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023, the company's contractual obligations, including payments due by period, were as follows (in millions):
payments due by period total            2024         2025-2026         2027-2028          2029 and thereafter loans and notes payable:
commercial paper borrowings                              $4,209          $4,209              $-                $-                $-
lines of credit and other short-term borrowings             348             348               -                 -                 -
current maturities of long-term debt                      1,960           1,960               -                 -                 -
long-term debt, net of current maturities                36,694               -           2,936             7,579            26,179
estimated interest payments                               9,855             878           1,120               909             6,948
accrued income taxes                                      2,649           1,569           1,080                 -                 -
purchase obligations                                     23,392          13,701           3,330             2,057             4,304
marketing obligations                                     4,076           2,563             756               403               354
lease obligations                                         2,007             444             562               363               638
acquisition obligations                                   3,030              13           3,017                 -                 -
held-for-sale and related obligations                       903             809              64                21                 9
total contractual obligations                           $89,123         $26,494         $12,865           $11,332           $38,432
refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding loans and notes payable. upon payment of outstanding commercial paper, we typically issue new commercial paper. lines of credit and other short-term borrowings are expected to fluctuate depending upon current liquidity needs, especially at international subsidiaries.
refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding long-term debt. we will consider several alternatives for settling this long-term debt, including the use of cash flows from operating activities, issuance of commercial paper or issuance of other long-term debt. the table above shows expected cash payments to be made by the company and excludes the noncash portion of debt, including any fair value adjustments, unamortized discounts and premiums.
we calculated estimated interest payments for our long-term debt based on the applicable rates and payment dates. for our variable-rate debt, we have assumed the december 31, 2023 rate for all periods presented. we expect to fund such interest payments with cash flows from operating activities and/or short-term borrowings.
refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes. accrued income taxes include $2,029 million related to the one-time transition tax required by the tax reform act. liabilities of $1,476 million for unrecognized tax benefits plus accrued interest and penalties are not included in the total above. currently, the settlement period for the unrecognized tax benefits cannot be determined. in addition, any payments related to unrecognized tax benefits may be partially or fully offset by reductions in payments in other jurisdictions.
purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms. these agreements include long-term contractual obligations, open purchase orders, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities. we expect to fund these purchase obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
we expect to fund these marketing obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
primarily represents our contingent consideration liability related to our acquisition of fairlife. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
represents liabilities and contractual obligations that were classified as held for sale related to the company's bottling operations in the philippines and bangladesh and certain bottling operations in india. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the total accrued liability for pension and other postretirement benefit plans recognized as of december 31, 2023 was $948 million. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is impacted by, among other items, net periodic benefit cost or income, plan funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and the investment return on plan assets. because the accrued liability does not represent expected liquidity needs, we did not include this amount in the table above.
we expect to make all contributions to our pension trusts with cash flows from operating activities. our pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and tax regulations. the company expects to contribute approximately $47 million in 2024 to our pension trusts, all of which will be allocated to our international plans. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include our estimated contributions to our pension trusts in the table above.
56
as of december 31, 2023, the projected benefit obligation of the u.s. qualified pension plan was $4,094 million, and the fair value of the plan assets was $4,056 million. the projected benefit obligation of all pension plans other than the u.s. qualified pension plan was $2,450 million, and the fair value of the plans' assets was $3,204 million. the company sponsors various unfunded pension plans outside the united states as well as unfunded nonqualified pension plans covering certain u.s. employees. these u.s. nonqualified pension plans provide benefits that are not permitted to be funded through a qualified plan because of limits imposed by the internal revenue code of 1986. the expected benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans are not included in the table above. however, we anticipate benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans will be approximately $64 million annually for 2024 and 2025. thereafter, the expected annual benefit payments will gradually decline. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in general, we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however, we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the company's risk of catastrophic loss. our reserves for the company's self-insured losses are estimated using actuarial methods and assumptions of the insurance industry, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claims history. as of december 31, 2023, our self-insurance reserves totaled $197 million. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include estimated payments related to our self-insurance reserves in the table above.
deferred income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2023 were $2,639 million. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is not included in the table above because we believe that presentation would not be meaningful. deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the underlying assets or liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. the results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future years. as a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading, because this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2023, we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $633 million, of which $87 million was related to vies. our guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers, bottlers and vendors and arose through the normal course of business. these guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees is individually significant. these amounts represent the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees. however, management has concluded that the likelihood of any significant amounts being paid by our company under these guarantees is remote. as of december 31, 2023, we were not directly liable for the debt of any unconsolidated entity.
foreign exchange our international operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including currency fluctuations and governmental actions. we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments as well as to fluctuations in currencies. due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weakness in some currencies may be offset by strength in other currencies over time.
in 2023 and 2022, the weighted-average exchange rates for foreign currencies in which the company conducted operations (all operating currencies), and for certain individual currencies, strengthened (weakened) against the u.s. dollar as follows:
year ended december 31,                 2023          2022
all operating currencies             (2)   %       (8)   %
australian dollar                    (5)           (7)
brazilian real                         3             4
british pound                                     (11)
chinese yuan                         (7)           (3)
euro                                              (11)
indian rupee                         (6)           (5)
japanese yen                         (7)          (17)
mexican peso                          14             1
philippine peso                      (3)           (9)
south african rand                  (11)           (9)
the percentages in the table above do not include the effects of our hedging activities and, therefore, do not reflect the actual impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our operating results. our hedging activities are designed to mitigate, over time, a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our net income.
the total impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net operating revenues, including the effect of our hedging activities, was a decrease of 4% and 7% in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the total impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on income before income taxes, including the effect of our hedging activities, was a decrease of 8% and 6% in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. the effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheet. refer to note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements. foreign currency exchange gains and losses are recorded in the line item other income (loss) - net in our consolidated statement of income. refer to the heading "operations review - other income (loss) - net" above. the company recorded net foreign currency exchange losses of $312 million and $236 million during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
impact of inflation and changing prices inflation affects the way we operate in many markets around the world. in general, we believe that, over time, we will be able to increase prices to counteract the majority of the inflationary effects of increasing costs and to generate sufficient cash flows to maintain our productive capability.
