item 1a. risk factors.
our business and the businesses of our subsidiaries face many risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties could lead to events or circumstances that have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or equity and/or the business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or equity of one or more of our subsidiaries. we have described below the material risks facing us and our subsidiaries. there may be additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we do not currently perceive to be material that may also materially adversely impact our business or the businesses of one or more of our subsidiaries.
you should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information included in this report and any subsequent reports we may file with the sec and the information we make available to the public before investing in any securities issued by us. our subsidiaries, cna financial corporation and boardwalk pipeline partners, lp, also file reports with the sec. you are also cautioned to carefully review and consider the information contained in the reports filed by those subsidiaries with the sec and the information they make available to the public before investing in any of their securities.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, cna if cna determines that its recorded insurance reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, cna may need to increase its insurance reserves which would result in a charge to cna's earnings.
cna maintains insurance reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for reported and unreported claims. insurance reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex management estimates developed utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques as of a given reporting date. the reserve estimation process involves a high degree of judgment and variability and is subject to a number of factors which are highly uncertain. these factors can be affected by both changes in internal processes and external events. key variables include frequency of claims, claim severity, mortality, morbidity, discount rates, economic, social and medical inflation, claim handling policies and procedures, case reserving approach, underwriting and pricing policies, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and the lag time between the occurrence of an insured event and the time of its ultimate settlement. mortality is the relative incidence of death. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted.
there is generally a higher degree of variability in estimating required reserves for long-tail coverages, such as long-term care, workers' compensation, general liability and professional liability, as they require a relatively longer period of time for claims to be reported and settled. the impact of changes in economic and social inflation, and medical costs are also more pronounced for long-tail coverages due to the longer settlement period. certain risks and uncertainties associated with cna's insurance reserves are outlined in the insurance reserves and critical accounting estimates sections of md&a in item 7.
cna is subject to the uncertain effects of emerging and potential claims and coverage issues that arise as industry practices and legal, judicial, social, economic and other environmental conditions change. further, the impact of social inflation continues to be significant, and the trajectory of its future impact remains uncertain. in addition, passage of reviver statutes that extend, or eliminate, the statute of limitations for the reporting of claims, including statutes passed in certain states with respect to sexual molestation and sexual abuse, increase the uncertainty of the frequency of claims. these issues have had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims, resulting in further increases in cna's reserves. the effects of unforeseen emerging or potential claim and coverage issues are extremely difficult to predict and may be material.
in light of the many uncertainties associated with establishing the estimates and making the judgments necessary to establish reserve levels, cna continually reviews and changes its reserve estimates in a regular and ongoing process as experience develops from the actual reporting and settlement of claims and as the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. when cna's recorded reserves are insufficient for any reason, the required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges have been and in the future could be substantial.
cna's actual experience could vary from the key assumptions used to determine future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies.
cna's future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies are based on cna's best estimate actuarial assumptions, which are assessed quarterly and updated at least annually. key actuarial assumptions include morbidity, persistency (inclusive of mortality), anticipated future premium rate increases and expenses. the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and cna's future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring cna to increase reserves. the required increase in reserves is recorded as a charge against its earnings in the period in which reserves are determined to be insufficient. these charges have been and in the future could be substantial. the reserves are discounted using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of each reporting date. discount rates are subject to interest rate and market volatility. see the life & group policyholder reserves portion of the insurance reserves section of md&a in item 7 for more information.
morbidity and persistency experience, inclusive of mortality, can be volatile and may be negatively affected by many factors including, but not limited to, policyholder behavior, judicial decisions regarding policy terms, socioeconomic factors, cost of care inflation, changes in health trends and advances in medical care.
a prolonged period during which investment returns remain at low levels could result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting cna's obligations under long-term care policies. this risk is more significant for cna's long-term care products because the long potential duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. in addition, cna may not receive regulatory approval for the level of premium rate increases it requests. any adverse deviation between the level of future premium rate increases approved and the level included in cna's reserving assumptions may require an increase to its reserves.
cna is vulnerable to material losses from natural and man-made disasters.
catastrophe losses are an inevitable part of cna's business. various events can cause catastrophe losses. these events can be natural or man-made, and may include hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber-attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism. the frequency and severity of these catastrophe events are inherently unpredictable. exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence, which increases the potential for, and the potential losses due to, a catastrophic cyber event. catastrophic cyber-attack scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations and cyber-related catastrophic perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. in addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing and new types of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, its associated extreme weather events linked to rising temperatures and its effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels, rain, hail and snow. climate studies by government agencies, academic institutions, catastrophe modeling organizations and other groups indicate that climate change may be altering the frequency and/or severity of catastrophic weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, floods and other natural disasters.
the extent of cna's losses from catastrophes is a function of the total amount of its insured exposures in the affected areas, the frequency and severity of the events themselves, the level of cna's reinsurance coverage, reinsurance reinstatement premiums and state residual market assessments, if any. it can take a long time for the ultimate cost of any catastrophe losses to cna to be finally determined, as a multitude of factors contribute to such costs, including evaluation of general liability and pollution exposures, infrastructure disruption, business interruption and reinsurance collectibility. further, significant catastrophic events or a series of catastrophic events have the potential to impose financial stress on the reinsurance industry, which could impact cna's ability to collect amounts owed to cna by reinsurers, thereby resulting in higher net incurred losses.
reinsurance coverage for "unconventional" terrorism events (such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks) is provided only in limited circumstances. cna's principal reinsurance protection against these large-scale terrorist attacks is the coverage currently provided through the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra") through december 31, 2027. however, such coverage is subject to a mandatory deductible and other limitations. it is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect cna's business by increasing its exposure to terrorism losses, or by lowering its business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. for a further discussion of tripra, see part ii, item 7, md&a - catastrophes and related reinsurance.
as a result of the items discussed above, catastrophe losses are particularly difficult to estimate, could cause cna to exhaust its available reinsurance limits, could lead to large losses and could adversely affect the cost and availability of reinsurance. accordingly, catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the covid-19 pandemic, including new or emerging variants, other potential pandemics and related measures to mitigate the spread of the foregoing may continue to have adverse impacts on its business, results of operations and financial condition and could be material.
cna has experienced, and may continue to experience, increased claim submissions and litigation related to denial of claims based on policy coverage, or the facts of the claim, in certain lines of business that are implicated by the covid-19 pandemic and mitigating actions taken by its customers and governmental authorities in response to its spread. these lines include primarily healthcare professional liability, workers' compensation, commercial property-related business interruption coverage, management liability (directors and officers, employment practices and professional liability lines) and trade credit. cna recorded significant losses during 2020, a significant portion of which remain classified as incurred but not reported ("ibnr") reserves, in these areas and may experience continued losses, which could be material.
increased frequency or severity in any or all of the foregoing lines, or others where the exposure has yet to emerge, relating to long-term effects of covid-19, new or emerging variants, or other potential pandemics, and related measures to mitigate the spread of the foregoing may have a material impact on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna has incurred and may continue to incur substantial expenses related to litigation activity in connection with covid-related legal claims. these actions primarily relate to denial of claims submitted as a result of the pandemic and the mitigating actions taken, including lockdowns and closing of certain businesses. the significance of such litigation or any other litigation relating to new or emerging variants of covid-19 or other potential pandemics and related measures to mitigate the spread of the foregoing, both in substance and volume, and the resultant cna-initiated activities, including external counsel engagement, and the costs related thereto, may have a material impact on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna has exposure related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses.
cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries have exposures related to a&ep claims. cna's experience has been that establishing claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for casualty coverages relating to a&ep claims is subject to uncertainties that are greater than those presented by more traditional property and casualty claims. additionally, traditional actuarial methods and techniques employed to estimate the ultimate cost of claims for more traditional property and casualty exposures are less precise in estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for a&ep. as a result, estimating the ultimate cost of both reported and unreported a&ep claims is subject to a higher degree of variability. on august 31, 2010, cna completed a retroactive reinsurance transaction under which substantially all of its legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to national indemnity company ("nico"), a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc., subject to an aggregate limit of $4.0 billion ("loss portfolio transfer" or "lpt"). the cumulative amount ceded under the loss portfolio transfer as of december 31, 2023 is $3.6 billion. if the other parties to the loss portfolio transfer do not fully perform their obligations, net losses incurred on a&ep claims covered by the loss portfolio transfer exceed the aggregate limit of $4.0 billion or cna determines it has exposures to a&ep claims not covered by the loss portfolio transfer, cna may need to increase its recorded net reserves which would result in a charge against earnings. these charges could be substantial. additionally, if the a&ep claims exceed the limit of the loss portfolio transfer, cna will need to assess whether to purchase additional limit or to reassume claim handling responsibility for a&ep claims from an affiliate of nico. any additional reinsurance premium or future claim handling costs would also reduce cna's earnings.
cna is exposed to, and may face adverse developments related to, mass tort claims that could arise from, among other things, its insureds' sale or use of potentially harmful products or substances, changes to the social and legal environment, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, issues related to altered interpretation of coverage and other new and emerging claim theories.
cna faces potential exposure to various types of existing, new and emerging mass tort claims including, those related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances, such as glyphosate, lead paint, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("pfas") and opioids; claims arising from changes that expand the right to sue, remove limitations on recovery, extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise repeal or weaken tort reforms, such as those related to abuse reviver statutes, including new york reviver statutes; and claims related to new and emerging theories of liability, such as those related to global warming and climate change. evolving judicial interpretations and new legislation regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liability, as well as the application of insurance coverage to these claims, give rise to new and potentially more severe claim activity. for example, cna has recorded, and may continue to record, increases in its mass tort reserves, driven substantially by abuse reviver statutes that have resulted in increased claims. similar and continuing mass tort claim activity, including activity based on changing judicial interpretations and recent and proposed legislation could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna faces intense competition in its industry; it may be adversely affected by the cyclical nature of the property and casualty business and the evolving landscape of its distribution network.
all aspects of the insurance industry are highly competitive and cna must continuously allocate resources to refine and improve its insurance products and services to remain competitive. cna competes with a large number of stock and mutual insurance companies and other entities, some of which may be larger or have greater financial or other resources than cna does, for both distributors and customers. this includes agents, brokers and managing general underwriters who may increasingly compete with cna to the extent that markets continue to provide them with direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. insurers compete on the basis of many factors, including products, price, services, ratings and financial strength. the competitor landscape has evolved substantially in recent years, with significant consolidation and new market entrants, such as insuretech firms, resulting in increased pressures on cna's ability to remain competitive, particularly in obtaining pricing that is both attractive to cna's customer base and risk appropriate to cna.
in addition, the property and casualty market is cyclical and has experienced periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, resulting in less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. cna may lose business to competitors offering competitive insurance products at lower prices. as a result, cna's premium levels and expense ratio could be materially adversely impacted.
cna markets its insurance products worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance brokers and managing general underwriters who also promote and distribute the products of cna's competitors. any change in cna's relationships with its distribution network agents, brokers or managing general underwriters, including as a result of consolidation or their increased promotion and distribution of cna's competitors' products, could adversely affect cna's ability to sell its products. as a result, cna's business volume and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted.
cna's underwriting strategies currently rely on the effectiveness of reinsurance arrangements and cna accordingly faces risks relating to reinsurance, including obtaining reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, reinsurance counterparty risk and ineffective reinsurance coverage.
a primary reason cna purchases reinsurance is to manage its exposure to risk, thereby facilitating its underwriting strategies in certain key areas. under cna's ceded reinsurance arrangements, a reinsurer assumes a specified portion of its exposure in exchange for a specified portion of policy premiums. the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection cna purchases, which affects the volatility and profitability of its business, as well as the level and types of risk cna retains, is determined by many factors, including general economic conditions and conditions in the reinsurance market, such as the occurrence of significant reinsured events or unexpected adverse trends, including those associated with climate change. if cna is unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance at a cost or on terms and conditions it deems acceptable, cna's risk exposure will not be mitigated to the degree desired or it may forego such increased risk, thereby adversely impacting its underwriting strategies. in addition, use of reinsurance exposes cna to credit risk of the reinsurers, as the reinsurance arrangements do not relieve it of the liability to the customer. if a reinsurer is unable to meet its financial obligations under a reinsurance arrangement, cna will remain obligated under the original policies issued to its customers. furthermore, while cna uses various risk management methods, including the use of reinsurance, to effectively manage risk, there is the possibility that one or more natural catastrophes and/or terrorism or other events could result in claims substantially exceeding expectations, thereby making the reinsurance strategy significantly less effective. such reinsurance-related risks could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect its underwriting strategies in certain lines of business.
cna may be adversely affected by technological changes or disruptions in the insurance marketplace.
technological changes in the way insurance transactions are completed in the marketplace, and cna's ability to react effectively to such change, may present significant competitive risks. for example, more insurers are utilizing "big data" analytics to make underwriting and other decisions that impact product design and pricing. if such utilization is more effective than how cna uses its data and information, cna will be at a competitive disadvantage. there can be no assurance that cna will continue to compete effectively with its industry peers due to technological changes; accordingly this may have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, agents and brokers, technology companies or other third parties may create alternate distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. for example, they may create a digitally enabled distribution channel that may adversely impact cna's competitive position. cna's efforts or the efforts of agents and brokers with respect to new products or alternate distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize greater levels of data and technology, could adversely impact cna's business relationships with independent agents and brokers who currently market its products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources.
cna may incur significant realized and unrealized investment losses and volatility in net investment income arising from changes in the financial markets.
cna's investment portfolio is exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, credit spread, issuer default, equity prices and foreign currency, which are unpredictable. financial markets are highly sensitive to changes in economic conditions, monetary policies, tax policies, interest rates, domestic and international geopolitical issues and many other factors. changes in financial markets, including fluctuations in interest rates, credit, equity prices and foreign currency prices, and many other factors beyond cna's control can adversely affect the value of its investments, the realization of investment income and the rate at which it discounts certain liabilities. cna's investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. the valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of cna's investment portfolio that is carried at fair value in the financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur.
cna has significant holdings in fixed maturity investments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. a decline in interest rates may reduce the returns earned on new fixed maturity investments, thereby reducing cna's net investment income, while an increase in interest rates may reduce the value of its existing fixed maturity investments, which could increase cna's net unrealized losses or reduce its net unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"). the value of cna's fixed maturity investments is also subject to risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to deterioration in the financial condition of issuers of the investments cna holds or in the underlying collateral of the security.
in addition, cna invests a portion of its assets in limited partnerships and common stock which are subject to greater market volatility than its fixed maturity investments. limited partnership investments generally provide a lower level of liquidity than fixed maturity or equity investments, which may also limit cna's ability to withdraw funds from these investments. the timing and amount of income or losses on such investments is inherently variable and can contribute to volatility in reported earnings.
further, cna holds a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans. cna is subject to risk related to the recoverability of loan balances, which is influenced by declines in the estimated cash flows from underlying property leases, fair value of collateral, refinancing risk and the creditworthiness of tenants of the underlying properties, where lease payments directly service the loan. any changes in actual or expected collections would result in a charge to earnings.
as a result of these factors, cna may not earn an adequate return on its investments, may be required to write down the value of its investments and may incur losses on the disposition of its investments, all of which could materially adversely affect cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna uses analytical models to assist its decision making in key areas such as pricing, reserving, catastrophe risks and capital modeling and may be adversely affected if actual results differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
cna uses various modeling techniques and data analytics (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with its assets and liabilities. this includes both proprietary and third party modeled outputs and related analyses to assist cna in decision-making related to underwriting, pricing, capital allocation, reserving, investing, reinsurance and catastrophe risk, among other things. cna incorporates numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of policyholder behavior, loss frequency and severity, interest rates, equity markets, inflation, capital requirements, and currency exchange rates, among others. the modeled outputs and related analyses from both proprietary models and third parties are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model design errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis. further, climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks.
in addition, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks, including the improper use of the model, input errors, data errors and human error. as a result, actual results may differ materially from cna's modeled results. cna's profitability and financial condition substantially depends on the extent to which its actual experience is consistent with the assumptions cna uses in its models and ultimate model outputs. if, based upon these models or other factors, cna misprices its products or fails to appropriately estimate the risks it is exposed to, its business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
any significant interruption in the operation of cna's business functions, facilities and systems or its vendors' facilities and systems could result in a materially adverse effect on its operations.
cna's business is highly dependent upon its ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, through its employees or vendor relationships and using its and its vendor's facilities and systems, necessary business functions, such as internet support and 24-hour call centers, processing new and renewal business, providing customer service, processing and paying claims and other obligations and issuing financial statements.
cna's, or its vendors', facilities and systems could become unavailable, inoperable, or otherwise impaired from a variety of causes, including natural events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, severe winter weather and fires, or other events, such as explosions, terrorist attacks, computer security breaches or cyber attacks, riots, hazardous material releases, medical epidemics or pandemics, utility outages, interruptions of data processing and storage systems or unavailability of communications facilities. an interruption in cna's system availability occurred in march 2021 as a result of a cybersecurity attack sustained by cna. please refer to the immediately following risk factor for further information regarding this incident. likewise, cna could experience a significant failure, interruption or corruption of one or more of its vendors' information technology, telecommunications, or other systems for various reasons, including significant failures or interruptions that might occur as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. the shut-down or unavailability of one or more of cna's or its vendors' systems or facilities for these or any other reasons could significantly impair cna's ability to perform critical business functions in a timely basis.
in addition, because cna and its vendors' information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, cna could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. if sustained or repeated, such events could result in a deterioration of cna's ability to perform necessary business functions.
the foregoing risks could expose cna to monetary and reputational damages. potential additional exposures relating to significant interruptions to cna's operations may include substantially increased compliance costs, as well as increased costs relating to investments in computer system and security-related upgrades, and such costs may not be recoverable under its relevant insurance coverage. cna has made, and continues to make, investments to improve its security and infrastructure. some of these investments are a direct result of the march 2021 cybersecurity attack, described in the immediately following risk factor, which are not recoverable under existing insurance coverage.
if cna's business continuity plans or system security do not sufficiently address these risks, they could have a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
any significant breach in cna's data security infrastructure or its vendors' facilities and systems could disrupt business, cause financial losses and damage its reputation, and insurance coverage may not be available for claims related to a breach.
a significant breach of cna's data security infrastructure may result from actions by its employees, vendors, third-party administrators, or unknown third parties or through cyber attacks. the risk of a breach can exist whether software services are in cna's or third party administered data centers or are cloud-based software services. breaches have occurred, and may occur again, in cna's systems and in the systems of its vendors and third party administrators.
such a breach could affect cna's data framework or cause a failure to protect the personal information of its customers, claimants or employees, or sensitive and confidential information regarding its business or policyholders and may result in operational impairments and financial losses, significant harm to its reputation and the loss of business with existing or potential customers. the breach of confidential information also could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws, as well as evolving regulation in this regard. during the second quarter of 2023, cna was notified of a breach in the file transfer software, moveit transfer, used by a vendor of one of its third party administrators. this incident resulted in required breach notifications to cna's long-term care policyholders, with such notifications made by the subject vendor. while cna does not believe such notifications and resultant actions will have a material adverse effect on its business, this or similar incidents, or any other such breach of cna's or its vendors' data security infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
as previously disclosed, cna sustained a sophisticated cybersecurity attack in march 2021 involving ransomware that caused a network disruption and impacted certain of its systems. cna's investigation into the incident revealed that an unauthorized third party copied some personal information relating to certain current and former employees, contract workers and their dependents and certain other persons, including some policyholders. although cna currently has no indication that the impacted data has been misused, or that cna or its policyholder data was specifically targeted by the unauthorized third party, it may be subject to subsequent investigations, claims or actions in addition to other costs, fines, penalties, or other obligations related to impacted data, whether or not such data is misused. in addition, the misuse, or perceived misuse, of sensitive or confidential information regarding its business or policyholders could cause harm to cna's reputation and result in the loss of business with existing or potential customers, which could adversely impact its business, results of operations and financial condition.
although cna maintains cybersecurity insurance coverage insuring against costs resulting from cyber attacks (including the march 2021 attack), cna does not expect the amount available under its coverage policy to cover all losses from cyber-attacks. in addition, potential disputes with its insurers about the availability of insurance coverage could occur. further, should cna experience future cyber incidents, or should industry trends drive rate increases resulting from growth in volume and significance of cyber incidents broadly, it may incur higher costs for cybersecurity insurance coverage.
the risks relating to future breaches in cna's, or its vendors' data security infrastructure, including in connection with cyber incidents, could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition or may result in operational impairments and financial losses, as well as significant harm to cna's reputation.
inability to detect and prevent significant employee or third party service provider misconduct, inadvertent errors and omissions, or exposure relating to functions performed on cna's behalf could result in a material adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna may incur losses which arise from employees or third party service providers engaging in intentional, negligent or inadvertent misconduct, fraud, errors and omissions, failure to comply with internal guidelines, including with respect to underwriting authority, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. cna's or its third party service providers' controls may not be able to detect all possible circumstances of such non-compliant activity and the internal structures in place to prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. any losses relating to such non-compliant activity could adversely affect cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
portions of cna's insurance business are underwritten and serviced by third parties. with respect to underwriting, cna's contractual arrangements with third parties will typically grant them limited rights to write new and renewal policies, subject to contractual restrictions and obligations, including requiring them to underwrite within the terms of cna's licenses. should these third parties issue policies that exceed these contractual restrictions, cna could be deemed liable for such policies and subject to regulatory fines and penalties for any breach of licensing requirements. it is possible that in such circumstance cna might not be fully indemnified for such third parties' contractual breaches.
additionally, cna relies on certain third-party claims administrators, including the administrator of its long-term care claims, to handle policyholder services and perform significant claim administration and claim adjudication functions. any failure by such administrator to properly perform service functions may result in losses as a result of over-payment of claims, legal claims against cna and adverse regulatory enforcement exposure.
cna has also licensed certain systems from third parties. cna cannot be certain that it will have access to these systems or that its information technology or application systems will continue to operate as intended.
these risks could adversely impact cna's reputation and client relationships and have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
cna is subject to capital adequacy requirements and, if it is unable to maintain or raise sufficient capital to meet these requirements, regulatory agencies may restrict or prohibit cna from operating its business.
insurance companies such as cna are subject to capital adequacy standards set by regulators to help identify companies that merit further regulatory attention. in the u.s., these standards apply specified risk factors to various asset, premium and reserve components of cna's legal entity statutory basis of accounting financial statements. current rules, including those promulgated by insurance regulators and specialized markets such as lloyd's, require companies to maintain statutory capital and surplus at a specified minimum level determined using the applicable jurisdiction's regulatory capital adequacy formula. if cna does not meet these minimum requirements, cna may be restricted or prohibited from operating its business in the applicable jurisdictions and specialized markets. if cna is required to record a material charge against earnings in connection with a change in estimated insurance reserves, or the occurrence of a catastrophic event or otherwise, or if it incurs significant losses related to its investment portfolio, which severely deteriorates its capital position, cna may violate these minimum capital adequacy requirements unless it is able to raise sufficient additional capital. cna may be limited in its ability to raise significant amounts of capital on favorable terms or at all.
the iais has adopted a comframe for the supervision of iaigs and has developed a global capital standard that, if adopted in the u.s., would be applicable to u.s.-based iaigs. the naic also developed the gcc and am approach to assessing group capital as an alternative to the ics developed by the iais. the development and adoption of these capital standards could increase cna's prescribed capital requirement, the level at which regulatory scrutiny intensifies, as well as significantly increase its cost of regulatory compliance.
cna's insurance subsidiaries, upon whom cna depends for dividends in order to fund its corporate obligations, are limited by insurance regulators in their ability to pay dividends.
cna is a holding company and is dependent upon dividends, loans and other sources of cash from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations. ordinary dividend payments or dividends that do not require prior approval by the insurance subsidiaries' domiciliary insurance regulator are generally limited to amounts determined by formulas that vary by jurisdiction. if cna is restricted from paying or receiving intercompany dividends, by regulatory rule or otherwise, cna may not be able to fund its corporate obligations and debt service requirements or pay stockholder dividends from available cash. as a result, cna would need to pursue other sources of capital which may be more expensive or may not be available at all.
rating agencies may downgrade their ratings of cna, adversely affecting its ability to write insurance at competitive rates or at all and increasing its cost of capital.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. cna's insurance company subsidiaries, as well as cna's public debt, are rated by rating agencies, including, a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"), s&p global ratings ("s&p") and fitch ratings, inc. ("fitch"). ratings reflect the rating agency's opinions of an insurance company's or insurance holding company's financial strength, capital adequacy, enterprise risk management practices, operating performance, strategic position and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders and debt holders, and may also reflect opinions on other areas such as information security and climate risk, as well as esg matters more broadly.
the rating agencies may take action to lower cna's ratings in the future as a result of any significant financial loss or changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. the severity of the impact on cna's business is dependent on the level of downgrade and, for certain products, which rating agency takes the rating action. among the adverse effects in the event of such downgrades would be the inability to obtain a material volume of business from certain major insurance brokers, the inability to sell a material volume of cna's insurance products to certain markets and the required collateralization of certain future payment obligations or reserves. further, if one or more of cna's corporate debt ratings were downgraded, cna may find it more difficult to access the capital markets and may incur higher borrowing costs.
in addition, it is possible that a significant lowering of our corporate debt ratings by certain of the rating agencies could result in an adverse effect on cna's ratings, independent of any change in cna's circumstances.
for further discussion of cna's ratings, see the subsidiaries portion of the liquidity and capital resources section of md&a in item 7.
cna is subject to extensive existing state, local, federal and foreign governmental regulations that restrict its ability to do business and generate revenues; additional regulation or significant modification to existing regulations or failure to comply with regulatory requirements may have a materially adverse effect on cna's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the insurance industry is subject to comprehensive and detailed regulation and supervision. most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of cna's policyholders and third-party claimants rather than its investors. each jurisdiction in which cna does business has established supervisory agencies that regulate the manner in which cna conducts its business. any changes in regulation could impose significant burdens on cna. in addition, the lloyd's marketplace sets rules under which its members, including cna's hardy syndicate, operate.
these rules and regulations relate to, among other things, the standards of solvency (including risk-based capital measures), government-supported backstops for certain catastrophic events (including terrorism), investment restrictions, accounting and reporting methodology, establishment of reserves and potential assessments of funds to settle covered claims against impaired, insolvent or failed private or quasi-governmental insurers. in addition, rules and regulations have recently been introduced, or are being considered, in the areas of information security and esg, which may also affect cna's business. cna also is subject to numerous regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of its clients and employees, including medical records, credit card data and financial information. these laws and regulations, including regulations related to cybersecurity protocols (which continue to evolve in breadth, sophistication and maturity in response to an ever-evolving threat landscape), are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently, sometimes conflict, and could expose cna to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. in response to climate change, regulators at the federal, state and international level also could impose new regulations requiring disclosure of underwriting or investment in certain industry sectors.
regulatory powers also extend to premium rate regulations which require that rates not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. state jurisdictions ensure compliance with such regulations through market conduct exams, which may result in losses to the extent non-compliance is ascertained, either as a result of failure to document transactions properly or failure to comply with internal guidelines, or otherwise. cna may also be required by the jurisdictions in which it does business to provide coverage to persons who would not otherwise be considered eligible or restrict cna from withdrawing from unprofitable lines of business or unprofitable market areas. each jurisdiction dictates the types of insurance and the level of coverage that must be provided to such involuntary risks. cna's share of these involuntary risks is mandatory and generally a function of its respective share of the voluntary market by line of insurance in each jurisdiction.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, boardwalk pipelines boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations and ethane transportation services are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including rules and regulations related to the rates it can charge for its services and its ability to construct or abandon facilities. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover the full cost of operating its pipelines, including earning a reasonable return.
boardwalk pipelines' natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to extensive regulation by the ferc, including the types, rates and terms of services boardwalk pipelines may offer to its customers, construction of new facilities, creation, modification or abandonment of services or facilities and recordkeeping and relationships with affiliated companies. an adverse ferc action in any of these areas could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to compete for business, construct new facilities, offer new services or recover the full cost of operating its pipelines, including earning a reasonable return. this regulatory oversight can result in longer lead times to develop and complete any future project than competitors that are not subject to the ferc's regulations. the ferc can also deny boardwalk pipelines the right to abandon certain facilities from service.
the ferc regulates the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its natural gas transportation and storage and interstate ethane transportation operations. for cost-based services, the ferc establishes both the maximum and minimum rates boardwalk pipelines can charge. the basic elements that the ferc considers are the costs of providing service, the volumes of gas being transported, the rate design, the allocation of costs between services, the capital structure and the rate of return a pipeline is permitted to earn. boardwalk pipelines may not be able to recover its costs, including certain costs associated with pipeline integrity, through existing or future rates.
the ferc and/or boardwalk pipelines' customers could challenge the maximum applicable rates that any of its regulated pipelines can charge in accordance with section 5 of the nga. adoption of potential legislation that would amend section 5 of the nga to add refund provisions could increase the likelihood of such a challenge. if such a challenge is successful for any of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines or if its rates are found not to be just and reasonable, then the revenues associated with transportation and storage services the pipeline provides pursuant to cost-of-service rates could materially decrease in the future, which would adversely affect, perhaps substantially, the revenues on that pipeline going forward.
over time, the ferc may change, amend or announce that it will undertake a review of its existing policies. there were no major policy changes announced by the ferc during 2023.
the ferc has authority to impose civil penalties for violations of the nga and ngpa, and the implementing regulations thereunder, up to a maximum amount that is adjusted annually for inflation, which for 2024 is approximately $1.5 million per day per violation. should boardwalk pipelines fail to comply with applicable statutes, rules, regulations and orders administered by the ferc, it could be subject to substantial penalties and fines, in addition to reputational damage. the rates and terms of service on boardwalk pipelines' interstate ethane transportation pipeline are also subject to regulation by the ferc under, among other statutes, the ica and the energy policy act of 1992.
boardwalk pipelines' operations, and those of boardwalk pipelines' customers, are subject to a series of risks regarding climate change.
the threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the u.s. and in other countries. numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional, state and local levels of government to monitor, limit and eliminate both existing and future emissions of ghgs. these proposals expose boardwalk pipelines' operations as well as the operations of its fossil fuel producer customers to a series of regulatory, political, litigation and financial risks.
in the u.s., no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level, but president biden has shown that action to address climate change is an important part of his administration's agenda. for example, in august 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") passed which advanced numerous climate-related objectives. additionally, the epa has issued several rules regulating ghgs following the u.s. supreme court finding that ghgs are air pollutants under the caa and the epa's own endangerment finding for certain ghgs, including carbon dioxide and methane. the epa regulates ghgs through various requirements, including permitting for ghg emissions from large stationary sources, annual reporting on ghg emissions from oil and gas facilities, new source performance standards restricting methane emissions from new facilities in the natural gas sector, and ghg emissions limits on vehicles (together with the dot). the epa's regulation of methane emissions has undergone significant changes. in december 2023, the epa finalized its methane rules for new, modified, and reconstructed facilities, known as oooob, as well as standards for existing sources for the first time ever, known as ooooc. under the final rules, states have two years to prepare and submit their plans to impose methane emission controls on existing sources. the presumptive standards established under the final rules are generally the same for both new and existing sources and include enhanced leak detection survey requirements using optical gas imaging and other advanced monitoring to encourage the deployment of innovative technologies to detect and reduce methane emissions, reduction of emissions by 95% through capture and control systems, zero-emission requirements for certain devices, and the establishment of the "super emitter" response program that would allow third parties to make reports to the epa of large methane emission events, triggering certain investigation and repair requirements. fines and penalties for violations of these rules can be substantial. it is likely that the final rules and its requirements will be subject to legal challenges. compliance with the new rules may affect the amount boardwalk pipelines owes under the ira, which amended the caa to impose a first-time fee on the emission of methane from sources required to report their ghg emissions to the epa. the methane emissions fee applies to excess methane emissions from certain facilities and starts at $900 per metric ton of leaked methane in 2024 and increases to $1,200 in 2025 and $1,500 in 2026 and thereafter. compliance with the epa's new final rules and standards would exempt an otherwise covered facility from the requirement to pay the methane fee. the requirements of the epa's final methane rules could increase boardwalk pipelines' operating costs and the costs of boardwalk pipelines' customers, thereby adversely affecting its operations.
governmental entities, including certain states and groups of states, have adopted or are considering legislation, regulations or other initiatives such as ghg cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes, ghg reporting and tracking programs, and emissions limits. at the international level, in february 2021 the u.s. rejoined the paris agreement, which requires member nations to submit non-binding ghg emissions reduction goals every five years. in april 2021, president biden announced a new target for the u.s. to reduce ghg emissions 50%-52% from 2005 levels by 2030. in november 2021, the u.s. joined other nations for the 26th conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change (cop26), during which nations including the u.s. made various commitments, including the global methane pledge to reduce methane emissions 30% from 2020 levels by 2030. in december 2023, at the 28th conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change ("cop28"), certain parties signed onto an agreement to transition "away from fossil fuels in energy systems in a just, orderly, and equitable manner" and increase renewable energy capacity so as to achieve net zero by 2050, although no timeline for doing so was set. the impact of the paris agreement, cop26, cop28 or other international conventions cannot be predicted at this time, and it is unclear what additional initiatives may be adopted or implemented, or whether similar efforts at future climate conferences will be successful and the potential resultant impact this may have upon boardwalk pipelines' business or financial condition.
governmental, scientific and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from ghg emissions has resulted in increasing political risks in the u.s. the biden administration and future administrations could take various actions to curtail oil and natural gas production and transportation, including limiting fracturing of oil and natural gas wells, restricting flaring and venting during natural gas production on federal properties, limiting or banning oil and gas leases on federal lands and offshore waters, increasing requirements for construction and permitting of pipeline infrastructure and lng export facilities, and further restricting ghg emissions from oil and gas facilities. for example, on january 26, 2024, president biden announced a temporary pause on pending decisions on new exports of lng to countries that the u.s. does not have free trade agreements with, pending department of energy review of the underlying analyses for authorization. litigation risks are also increasing, as a number of cities and other governmental entities have brought suit alleging that fossil fuel producers created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to global warming effects such as rising sea levels, are responsible for associated roadway and infrastructure damage, or defrauded investors or customers by failing to timely and adequately disclose adverse effects of climate change.
there are also increasing financial risks for fossil fuel energy companies as investors become increasingly concerned about the potential effects of climate change and may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-fossil fuel energy related sectors. some institutional lenders who provide financing to fossil fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices that favor alternative power sources (such as wind, solar, geothermal, tidal and biofuels), making those sources more attractive, and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. many of the largest u.s. banks have made "net zero" carbon emission commitments and have announced that they will be assessing financed emissions across their portfolios and taking steps to quantify and reduce those emissions. at cop26, the glasgow financial alliance for net zero announced that commitments from over 450 firms across 45 countries had resulted in over $130 trillion in capital committed to net zero goals. financial institutions could be required to adopt policies that limit funding for fossil fuel energy companies. in october 2023 the federal reserve, office of the comptroller of the currency and the federal deposit insurance corp. released a finalized set of principles guiding financial institutions with $100 billion or more in assets on the management of physical and transition risks associated with climate change. while boardwalk pipelines cannot predict what additional developments may arise from these various actions, a material reduction in the capital available to the fossil fuel industry could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production or midstream energy business activities, which could adversely impact its business and operations. additionally, in march 2022, the sec released a proposed rule that would establish a framework for the reporting of climate risks, targets and metrics. a final rule is expected to be released in 2024, but boardwalk pipelines cannot predict the final form and substance of the rule and its requirements. the ultimate impact of the rule on boardwalk pipelines' business is uncertain and, upon finalization, may result in increased compliance costs and increased costs of and restrictions on access to capital. separately, the sec has also announced that it is scrutinizing existing climate-change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the sec were to allege that an issuer's existing climate disclosures are misleading or deficient. these agency actions could increase the potential for litigation.
the adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal, regional, state or local legislation, regulations or other initiatives that impose more stringent standards for ghg emissions from the oil and gas sector or otherwise restrict fossil fuel production could result in increased costs of compliance for fossil fuel use, and reduce demand for fossil fuels, which could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage services. political, litigation and financial risks may result in boardwalk pipelines' fossil fuel producer customers restricting or canceling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure and other damages as a result of climatic changes, or impairing their ability to continue to operate in an economic manner, which also could reduce demand for boardwalk pipelines' services. moreover, the increased competitiveness of alternative energy sources could reduce demand for hydrocarbons and for boardwalk pipelines' services. finally, boardwalk pipelines may also be subject to various physical risks from climate change. for more information on these physical risks, see boardwalk pipelines' risk factor titled "climatic conditions and events could adversely impact boardwalk pipelines' operations, pipelines and facilities, or those of its customers or suppliers" below.
climatic conditions and events could adversely impact boardwalk pipelines' operations, pipelines and facilities, or those of its customers or suppliers.
climatic events can cause disruptions to, delays in or suspension of boardwalk pipelines' services, by interrupting its operations, causing loss of or damage to its facilities or equipment, or having similar impacts on its customers or third-party suppliers. in general, boardwalk pipelines' operations could be significantly impacted by climatic conditions such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and wintry conditions. boardwalk pipelines' pipeline operations along coastal waters and offshore in the gulf of mexico could be adversely impacted by climatic conditions such as rising sea levels, subsidence and erosion, which could result in serious damage to boardwalk pipelines' facilities and affect its ability to provide transportation services. such damage could result in leakage, migration, releases or spills from boardwalk pipelines' operations and could result in liability, remedial obligations or otherwise have a negative impact on operations. such climactic conditions could also impact boardwalk pipelines' customers' ability to utilize boardwalk pipelines' services and third-party suppliers' ability to provide boardwalk pipelines with the products and services necessary to maintain operation of its facilities. boardwalk pipelines may incur significant damages as well as costs to repair or maintain its facilities, which could adversely affect its operations and the financial health of its business. in recent years, local governments and landowners in louisiana have filed lawsuits against energy companies, alleging that their operations contributed to increased coastal rising seas and erosion and seeking substantial damages. changing meteorological conditions, particularly temperature, may affect the amount, timing, or location of demand for energy or the products boardwalk pipelines transports, which may impact demand for its services.
boardwalk pipelines is subject to reputational risks and risks related to public opinion.
boardwalk pipelines' business, operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted as a result of negative public opinion. boardwalk pipelines operates in an industry which receives negative portrayals and opposition to development projects. boardwalk pipelines' reputation and public opinion could be impacted by the actions, activities and responses of other companies operating in the energy industry, particularly other energy infrastructure providers, over which boardwalk pipelines has no control. boardwalk pipelines' reputation also could be impacted by negative publicity related to pipeline incidents, unpopular expansion projects and opposition to development of hydrocarbons and energy infrastructure, particularly projects involving resources that are considered to increase ghg emissions and contribute to climate change. negative impacts from a compromised reputation or changes in public opinion (including with respect to the production, transportation and use of hydrocarbons generally) could include increased regulatory oversight, delays in obtaining, or challenges to, regulatory approvals with respect to growth projects, blockades, project cancellations, difficulty securing financing at reasonable terms, revenue loss or a reduction in customer base.
legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to new or more stringent pipeline safety requirements or substantial changes to existing integrity management programs or withdrawal of regulatory waivers could subject boardwalk pipelines to increased capital and operating costs and operational delays.
boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines are subject to regulation by phmsa, which is part of the dot. phmsa regulates the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, and maintenance of existing interstate natural gas and ngls pipeline facilities. phmsa regulation currently requires pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs, including frequent inspections, remediation of certain identified anomalies and other measures to promote pipeline safety in hcas, mcas, class 1 and 2 areas (depending on the potential impacts of a risk event), class 3 and class 4 areas, as well as in areas unusually sensitive to environmental damage and commercially navigable waterways. phmsa has revised its standards from time-to-time. in october 2019, phmsa published a final rule imposing numerous new requirements, also known as the mega rule, on onshore gas transmission pipelines relating to maop reconfirmation and exceedance reporting, the integrity assessment of additional pipeline mileage found in mcas and class 3 and class 4 non-hcas by 2033, and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. phmsa published a second final rule in october 2019 for hazardous liquid transmission and gathering pipelines that significantly extends and expands the reach of certain of its integrity management requirements, and that requires the accommodation of in-line inspection tools by 2039 unless the pipeline cannot be modified to permit such accommodation, increased annual, accident and safety-related conditional reporting requirements, and expanded use of leak detection systems beyond hcas. certain aspects of that rule are currently in court review. phmsa also published final rules during february and july 2020 that amended the minimum safety requirements related to natural gas storage facilities, including wells, wellbore tubing and casing, and added applicable reporting requirements. in june 2021, phmsa issued an advisory bulletin advising pipeline and pipeline facility operators of applicable requirements to update their inspection and maintenance plans for the elimination of hazardous leaks and minimization of natural gas released from pipeline facilities. phmsa and state regulators reportedly began their review of these plans in 2022, and in may 2023, phmsa published a proposed rule that would enhance requirements for detecting and repairing leaks on new and existing natural gas distribution, gas transmission, and gas gathering pipelines. in august 2022, phmsa published another final rule expanding the management of change process, extending corrosion control requirements for gas transmission pipelines, adding requirements that operators ensure no conditions exist following an extreme weather event that could adversely affect the safe operation of the pipeline, and adopting repair criteria for non-hcas similar to those applicable to hcas. in september 2023, phmsa published a proposed rule that would enhance the safety requirements for gas distribution pipelines and require updates to distribution integrity management programs, emergency response plans, operations and maintenance manuals, and other safety practices. these new and any future regulations adopted by phmsa have imposed and may impose more stringent requirements applicable to integrity management programs and other pipeline safety aspects of boardwalk pipelines' operations, which is expected to cause boardwalk pipelines to incur increased capital and operating costs, may cause it to experience operational delays and may result in potential adverse impacts to its ability to reliably serve its customers.
states have jurisdiction over certain of boardwalk pipelines' intrastate pipelines and have adopted regulations similar to existing phmsa regulations. state regulations may impose more stringent requirements than found under federal law that affect boardwalk pipelines' intrastate operations. compliance with these rules over time generally has resulted in an overall increase in maintenance costs. the imposition of new or more stringent pipeline safety rules applicable to natural gas or ngl pipelines, or any issuance or reinterpretation of guidance from phmsa or any state agencies, could cause boardwalk pipelines to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which could result in boardwalk pipelines incurring increased capital and operating costs, experiencing operational delays and suffering potential adverse impacts to its operations or ability to reliably serve its customers. requirements that are imposed under the 2011 act, the 2016 act, the 2020 act or other pipeline safety legislation or implementing regulations, may also increase boardwalk pipelines' capital and operating costs or impact the operation of its pipelines.
boardwalk pipelines has entered into certain firm transportation contracts with shippers that utilize the design capacity of certain of its pipeline assets, based upon the authority boardwalk pipelines received from phmsa to operate those pipelines at higher than normal operating pressures of up to 0.80 of the pipeline's smys under issued permits with specific conditions. phmsa retains discretion to withdraw or modify this authority. if phmsa were to withdraw or materially modify such authority, it could affect boardwalk pipelines' ability to transport all of its contracted quantities of natural gas on these pipeline assets and it could incur significant additional costs to reinstate this authority or to develop alternate ways to meet its contractual obligations.
boardwalk pipelines' actual construction and development costs could exceed its forecasts; its anticipated cash flow from construction and development projects will not be immediate; and its construction and development projects may not be completed on time or at all.
boardwalk pipelines has been and is currently engaged in several construction projects involving its existing assets and the construction of new facilities for which it has expended or will expend significant capital. boardwalk pipelines expects to continue to engage in the construction of additional growth projects and modifications of its system. when boardwalk pipelines builds a new pipeline or expands or modifies an existing facility, the design, construction and development occurs over an extended period of time, and it will not receive any revenue or cash flow from that project until after it is placed into commercial service. on boardwalk pipelines' interstate pipelines there are several years between when the project is announced and when customers begin using the new facilities. during this period, boardwalk pipelines spends capital and incurs costs without receiving any of the financial benefits associated with the projects. the construction of new assets involves regulatory (federal, state and local), landowner opposition, environmental, activist, legal, political, materials and labor costs, as well as operational and other risks that are difficult to predict and some are beyond boardwalk pipelines' control. a project may not be completed on time or at all due to a variety of factors, may be impacted by significant cost overruns or may be materially changed prior to completion as a result of developments or circumstances that boardwalk pipelines is not aware of when it commits to the project. any of these events could result in material unexpected costs or have a material adverse effect on boardwalk pipelines' ability to realize the anticipated benefits from its growth projects.
boardwalk pipelines may face opposition to the operation of its pipelines and facilities, construction or expansion of facilities and new pipeline projects from various groups.
boardwalk pipelines may face opposition to the operation of its pipelines and facilities, construction or expansion of its facilities and new pipeline projects from governmental officials, environmental groups, landowners, communities, tribal or local groups and other advocates. such opposition could take many forms, including organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage boardwalk pipelines' operations, acts of eco-terrorism, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving boardwalk pipelines' assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt or delay the operation of its assets and business. for example, repairing boardwalk pipelines' pipelines often involves securing consent from individual landowners to access their property; one or more landowners may resist boardwalk pipelines' efforts to make needed repairs, which could lead to an interruption in the operation of the affected pipeline or facility for a period of time that is significantly longer than would have otherwise been the case. acts of sabotage or eco-terrorism could cause significant damage or injury or death to people, property or the environment and lead to extended interruptions of boardwalk pipelines' operations and material damages and costs.
market conditions, including the price differentials between natural gas supplies and market demand for natural gas, may reduce the transportation rates that boardwalk pipelines can charge on certain portions of its pipeline systems.
each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines' firm natural gas transportation contracts expire and need to be replaced or renewed. as a result of market conditions, boardwalk pipelines may renew some expiring contracts at lower rates or for shorter terms than in the past. the transportation rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials).
changes in energy prices, including natural gas, oil and ngls, impact the supply of and demand for those commodities, which impact boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines' customers, especially producers and certain plant operators, are directly impacted by changes in commodity prices. the prices of natural gas, oil and ngls fluctuate in response to changes in both domestic and worldwide supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors, including for natural gas, the realization of potential lng exports and demand growth within the power generation market. volatility in the pricing levels of natural gas, oil and ngls could adversely affect the businesses of certain of boardwalk pipelines' producer customers and could result in defaults or the non-renewal of boardwalk pipelines' contracted capacity when existing contracts expire. commodity prices could affect the operations of certain of boardwalk pipelines' industrial customers, including the temporary closure or reduction of plant operations, resulting in decreased deliveries to those customers. future increases in the price of natural gas and ngls could make alternative energy and feedstock sources more competitive and decrease demand for natural gas and ngls. a reduced level of demand for natural gas and ngls could diminish the utilization of capacity on boardwalk pipelines' systems and reduce the demand of its services.
boardwalk pipelines is exposed to credit risk relating to default or bankruptcy by its customers.
credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from the default by a customer of its contractual obligations or the customer filing bankruptcy. boardwalk pipelines has credit risk with both its existing customers and those supporting its growth projects. credit risk exists in relation to boardwalk pipelines' growth projects, both because expansion customers make long-term firm capacity commitments to boardwalk pipelines for such projects and certain of those expansion customers agree to provide credit support as construction for such projects progresses. if a customer fails to post the required credit support or defaults during the growth project process, overall returns on the project may be reduced to the extent an adjustment to the scope of the project occurs or boardwalk pipelines is unable to replace the defaulting customer with a customer willing to pay similar rates.
boardwalk pipelines' credit exposure also includes receivables for services provided, future performance under firm agreements and volumes of gas owed by customers for imbalances or gas loaned by boardwalk pipelines to them under certain nns and parking and lending ("pal") services.
boardwalk pipelines' revolving credit facility contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict its business and financing activities.
boardwalk pipelines' revolving credit facility contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict its ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue business activities. its credit agreement limits its ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of its business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, or grant liens or make negative pledges. this agreement also requires it to maintain a ratio of total consolidated debt to consolidated ebitda (as defined in the credit agreement) of not more than 5.0 to 1.0, or up to 5.5 to 1.0 for the three quarters following a qualified acquisition or series of acquisitions, where the purchase price exceeds $100.0 million over a rolling 12-month period, which limits the amount of additional indebtedness boardwalk pipelines can incur to grow its business, and could require it to reduce indebtedness if its earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") decreases to a level that would cause it to breach this covenant. future financing agreements boardwalk pipelines may enter into could contain similar or more restrictive covenants or may not be as favorable as those under its existing indebtedness.
boardwalk pipelines' ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in its credit agreement may be affected by events beyond its control, including economic, financial and market conditions. if market or economic conditions or its financial performance deteriorate, its ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. if boardwalk pipelines is not able to incur additional indebtedness, it may be required to seek other sources of funding that may be on less favorable terms. if it defaults under its credit agreement or another financing agreement, significant additional restrictions may become applicable. in addition, a default could result in a significant portion of its indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable, and its lenders could terminate their commitment to make further loans to it. if such event occurs, boardwalk pipelines may not be able to obtain sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
boardwalk pipelines' indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
as of december 31, 2023, boardwalk pipelines had $3.3 billion in principal amount of long-term debt outstanding. this level of debt requires significant interest payments. boardwalk pipelines' inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. boardwalk pipelines' indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other general business activities;
impact boardwalk pipelines' ratings received from credit rating agencies;
increase boardwalk pipelines' vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
limit boardwalk pipelines' ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.
boardwalk pipelines is permitted, under its revolving credit facility and the indentures governing its notes, to incur additional debt, subject to certain limitations under its revolving credit facility and the indentures governing the notes. if boardwalk pipelines incurs additional debt, its increased leverage could also result in or exacerbate the consequences described above.
limited access to the debt markets and increases in interest rates could adversely affect boardwalk pipelines' business.
boardwalk pipelines anticipates funding its capital and other spending requirements through its available financing options, including cash generated from operations, borrowings under its revolving credit facility and issuances of additional debt. changes in the debt markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and an increase in interest rates, may increase the cost of financing as well as the risks of refinancing maturing debt. this may affect its ability to raise needed funding and reduce the amount of cash available to fund its operations or growth projects or refinance maturing debt. if the debt markets were not available, it is not certain if other adequate financing options would be available to boardwalk pipelines on terms and conditions that it would find acceptable.
any disruption in the debt markets could require boardwalk pipelines to take additional measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until it can arrange alternative credit arrangements or other funding for its business needs. such measures could include reducing or delaying business activities, reducing its operations to lower expenses and reducing other discretionary uses of cash. boardwalk pipelines may be unable to execute its growth strategy or take advantage of certain business opportunities.
pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases and the measures to mitigate their spread could materially adversely affect boardwalk pipelines' business, financial condition and results of operations and those of its customers, suppliers and other business partners.
the global outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic and measures to mitigate the spread of covid-19 caused unprecedented disruptions to the global and u.s. economies and impacted global demand for oil and petrochemical products. future pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases could result in similar or worse impacts and significant business and operational disruptions, including business closures, supply chain disruptions, travel restrictions, stay-at-home orders and limitations on the availability of workforces. although boardwalk pipelines' operations are considered essential critical infrastructure under current cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency guidelines, if significant portions of boardwalk pipelines' workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness or quarantines or from the impacts of any potential future pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, its business could be materially adversely affected. boardwalk pipelines may also be unable to perform fully on its contracts, and its costs may increase as a result of any potential future pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases. these cost increases may not be fully recoverable. it is possible that future pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases could cause disruption in boardwalk pipelines' customers' business; cause delay, or limit the ability of its customers to perform, including in making timely payments to it. future pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases could impact capital markets, which may impact boardwalk pipelines' customers' financial position. future pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases may also have the effect of increasing several of the other risk factors contained herein.
boardwalk pipelines does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to its operations.
substantial portions of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, storage and other facilities are constructed and maintained on property owned by others pursuant to rights-of-way, easements, permits, licenses or consents, and boardwalk pipelines is subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use rights if it does not have valid land use rights or if such land use rights lapse or terminate. some of the rights to construct and operate boardwalk pipelines' pipelines storage or other facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies that it obtains are for specific periods of time. boardwalk pipelines cannot guarantee that it will always be able to renew, when necessary, existing land use rights or obtain new land use rights without experiencing significant costs or experiencing landowner opposition. any loss of these land use rights with respect to the operation of boardwalk pipelines' pipelines, storage and other facilities, through its inability to acquire or renew right-of-way or easement contracts or permits, licenses, consents or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on its operations.
boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in executing its strategy to grow and diversify its business.
boardwalk pipelines relies primarily on the revenues generated from its natural gas transportation and storage services. negative developments in these services have significantly greater impact on boardwalk pipelines' financial condition and results of operations than if it maintained more diverse assets. boardwalk pipelines' ability to grow, diversify and increase cash flows will depend, in part, on its ability to expand its existing business lines and to close and execute on accretive acquisitions. boardwalk pipelines may not be successful in acquiring or developing such assets or may do so on terms that ultimately are not profitable.
boardwalk pipelines' ability to replace expiring gas storage contracts at attractive rates or on a long-term basis and to sell short-term services at attractive rates or at all are subject to market conditions.
boardwalk pipelines owns and operates substantial natural gas storage facilities. the market for the storage and pal services that it offers is impacted by the factors and market conditions discussed above for boardwalk pipelines' transportation services, and is also impacted by natural gas price differentials between time periods, such as winter to summer (time period price spreads), and the volatility in time period price spreads. when market conditions cause a narrowing of time period price spreads and a decline in the price volatility of natural gas, these factors adversely impact the rates boardwalk pipelines can charge for its storage and pal services.
boardwalk pipelines' operations are subject to catastrophic losses, operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which it may not be adequately insured.
there are a variety of operating risks inherent in transporting and storing natural gas, ethylene and ngls, such as leaks and other forms of releases, explosions, fires, cybersecurity attacks and mechanical problems, which could have catastrophic consequences. additionally, the nature and location of boardwalk pipelines' business may make it susceptible to catastrophic losses from hurricanes or other named storms, particularly with regard to its assets in the gulf coast region, cold freezes, snow storms, windstorms, earthquakes, hail and other severe weather. any of these or other similar occurrences could result in the disruption of boardwalk pipelines' operations, substantial repair costs, personal injury or loss of life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of its operations and substantial financial losses. the location of pipelines in hcas, which includes populated areas, residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could significantly increase the level of damages resulting from some of these risks.
boardwalk pipelines currently possesses property, business interruption, cybersecurity threat and general liability insurance, but proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. moreover, such insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage boardwalk pipelines does obtain may contain large deductibles or fail to cover certain events, hazards or potential losses.
risks related to us and our subsidiary, loews hotels & co loews hotels & co's business may be materially adversely affected by various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, many of which are beyond loews hotels & co's control.
loews hotels & co owns and operates hotels that have different economic characteristics than many other real estate assets. a typical office property, for example, has long-term leases with third-party tenants, which provide a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. hotels, on the other hand, generate revenue from guests that typically stay at the hotel for only a few nights, which causes the room rate and occupancy levels at each hotel to change nearly every day, and results in earnings that can be highly volatile.
in addition, loews hotels & co's properties are subject to various operating risks common to the hospitality industry, many of which are beyond loews hotels & co's control, including:
changes in general economic conditions, including the severity and duration of any downturn in the u.s. or global economy and financial markets, as well as more localized changes in the economy of each hotel's geographic location;
increases in the costs of supplies, furniture, fixtures, equipment, labor, workers' compensation, benefits, insurance, food and beverage, commodities, energy and unanticipated costs or cost increases due to inflation or resulting from force majeure events, new or different federal, state or local governmental regulations, including tariffs, constrained supply, and other factors that may not be offset by increased revenues;
disruptions or delays in loews hotels & co's supply chain for goods and materials, including those used for hotel development, renovations and operations;
labor supply disruptions or shortages;
war, political conditions or civil unrest, terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events;
outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as the recent coronavirus;
federal, state or local government-mandated travel restrictions and/or shut-down orders of hotels or other drivers that reduce demand for hotel businesses;
natural or man-made disasters or other catastrophes;
material reductions or prolonged interruptions of public utilities and services;
decreased corporate or government travel-related budgets and spending and cancellations, deferrals or renegotiations of group business due to self-imposed and/or government-mandated travel restrictions, adverse economic conditions or otherwise;
decreased need for business-related travel due to innovations in business-related technology;
the financial condition and general operational condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related industries and its impact on travel;
decreased airline capacities and routes and disruption in airline operations;
competition from other hotels, cruise lines and alternative accommodations, such as airbnb, in the markets in which loews hotels & co operates;
requirements for periodic capital reinvestment to maintain and upgrade hotels;
the costs and administrative burdens associated with compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including those associated with responding to requests or demands of regulators or other governmental authorities, whether currently existing or implemented in the future, including, those pertaining to the environmental impact of loews hotels & co's operations, and those arising out of mitigation efforts associated with pandemics or outbreaks of contagious diseases;
organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor negotiations and loss of business for loews hotels & co's properties generally as a result of certain labor tactics;
changes in the desirability of particular locations or travel patterns of customers, including the possibility that travelers may be inclined to seek alternatives to large public gatherings, such as conferences and conventions, out of safety concerns associated with pandemics or outbreaks of contagious diseases and associated mitigation efforts, or with respect to the underlying attractions supporting the desirability of a particular location, such as, in the case of loews hotels & co's immersive destination properties, the universal theme parks for its orlando, florida properties, and stadiums, arenas and convention centers for properties in other markets;
geographic concentration of operations and customers;
shortages of desirable locations for development; and
relationships with third-party property owners, developers, landlords, tenants, suppliers and joint venture partners, including the risk that such third-parties may encounter financial difficulties, may not fulfill material obligations, may terminate management, lease, supply, joint venture or other agreements with loews hotels & co, may, in the case of landlords, seek material increases or improvements from loews hotels & co in order to renew leases to loews hotels & co, and/or may, in the case of tenants, seek material discounts or concessions from loews hotels & co in order to renew leases from loews hotels & co, and/or may, in the case of joint venture partners, prevent loews hotels & co from making unilateral decisions with respect to material matters relating to specific properties.
in addition to materially affecting the business of loews hotels & co generally, these factors, and the reputational repercussions of these factors, could materially adversely affect, and from time to time have materially adversely affected, individual hotels and hotels in particular regions.
loews hotels & co is exposed to the risks resulting from significant investments in owned and leased real estate, including through ownership interests in partnerships and joint ventures, which could increase its costs, reduce its profits, limit its ability to respond to market conditions or restrict its growth strategy.
loews hotels & co's proportion of owned and leased properties, compared to the number of properties that it manages for third-party owners, may differ from that of some of its competitors. real estate ownership and leasing is subject to risks not applicable to managed or franchised properties, including:
real estate, insurance, zoning, tax, environmental and eminent domain laws;
the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures to maintain or upgrade properties;
risks associated with mortgage debt, including the possibility of default, fluctuating interest rate levels, compliance with covenants that may include or result in principal amortization or the acceleration of repayment and the availability of financing, including the possibility of lenders electing to freeze or restrict loans secured by hospitality related assets or to not fund loans as anticipated or previously committed;
risks associated with the possibility that cost increases will outpace revenue increases and that, in the event of an economic slowdown or other circumstances negatively affecting revenues, a high proportion of fixed costs will make it difficult to reduce costs to the extent required to offset declining revenues;
risks associated with real estate and property leases, including the possibility of rent increases and the inability to renew or extend upon favorable terms;
the potential impact of changes in general or local economic and market conditions, including the severity and duration of any downturn in the u.s., global or local economies and financial markets, on tenants of space leases within properties in which loews hotels & co invests;
the ability to exit or enter markets may not be able to be implemented in a time frame favorable to loews hotels & co or be solely within loews hotels & co's control;
risks associated with real estate condominiums and similar structures, including the possibility of special assessments by condominiums that loews hotels & co does not control;
fluctuations in real estate values and potential impairments in the value of loews hotels & co's assets; and
the relative illiquidity of real estate compared to some other assets.
the hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility.
the hospitality industry is seasonal in nature. the periods during which loews hotels & co's properties experience higher revenues vary from property to property, depending principally upon location and the consumer base served. historically, loews hotels & co generally has experienced revenues and earnings that are lower in the third quarter of each year than in each of the other quarters. in addition, the hospitality industry is cyclical and demand generally follows the general economy on a lagged basis. the seasonality and cyclicality of its industry may contribute to fluctuations in loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition, investment activity and cash flows.
loews hotels & co operates in a highly competitive industry, both for customers and for the acquisition and/or development of new properties.
the hospitality industry is highly competitive. loews hotels & co's properties compete with other hotels, cruises and alternative accommodations based on a number of factors, including room rates, quality of accommodations, service levels and amenities, location, brand affiliation, reputation and reservation systems. new hotels may be constructed and these additions to supply create new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms. some of its competitors also have greater financial and marketing resources than loews hotels & co. in addition, travelers can book stays on websites and through applications that facilitate the short-term rental of homes and apartments from owners, thereby providing an alternative to hotel rooms.
loews hotels & co also competes for hotel acquisitions and development projects with entities that have similar investment objectives as it does. this competition could limit the number of suitable investment opportunities. it may also increase the bargaining power of loews hotels & co's counterparties, making it more difficult for loews hotels & co to acquire or develop new properties on attractive terms or on the terms contemplated in its business plans.
any deterioration in the quality or reputation of loews hotels & co's brands, including brands used in its joint ventures and those it licenses, could have a material adverse effect on its reputation and business.
loews hotels & co's brands, including those associated with its joint ventures (e.g., at its properties at universal orlando) and those it licenses (e.g., at its live! by loews - st. louis and live! by loews - arlington hotels), are among its most important assets. its ability to attract and retain guests depends, in part, on the public recognition of its brands and their associated reputation. if its brands become obsolete or consumers view them as unfashionable or lacking in quality, or its brands or reputation are otherwise harmed, loews hotels & co may be unable to attract guests to its properties, and may further be unable to attract or retain joint venture partners or hotel owners. loews hotels & co's reputation may also suffer as a result of negative publicity regarding its hotels, including as a result of social media reports, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity. the continued expansion of media and social media formats has compounded the potential breadth and scope of negative publicity and has made it more difficult to control and effectively manage negative publicity.
loews hotels & co's efforts to develop new properties and renovate existing properties could be delayed or become more expensive.
loews hotels & co from time to time renovates its properties and, together with joint venture partners, is currently expanding its portfolio through the ground-up construction of new properties in orlando, florida and arlington, texas and in the future may similarly, alone or with joint venture partners, develop additional new properties. often joint venture partners may also serve as developer. these renovation and construction efforts are subject to a number of risks, including:
construction delays, changes to plans and specifications and cost overruns (including for labor and materials, unforeseeable site conditions, construction errors or design defects) that may increase project costs, cause new development projects to not be completed by lender or municipal imposed required completion dates or subject loews hotels & co to cancellation penalties for reservations accepted;
obtaining zoning, occupancy and other required licenses, permits or authorizations;
changes in economic or other market conditions that may result in weakened or lack of demand or negative project returns;
governmental restrictions on the size or kind of development;
projects financed with construction debt are subject to risk that participating lenders may not fulfill their commitments when called upon as well as interest rate risk as uncertain timing and amount of draws may make effective hedging difficult or expensive to obtain, as well as the other risks associated with mortgage debt described above;
delays resulting from pandemics or the outbreaks of contagious diseases and related containment efforts, including as they pertain to contractors, suppliers and inspectors required to review projects;
weather delays and force majeure events, including earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, floods, winter weather conditions and other natural or man-made catastrophes; and
projects with adjacent demand generators under construction that become delayed causing opening delays of, or less revenue than anticipated from, hotels under development.
additionally, renovating existing properties and developing new properties typically involve lengthy development periods during which significant amounts of capital must be funded before the properties begin to operate and generate revenue. if the cost of renovations or new development exceeds budgeted amounts, and/or the time period for development is longer than initially anticipated, loews hotels & co's operating results could be reduced. loews hotels & co has seen construction timelines lengthen due to various factors, including competition for skilled construction labor, challenges related to financing, disruption in the supply chain for materials, and the impact of pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases and related mitigation efforts, and these or similar circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. accordingly, there can be no assurance that all development pipeline projects will result in new hotels entering loews hotel & co's system, or that those hotels will open when or perform as anticipated. further, due to the lengthy development cycle, intervening adverse economic or other market conditions in general and as they apply to loews hotels & co and its development partners may alter or impede the development plans, thereby resulting in incremental costs or potential impairment charges. in addition, using multiple sources of capital to develop new properties reduces or eliminates the ability of loews hotels & co to cease commenced projects if the overall economic environment or other market conditions change. moreover, during the early stages of operations, charges related to interest expense and depreciation may substantially detract from, or even outweigh, the profitability of certain new hotel investments.
investing in hotel properties through ownership interests in partnerships and joint ventures is subject to inherent risks, including due to loews hotels & co's lack of unilateral control over the investment.
loews hotels & co has invested, and expects to continue to invest, in hotel properties or businesses through ownership interests in partnerships and joint ventures. partners and joint venturers often have shared control over the operation of the property or business. therefore, the operation of such properties or businesses is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters, including matters that may impact taxes or have other significant financial consequences. in addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the partner or joint venturer might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with loews hotels & co's business interests or goals. further, loews hotels & co may be unable to take action without the approval of its partners or joint venturers, or its partners or joint venturers could take actions binding on the property without the consent of loews hotels & co. additionally, should a partner or joint venturer become bankrupt or otherwise fail to honor its financial obligations, loews hotels & co could become liable for its share of liabilities.
loews hotels & co's properties are geographically concentrated, which exposes its business to the effects of regional events and occurrences.
loews hotels & co has a concentration of hotels in florida. specifically, as of december 31, 2023, eight hotels, representing 56% of rooms in its system, were located at universal orlando in orlando, florida and ten hotels, representing approximately 62% of rooms in its system, were located in florida. furthermore, there are three additional hotels under development in orlando, florida that would increase these numbers to 11 hotels in orlando, florida and 13 hotels in florida. in the future, other existing or new geographies may present opportunities for new or additional investment that may create new or increased concentration risk. the concentration of hotels in one region, jurisdiction or a limited number of markets may expose loews hotels & co to risks of adverse economic and other developments that are greater than if its portfolio were more geographically diverse. these developments could include, among others, regional economic downturns, an increase in burdensome governmental regulation, changes in the local political climate, a decline in the popularity of or access to area tourist attractions, such as theme parks, the failure of new tourist attractions to be developed or be successful in markets where new hotels are under development, significant increases in the number of loews hotels & co's competitors' hotels in these markets and potentially higher local property, sales and income taxes, property insurance costs or other expenses in the geographic markets in which it is concentrated. in addition, loews hotels & co's properties in florida are subject to the effects of adverse acts of nature, such as hurricanes, strong winds and flooding, which have in the past caused damage to its hotels in florida, and which may in the future be intensified as a result of climate change. loews hotels & co's business may be significantly affected by other risks common to the florida tourism industry. for example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt or reduce air travel to and from florida for any reason can materially adversely affect its business.
pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases and efforts to mitigate their spread have had, and could in the future have, material adverse impacts on loews hotels & co's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in response to the spread of covid-19, governments across the globe implemented measures to mitigate the spread of the virus, such as through lockdowns or stay-at-home orders, business closures, restrictions on travel, limitations on large group gatherings and quarantines, among others. beyond the existence of governmental restrictions, the perception of health risks associated with covid-19 limited business and leisure travel. the spread of the coronavirus and related containment efforts caused unprecedented disruptions to the global economy, including supply chains, air travel and normal business operations across sectors, including the hospitality industry that depends on active levels of business and leisure travel. future pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases may result in similar or more severe mitigation measures, perceptions of health risks and economic disruptions.
in response to covid-19, loews hotels & co temporarily suspended operations at the majority of its properties and, for a period after general operations resumed, occupancy rates were considerably lower for certain of its hotels compared to occupancy rates prior to the pandemic. as a result of the suspended operations and lower occupancy levels, revenues were lower, while operating costs were not reduced to the same extent. in addition, loews hotels & co had to implement a number of new measures for the health and safety of its guests and employees, which increased its costs. loews hotels &
co may have to implement similar responses to future pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, which may lead to similar or more severe effects.
as part of cost containment efforts at the outset of the covid-19 pandemic, loews hotels & co and many of its service providers and suppliers severed or put employees on unpaid leaves of absence. when conditions improved such that increased staffing levels were required, finding and attracting talent to fill certain roles that were furloughed or eliminated was challenging for loews hotels & co and certain of its service providers and suppliers, which affected loews hotels & co's ability to return to normal operations at certain of its hotels. loews hotels & co and its service providers and suppliers may have to take similar actions in response to future pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, which may lead to similar or more severe effects.
the negative impacts of a pandemic or other outbreak of contagious disease, including the covid-19 pandemic, on loews hotels & co's business may substantially exacerbate the other risks facing loews hotels & co, including those described in this section, and such impacts may linger beyond the containment and mitigation of any such pandemic or outbreak.
the growth and use of third-party reservation channels adversely affects loews hotels & co's business.
a significant percentage of hotel rooms for guests at loews hotels & co's properties is booked through internet-based travel agencies and other intermediaries. in most cases, loews hotels & co has agreements with such intermediaries and pays them commissions and/or fees for sales of its rooms through their systems. if such bookings increase, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions or fees, reduced room rates or other significant concessions from loews hotels & co. there can be no assurance that loews hotels & co will be able to negotiate such agreements in the future with terms as favorable as those that exist today. moreover, these intermediaries generally employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites and other outlets. as a result, consumers may develop brand loyalties to the intermediaries' offered brands, websites and reservations systems rather than to loews hotels & co's brands.
loews hotels & co's insurance coverage may not cover all possible losses, and it may not be able to renew its insurance policies on favorable terms, or at all.
although loews hotels & co maintains various property, casualty and other insurance policies, proceeds from such insurance coverage may not be adequate for all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost. additionally, insurance policies that it maintains may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable costs and terms. the insurance coverage loews hotels & co maintains may contain large deductibles or may not cover all risks to which its properties are potentially subject.
labor shortages could restrict loews hotels & co's ability to operate its properties or grow its business or result in increased labor costs that could reduce its results of operations.
loews hotels & co's properties are staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week by thousands of employees. if it is unable to attract, retain, train and engage a sufficient number of skilled employees, its ability to manage and staff its properties adequately could be impaired, which could reduce customer satisfaction. staffing shortages could also hinder its ability to grow and expand its business. because payroll costs are a major component of the operating expenses at its properties, a shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase its labor costs or temporarily ceasing to offer certain services, which could harm loews hotel & co's reputation or guest satisfaction.
a portion of loews hotels & co's labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements.
a portion of loews hotels & co's labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. work slowdowns and stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect loews hotels & co's business and results of operations. a prolonged dispute with covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise could have an adverse impact on loews hotels & co's operations. adverse publicity in the marketplace related to union messaging could further harm its reputation and reduce customer demand for its services. also, wage and/or benefit increases and/or changes to operational protocols resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could have an adverse impact on its results of operations. furthermore, loews hotels & co could experience demands from labor unions that represent its employees for additional compensation, healthcare benefits, operational protocols or other terms in response to pandemics or the outbreak of contagious diseases that could increase costs. to the extent that loews hotels & co's non-union employees join unions, loews hotels & co would have greater exposure to risks associated with such labor problems. furthermore, loews hotels & co may have, or acquire in the future, multi-employer plans that are classified as "endangered," "seriously endangered," or "critical" status and a withdrawal in the future could result in the incurrence of a contingent liability that would be payable in an amount and at such time (or over a period of time) that would vary based on a number of factors at the time of (and after) withdrawal. any such events or additional costs may have materially adverse effects.
risks related to us and our unconsolidated subsidiary, altium packaging altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could affect its ability to meet its obligations and may otherwise restrict its activities.
altium packaging has a significant amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. its inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, or to refinance its obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have a material adverse effect on its business. altium packaging's substantial indebtedness could have other important consequences. for example, it could:
limit its ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other corporate purposes;
increase its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
limit its ability to respond to business opportunities, including growing its business through acquisitions.
in addition, the credit agreements governing its current indebtedness contain, and any future debt instruments would likely contain, financial and other restrictive covenants, which impose operating and financial restrictions on it. as a result of these covenants, altium packaging could be limited in the manner in which it conducts its business and may be unable to engage in certain business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. furthermore, a failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on altium packaging.
altium packaging is exposed to changes in consumer preferences.
sales of altium packaging's plastic containers depend heavily on the volume of sales made by its customers to consumers. consequently, changes in consumer preferences for products in the industries that altium packaging serves or the packaging formats in which such products are delivered, whether as a result of changes in cost, convenience or health, environmental and social concerns or perceptions regarding plastics, may result in a decline in the demand for altium packaging's plastic container products.
fluctuations in raw material prices and raw material availability may materially affect altium packaging's results of operations.
to produce its products, altium packaging uses large quantities of plastic resins and recycled plastic materials. it faces the risk that its access to these raw materials may be interrupted or that it may not be able to purchase these raw materials at prices that are acceptable to it. in general, altium packaging does not have long-term supply contracts with its suppliers, and its purchases of raw materials are subject to market price volatility. although altium packaging generally is able to pass changes in the prices of raw materials through to its customers over a period of time, it may not always be able to do so or there may be a lag between when its costs increase and when it passes those costs through to its customers. it may not be able to pass through all future raw material price increases in a timely manner or at all due to competitive pressures. in addition, a sustained increase in resin and recycled plastic prices, relative to alternative packaging materials, would make plastic containers less economical for its customers and could result in reductions in the use of plastic containers. any limitation on its ability to procure its primary raw materials or to pass through price increases in such materials in a timely manner could materially negatively affect altium packaging.
altium packaging's customers may increase their self-manufacturing.
increased self-manufacturing by altium packaging's customers may have a material adverse impact on its sales volume and financial results. altium packaging believes that certain customers may engage in self-manufacturing over time at certain locations, particularly those where transportation costs are high, for products that have low complexity, and where customers have available space to install blow molding equipment.
risks related to us and our subsidiaries generally in addition to the specific risks and uncertainties faced by our subsidiaries, as discussed above, we and all of our subsidiaries face additional risks and uncertainties described below.
failures or interruptions in or breaches to our or our subsidiaries' computer systems or information technology or communication infrastructure or those of our third party vendors could materially and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon information technologies, computer and communication systems and networks, including those maintained by us and our subsidiaries and those maintained and provided to us and our subsidiaries by third parties (for example, "software-as-a-service" and cloud solutions), to conduct operations. we and our subsidiaries are dependent upon operational and financial computer and communication systems and information technology infrastructure to process the data necessary to conduct almost all aspects of our and their businesses. any failure of our or our subsidiaries' systems or information technology infrastructure, or those of our or their customers, vendors or others with whom we and they do business, could materially disrupt business operations. computer, telecommunications and other business facilities and systems could become unavailable or impaired from a variety of causes, including cyber attacks or other cyber incidents, storms and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, fires, utility outages, theft, design defects, human error or complications encountered as existing systems are replaced or upgraded. cyber attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more difficult to prevent, detect and remediate, and are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and that may have the backing of foreign governmental actors. the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate energy assets may be specific targets of cyber attacks, which can have catastrophic consequences, and hotel chains, among other consumer-facing businesses, have been subject to various cyber attacks targeting payment card and other sensitive consumer information. cyber attacks and cyber incidents take many forms, including cyber extortion, denial of service, social engineering, introduction of viruses or malware, exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software or other infrastructure, hacking, website defacement, theft of passwords and other credentials, unauthorized use of computing resources for digital currency mining and business email compromise.
as with other large companies, we and our subsidiaries and our and their third party vendors have experienced cyber attacks and other cyber incidents and expect this to continue. for example, cna was subjected to a sophisticated cybersecurity incident involving ransomware in march 2021. in addition, one of cna's vendors also experienced a cybersecurity incident during the second quarter of 2023. for additional information about these incidents, see "risks related to us and our subsidiary, cna financial corporation" above under this part i, item 1a, and for a discussion of certain aspects of our approach to cybersecurity risk management and strategy, see item 1c. cybersecurity. if we and our subsidiaries and our and their third party vendors do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue to build and maintain our and their information technology security infrastructure, or if we or our subsidiaries or our or our subsidiaries' vendors fail to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyber attacks or other cyber incidents, then this may, in addition to other consequences, disrupt our and our subsidiaries' operations, cause significant damage to our or their assets and surrounding areas, cause loss of life or serious bodily injury, impact our or their data framework or cause a failure to protect personal information of customers, employees or others.
the foregoing risks relating to disruption of service, interruption of operations and data loss could impact our and our subsidiaries' ability to timely perform critical business functions, resulting in disruption or deterioration in our and our subsidiaries' operations and business and expose us and our subsidiaries to significant financial losses and monetary and reputational damages. in addition, potential exposures include substantially increased compliance costs and required computer system upgrades and security related investments. the breach of confidential information also could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and regulations, both in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions.
from time to time we and our subsidiaries may be subject to litigation, for which we and they may be unable to accurately assess the level of exposure and which if adversely determined, may have a significant adverse effect on our or their financial condition or results of operations.
we and our subsidiaries are or may become parties to legal proceedings and disputes. these matters may include, among others, contract disputes, claims and coverage disputes, reinsurance disputes, personal injury and wrongful death claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, intellectual property disputes, disputes related to employment and tax matters and other litigation incidental to our or their businesses. for instance, we and certain of our boardwalk pipelines-related subsidiaries are defendants in a class action litigation in the state of delaware related to our 2018 acquisition of the boardwalk pipelines limited partnership units not already owned by our affiliates. for additional information regarding this matter, see note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
litigation is inherently subject to great uncertainty and it is difficult to predict the outcome or effect of any litigation matters. the outcome of any pending or future litigation could have a significant adverse impact on our or our subsidiaries' financial condition or results of operations.
acts of terrorism could harm us and our subsidiaries.
terrorist attacks and the continued threat of terrorism in the united states or abroad, the continuation or escalation of armed hostilities or the outbreak of additional hostilities, including military and other action by the united states, its allies or other nations, could have a significant impact on us and the assets and businesses of our subsidiaries. cna issues coverages that are exposed to risk of loss from an act of terrorism. terrorist acts or the threat of terrorism could also result in increased political, economic and financial market instability, a decline in energy consumption and volatility in the price of oil and gas, which could affect the market for boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage services. in addition, terrorist attacks could lead to reductions in business travel and tourism which could harm loews hotels & co. while our subsidiaries take steps that they believe are appropriate to secure their assets, there is no assurance that they can completely secure them against a terrorist attack or obtain adequate insurance coverage for terrorist acts at reasonable rates.
our subsidiaries face significant risks related to compliance with environmental laws.
our subsidiaries have extensive obligations and financial exposure related to compliance with federal, state, local, foreign and international environmental laws, including those relating to the discharge of substances into the environment, the disposal, removal or cleanup of hazardous wastes and other activities relating to the protection of the environment. many of such laws have become increasingly stringent in recent years and may in some cases impose strict liability, which could be substantial, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. for example, boardwalk pipelines is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment. such laws and regulations impose, among other things, restrictions, liabilities and obligations in connection with the generation, handling, use, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of various substances, including hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills, releases, discharges and emissions of various substances into the environment. in addition, altium packaging may be adversely affected by laws or regulations concerning environmental matters that increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for, plastic products. further, existing environmental laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof may be amended and new laws may be adopted in the future.
loss of key vendor relationships or issues relating to the transitioning of vendor relationships could result in a materially adverse effect on our and our subsidiaries' operations.
we and our subsidiaries rely on products, equipment and services provided by many third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers in the united states and abroad, which exposes us and them to volatility in the quality, price and availability of such items. these include, for example, vendors of computer hardware, software and services, as well as other critical materials and services (including, in the case of cna, claims administrators performing significant claims administration and adjudication functions). certain products, equipment and services may be available from a limited number of sources. if one or more key vendors becomes unable to continue to provide products, equipment or services at the requisite level for any reason, or fails to protect our proprietary information, including in some cases personal information of employees, customers, hotel guests or others, we and our subsidiaries may experience a material adverse effect on our or their business, operations and reputation.
we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of the long-lived assets and goodwill of our subsidiaries and our equity method investments.
we and our subsidiaries regularly evaluate our and their long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. most notably, we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of pipeline and storage assets at boardwalk pipelines, our equity method investment in altium packaging and hotel investments owned by loews hotels & co.
we and our subsidiaries also test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment exists. asset impairment evaluations by us and our subsidiaries with respect to both long-lived assets and goodwill are, by nature, highly subjective. the use of different estimates and assumptions could result in materially different carrying values of our assets which could impact the need to record an impairment charge and the amount of any charge taken.
pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases and efforts to mitigate their spread have had, and could in the future have, widespread impacts on the way we and our subsidiaries operate.
the spread of covid-19 and mitigating measures caused unprecedented disruptions to the global economy and normal business operations across sectors and countries, including the sectors and countries in which we and our subsidiaries operate. future pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, and efforts to mitigate their spread, may result in similar or worse economic implications and disruptions, including on our and our subsidiaries' businesses.
we are a holding company and derive substantially all of our income and cash flow from our subsidiaries.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to holders of our common stock. our subsidiaries are separate and independent legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to make funds available to us, whether in the form of loans, dividends or otherwise. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies, and their compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders.
we and our subsidiaries face competition for senior executives and qualified specialized talent.
we and our subsidiaries depend on the services of our key personnel, who possess skills critical to the operation of our and their businesses. our and our subsidiaries' executive management teams are highly experienced and possess extensive skills in their relevant industries. the ability to retain senior executives and to attract and retain highly skilled professionals and personnel with specialized industry and technical experience is important to our and our subsidiaries' success and future growth. competition for this talent can be intense, and we and our subsidiaries may not be successful in our efforts. the unexpected loss of the services of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on us and our subsidiaries and could hinder our and their ability to effectively compete in the various industries in which we and they operate.
increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to esg practices may impose additional costs on us and our subsidiaries or expose us and our subsidiaries to new or additional risks.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their esg practices. certain influential investors in recent years have been focused on esg practices and have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. in addition, organizations that provide information on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to esg matters, and many of these ratings processes are inconsistent with each other. such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. regardless of the industry, investors' increased focus and activism related to esg and similar matters may hinder access to, or increase the cost of, capital, as investors may decide to reallocate capital or to not commit capital as a result of their assessment of a company's esg practices. in addition, other stakeholders, including customers, employees, suppliers, regulators and ratings agencies, have also been focused on esg matters.
companies have also increasingly been requested by stakeholders to create and publish disclosures regarding their esg practices. while we and our subsidiaries may make such disclosures from time to time, many of the statements in those disclosures may not be material and may be based on expectations and assumptions that may not be representative of actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events. such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many esg matters.
as a holding company, our stakeholders generally focus on the esg practices across our enterprise, including those at our subsidiaries. as our subsidiaries operate in different industries, the particular esg issues that stakeholders tend to focus on differ from subsidiary to subsidiary. for instance, as a property and casualty insurer, cna's stakeholders may focus on the esg practices of companies in which cna invests, while boardwalk pipelines' stakeholders may focus on climate change and emissions from boardwalk pipelines' operations and loews hotels & co's stakeholders may focus on the carbon footprint of its properties.
companies that do not adapt to or comply with investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or that are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern regarding esg issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and other adverse consequences. additionally, to the extent esg matters negatively impact our reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively to recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview loews corporation is a holding company and has four reportable segments comprised of three individual consolidated operating subsidiaries, cna financial corporation ("cna"), boardwalk pipeline partners, lp ("boardwalk pipelines") and loews hotels holding corporation ("loews hotels & co"); and the corporate segment. the corporate segment is primarily comprised of loews corporation, excluding its operating subsidiaries, and the equity method of accounting for altium packaging llc ("altium packaging").
unless the context otherwise requires, as used herein, the term "company" means loews corporation including its subsidiaries, the terms "parent company," "we," "our," "us" or like terms mean loews corporation excluding its subsidiaries and the term "net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation" means net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation shareholders.
we rely upon our invested cash balances and distributions from our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations and to declare and pay any dividends to our shareholders. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to, among other things, the availability of sufficient earnings and funds in such subsidiaries, applicable state laws, including in the case of the insurance subsidiaries of cna, laws and rules governing the payment of dividends by regulated insurance companies (see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8) and compliance with covenants in their respective loan agreements. claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will generally have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and those of our creditors and shareholders. we are not responsible for the liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries and there are no parent company guarantees.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with item 1a, risk factors, and item 8, financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k.
results of operations this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2023 and 2022 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. with the exception of the discussions of consolidated financial results, cna financial and other insurance operations, as a result of the adoption accounting standards update ("asu") 2018-12, "financial services - insurance (topic 944): targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts," ("asu 2018-12"), a discussion of changes in results of operations comparing the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 for loews corporation and its subsidiaries may be found in part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 7, 2023.
as of january 1, 2023, asu 2018-12 was adopted using the modified retrospective method applied as of the transition date of january 1, 2021, which required changes to the measurement and disclosure of long-duration contracts. prior period amounts presented in the financial statements have been adjusted to reflect application of the new guidance. for additional information see notes 1 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
consolidated financial results the following table summarizes net income (loss) attributable to loews corporation by segment and the basic and diluted net income per share attributable to loews corporation for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31                                      2023                2022 (a)                  2021 (a)
(in millions, except per share data)
cna financial                                         $1,094                   $612                    $1,061
boardwalk pipelines                                      283                    247                       235
loews hotels &amp; co                                    147                    117                      (14)
corporate                                               (90)                  (154)                       280
net income attributable to loews corporation          $1,434                   $822                    $1,562
basic net income per share                             $6.30                  $3.39                     $6.02
diluted net income per share                           $6.29                  $3.38                     $6.00
(a)         as of january 1, 2023, asu 2018-12 was adopted using the modified retrospective method applied as of the transition date of january 1, 2021. prior period amounts presented in the financial statements have been adjusted to reflect application of the new guidance. for additional information see notes 1 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
2023 compared with 2022
net income attributable to loews corporation for 2023 was $1.4 billion, or $6.29 diluted net income per share, compared to net income attributable to loews corporation of $822 million, or $3.38 diluted net income per share, in 2022.
net income attributable to loews corporation for 2023 includes a $37 million after-tax charge for corporate for the termination of a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan and a $36 million after-tax gain for loews hotels & co related to the acquisition of an additional equity interest in, and the consolidation of, a previously unconsolidated joint venture property.
the increase in net income attributable to loews corporation in 2023 compared to 2022 was driven by improved results at cna due to higher net investment income, improved underwriting income, lower investment losses, and a significantly lower unfavorable impact in 2023 from long-term care annual reserve reviews performed in the third quarter of each year. additionally the parent company posted higher investment returns on equity securities and short-term investments.
boardwalk pipelines also contributed positively to loews corporation's year-over-year results due to higher revenues due to re-contracting at higher rates and recently completed growth projects.
2022 compared with 2021
net income attributable to loews corporation decreased to $822 million, or $3.38 diluted net income per share, for 2022 as compared to $1.6 billion, or $6.00 diluted net income per share, in 2021.
net income attributable to loews corporation for 2021 includes a net investment gain of $555 million ($438 million after tax) related to the sale of approximately 47% of altium packaging. excluding the gain on sale of altium packaging, net income decreased $302 million in 2022 compared to 2021, driven by unfavorable limited partnership and common stock results, and net losses from sales of fixed income securities at cna, partially offset by improved underwriting results and increased net investment income from fixed income securities for cna and the significant improvement in results for loews hotels & co due to the rebound in leisure travel. net income for 2022 also included an increase to long term care reserves for cna, primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of increased cost of care inflation offset by favorable premium rate assumptions. boardwalk pipelines also contributed positively to loews corporation's year-over-year results due to higher revenues from recently completed growth projects, re-contracting at higher rates and higher utilization-based revenues.
45
cna financial the following table summarizes the results of operations for cna for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 as presented in note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. for further discussion of net investment income and investment gains (losses), see the investments section of this md&a.
year ended december 31                                            2023                  2022 (a)                  2021 (a)
(in millions)
revenues:
insurance premiums                                          $9,480                   $8,667                    $8,175
net investment income                                        2,264                    1,805                     2,159
investment gains (losses)                                     (99)                    (199)                       120
non-insurance warranty revenue                               1,624                    1,574                     1,430
other revenues                                                  30                       32                        24
total                                                       13,299                   11,879                    11,908
expenses:
insurance claims and policyholders' benefits                 7,068                    6,653                     6,371
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                   1,644                    1,490                     1,443
non-insurance warranty expense                               1,544                    1,471                     1,328
other operating expenses                                     1,398                    1,339                     1,191
interest                                                       127                      112                       113
total                                                       11,781                   11,065                    10,446
income before income tax                                     1,518                      814                     1,462
income tax expense                                           (313)                    (133)                     (278)
net income                                                   1,205                      681                     1,184
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests             (111)                     (69)                     (123)
net income attributable to loews corporation                $1,094                     $612                    $1,061
(a)         as of january 1, 2023, asu 2018-12 was adopted using the modified retrospective method applied as of the transition date of january 1, 2021. prior period amounts presented in the financial statements have been adjusted to reflect application of the new guidance. for additional information see notes 1 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
2023 compared with 2022
net income attributable to loews corporation increased $482 million for 2023 as compared with 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher net investment income from limited partnership returns and fixed income securities, improved underwriting income and lower investment losses driven by the favorable change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock. net income for 2022 also included a $186 million ($131 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) increase to long term care reserves primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of increased cost of care inflation offset by favorable premium rate assumptions.
2022 compared with 2021
net income attributable to loews corporation decreased $449 million for 2022 as compared with 2021. the decrease was primarily driven by lower net investment income and investment losses in 2022 as compared with investment gains in 2021. lower net investment income was driven by unfavorable limited partnership and common stock results and investment losses were driven by net losses on fixed maturity securities and the unfavorable change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock. net income for 2022 also included a $186 million ($131 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) increase to long term care reserves primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of increased cost of care inflation offset by favorable premium rate assumptions. these decreases to net income were partially offset by improved underwriting results and higher net investment income from fixed income securities for 2022 as compared with 2021. catastrophe losses were $247 million ($174 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) for 2022 as compared with $397
million ($280 million after tax and noncontrolling interests) in 2021. catastrophe losses for 2022 and 2021 were driven by severe weather related events, primarily winter storm elliott and hurricane ian for 2022 and hurricane ida and winter storms uri and viola for 2021.
cna's property & casualty and other insurance operations cna's commercial property and casualty insurance operations ("property & casualty operations") include its specialty, commercial and international lines of business. cna's other insurance operations outside of property & casualty operations include its long-term care business that is in run-off, certain corporate expenses, including interest on cna's corporate debt, and the results of certain property and casualty businesses in run-off, including cna re, asbestos and environmental pollution ("a&ep"), a legacy portfolio of excess workers' compensation ("ewc") policies and certain legacy mass tort reserves. cna's products and services are primarily marketed through independent agents, brokers and managing general underwriters to a wide variety of customers, including small, medium and large businesses, insurance companies, associations, professionals and other groups. we believe the presentation of cna as one reportable segment is appropriate in accordance with applicable accounting standards on segment reporting. however, for purposes of this discussion and analysis of the results of operations, we provide greater detail with respect to cna's property & casualty operations and other insurance operations to enhance the reader's understanding and to provide further transparency into key drivers of cna's financial results.
in assessing its insurance operations, cna utilizes the core income (loss) financial measure. core income (loss) is calculated by excluding investment gains or losses from net income (loss). in addition, core income (loss) excludes the effects of noncontrolling interests. the calculation of core income (loss) excludes investment gains or losses because investment gains or losses are generally driven by economic factors that are not necessarily reflective of cna's primary insurance operations. core income (loss) is deemed to be a non-gaap financial measure and management believes some investors may find this measure useful to evaluate cna's insurance operations. please see the non-gaap reconciliation of net income (loss) to core income (loss) that follows in this md&a.
property & casualty operations in evaluating the results of property & casualty operations, cna utilizes the loss ratio, the underlying loss ratio, the expense ratio, the dividend ratio, the combined ratio and the underlying combined ratio. these ratios are calculated using gaap financial results. the loss ratio is the percentage of net incurred claim and claim adjustment expenses to net earned premiums. the underlying loss ratio excludes the impact of catastrophe losses and development-related items from the loss ratio. development-related items represent net prior year loss reserve and premium development, and includes the effects of interest accretion and change in allowance for uncollectible reinsurance and deductible amounts. the expense ratio is the percentage of insurance underwriting and acquisition expenses, including the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, to net earned premiums. the dividend ratio is the ratio of policyholders' dividends incurred to net earned premiums. the combined ratio is the sum of the loss, expense and dividend ratios. the underlying combined ratio is the sum of the underlying loss ratio, the expense ratio and the dividend ratio. in addition, renewal premium change, rate, retention and new business are also utilized in evaluating operating trends. renewal premium change represents the estimated change in average premium on policies that renew, including rate and exposure changes. rate represents the average change in price on policies that renew excluding exposure change. exposure represents the measure of risk used in the pricing of the insurance product. the change in exposure represents the change in premium dollars on policies that renew as a result of the change in risk of the policy. retention represents the percentage of premium dollars renewed, excluding rate and exposure changes, in comparison to the expiring premium dollars from policies available to renew. new business represents premiums from policies written with new customers and additional policies written with existing customers. gross written premiums, excluding third-party captives, excludes business which is ceded to third-party captives, including business related to large warranty programs. cna uses underwriting gain (loss), calculated using gaap financial results, to monitor insurance operations. underwriting gain (loss) is pretax and is calculated as net earned premiums less total insurance expenses, which includes insurance claims and policyholders' benefits, amortization of deferred acquisition costs and other insurance related expenses. underlying underwriting gain (loss) represents underwriting results excluding catastrophe losses and development-related items.
the following tables summarize the results of cna's property & casualty operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
year ended december 31, 2023                                      specialty                 commercial                 international                    total
(in millions, except %)
gross written premiums                                         $7,113                     $6,120                       $1,485                     $14,718
gross written premiums excluding third-party captives           3,800                      5,994                        1,485                      11,279
net written premiums                                            3,329                      4,880                        1,237                       9,446
net earned premiums                                             3,307                      4,547                        1,176                       9,030
underwriting gain                                                 317                        182                           86                         585
net investment income                                             558                        645                          103                       1,306
core income                                                       708                        652                          145                       1,505
other performance metrics:
loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development                58.5     %                 61.5     %                   57.8      %                 59.9   %
effect of catastrophe impacts                                                                4.5                          2.5                         2.6
effect of development-related items                             (0.3)                      (0.1)                          1.1
loss ratio                                                       58.2     %                 65.9     %                   61.4      %                 62.5   %
expense ratio                                                    32.0                       29.6                         31.2                        30.7
dividend ratio                                                    0.2                        0.5                                                      0.3
combined ratio                                                   90.4     %                 96.0     %                   92.6      %                 93.5   %
combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development            90.7     %                 91.6     %                   89.0      %                 90.9   %
rate                                                                                           7     %                      3      %                    5   %
renewal premium change                                              1     %                   10
retention                                                          88                         84                           83                          85
new business                                                     $481                     $1,297                         $302                      $2,080
year ended december 31, 2022
gross written premiums                                         $7,514                   $5,170                   $1,394                  $14,078
gross written premiums excluding third-party captives           3,814                    5,056                    1,394                   10,264
net written premiums                                            3,306                    4,193                    1,164                    8,663
net earned premiums                                             3,203                    3,923                    1,070                    8,196
underwriting gain                                                 366                      106                       87                      559
net investment income                                             431                      488                       63                      982
core income                                                       668                      466                      106                    1,240
other performance metrics:
loss ratio excluding catastrophes and development                58.6   %                 61.5   %                 58.5   %                 60.0   %
effect of catastrophe impacts                                     0.1                      5.6                      2.2                      3.0
effect of development-related items                             (1.3)                    (0.7)                    (1.2)                    (1.0)
loss ratio                                                       57.4   %                 66.4   %                 59.5   %                 62.0   %
expense ratio                                                    31.0                     30.4                     32.3                     30.9
dividend ratio                                                    0.2                      0.5                                               0.3
combined ratio                                                   88.6   %                 97.3   %                 91.8   %                 93.2   %
combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development            89.8   %                 92.4   %                 90.8   %                 91.2   %
rate                                                                6   %                    5   %                    6   %                    5   %
renewal premium change                                              7                        8                       11                        8
retention                                                          86                       86                       81                       86
new business                                                     $548                   $1,009                     $319                   $1,876
2023 compared with 2022
gross written premiums, excluding third-party captives, for specialty decreased $14 million in 2023 as compared with 2022 driven by lower new business partially offset by strong retention. net written premiums for specialty increased $23 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. the increase in net earned premiums was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for specialty.
gross written premiums for commercial increased $950 million in 2023 as compared with 2022 driven by higher new business and rate. net written premiums for commercial increased $687 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. the increase in net earned premiums was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for commercial.
gross written premiums for international increased $91 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, gross written premiums increased $102 million driven by favorable renewal premium change. net written premiums for international increased $73 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, net written premiums increased $74 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. the increase in net earned premiums was consistent with the trend in net written premiums for international.
core income increased $265 million in 2023 as compared with 2022 driven by higher net investment income and improved underwriting results.
catastrophe losses were $236 million in 2023 as compared with $247 million in 2022. for 2023 and 2022 specialty had no catastrophe losses and $2 million of catastrophe losses, commercial had catastrophe losses of $207 million and $222 million and international had catastrophe losses of $29 million and $23 million.
favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $23 million and $96 million was recorded in 2023 and 2022. in 2023 and 2022, specialty recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $14 million and $40 million, commercial recorded favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $22 million and $43 million and international recorded unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development of $13 million and favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $13 million. further information on net prior year loss reserve development is included in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
specialty's combined ratio increased 1.8 points in 2023 as compared with 2022 primarily due to a 1.0 point increase in the expense ratio and a 0.8 point increase in the loss ratio. the increase in the expense ratio was driven by higher employee related and acquisition costs. the increase in the loss ratio was largely due to lower favorable net prior year loss reserve development.
commercial's combined ratio improved 1.3 points in 2023 as compared with 2022 due to a 0.8 point improvement in the expense ratio and a 0.5 point improvement in the loss ratio. the improvement in the expense ratio was driven by higher net earned premiums partially offset by higher employee related costs. the improvement in the loss ratio was driven by lower catastrophe losses, which were 4.5 points of the loss ratio in 2023, as compared with 5.6 points of the loss ratio in 2022, partially offset by lower favorable net prior year loss reserve development.
international's combined ratio increased 0.8 points in 2023 as compared with 2022 due to a 1.9 point increase in the loss ratio partially offset by a 1.1 point improvement in the expense ratio. the increase in the loss ratio was driven by unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development of $13 million recorded for 2023 compared to favorable net prior year loss reserve development of $13 million recorded for 2022. catastrophe losses were 2.5 points of the loss ratio for 2023, as compared with 2.2 points of the loss ratio for 2022. the improvement in the expense ratio was driven by higher net earned premiums and a favorable reinsurance acquisition related catch-up adjustment in the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by higher employee related costs.
other insurance operations the following table summarizes the results of cna's other insurance operations for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
years ended december 31              2023                2022 (a)                2021 (a)
(in millions)
net earned premiums              $451                   $473                    $491
net investment income             958       823                     981
core loss                       (221)                  (404)                    (96)
(a)         as of january 1, 2023, asu 2018-12 was adopted using the modified retrospective method applied as of the transition date of january 1, 2021. prior period amounts presented in the financial statements have been adjusted to reflect application of the new guidance. core loss for other insurance operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 were adjusted by $(212) and $(18) as a result of adopting the standard. for additional information see notes 1 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
2023 compared with 2022
core results improved $183 million in 2023 as compared with 2022 primarily due to the unfavorable pretax impact of $181 million in 2022 as a result of the annual reserve reviews and higher net investment income, partially offset by long-term care policy buyouts in 2023. policy buyouts generally result in an unfavorable impact on core results, as the cash payments are linked to higher statutory reserve levels. excluding the impacts of long-term care policy buyouts, 2023 underwriting results are generally in line with reserving expectations.
both years are inclusive of cash flow assumption updates as a result of the annual reserve review completed in the third quarter of each year. cash flow assumption updates for 2023 resulted in an $8 million pretax increase in long-term care reserves. adjusted to reflect the application of asu 2018-12, the cash flow assumption updates for 2022 resulted in a $186 million pretax increase in long-term care reserves, primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of increased cost of care inflation, partially offset by favorable premium rate assumptions.
core results for 2023 also include a $19 million charge related to office consolidation, and a $56 million charge related to unfavorable net prior year loss reserve development for legacy mass tort claims compared with a $51 million charge for legacy mass tort claims in 2022. further information on net prior year loss reserve development is included in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
2022 compared with 2021
core results decreased $308 million in 2022 as compared with 2021 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of the 2022 annual reserve reviews and lower net investment income.
cash flow assumption updates, as a result of the annual reserve reviews, for 2022 resulted in an $186 million pretax increase in long-term care reserves compared to a $3 million pretax increase in 2021.
the decreases to core results for 2022 were partially offset by favorability related to the a&ep loss portfolio transfer ("lpt") and the prior period recognition of a $12 million loss resulting from the legacy excess workers' compensation loss portfolio transfer ("ewc lpt"). the application of retroactive reinsurance accounting to additional cessions to the a&ep lpt resulted in a benefit of $3 million in 2022 as compared to a charge of $25 million in 2021, both of which have no economic impact. for further information on the a&ep lpt and ewc lpt see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
impact of cna office consolidation on 2024 results in the first quarter of 2024, cna committed to consolidate some of its offices. as a result, cna anticipates a charge of approximately $16 million pretax in 2024 in other insurance operations.
50
non-gaap reconciliation of net income attributable to loews corporation to core income the following table reconciles net income attributable to loews corporation to core income for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021:
year ended december 31                                                        2023                  2022 (a)                  2021 (a)
(in millions)
net income attributable to loews corporation                            $1,094                     $612                    $1,061
investment (gains) losses                                                   79                      154                      (96)
consolidating adjustments including noncontrolling interests               111                       70        123
total core income                                                       $1,284                     $836                    $1,088
core income (loss):
property &amp; casualty operations                                      $1,505                   $1,240                    $1,184
other insurance operations                                               (221)                    (404)                      (96)
total core income                                                       $1,284                     $836                    $1,088
(a)         as of january 1, 2023, asu 2018-12 was adopted using the modified retrospective method applied as of the transition date of january 1, 2021. prior period amounts presented in the financial statements have been adjusted to reflect application of the new guidance. core loss for other insurance operations for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 were adjusted by $(212) and $(18) as a result of adopting the standard. for additional information see notes 1 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
boardwalk pipelines overview boardwalk pipelines operates in the midstream portion of the natural gas and natural gas liquids ("ngls") industry, providing transportation and storage for those commodities. it also provides ethane supply and transportation services for industrial customers in louisiana and texas. boardwalk pipelines is not in the business of buying and selling natural gas and ngls other than for system management purposes and to facilitate its ethane supply operations, but changes in natural gas and ngl prices may impact the volumes of natural gas or ngls transported and stored by customers or the ethane supply requirements on its systems. the pricing contained in the purchase and sales agreements associated with the supply services is generally based on the same ethane commodity index, plus a fixed delivery fee. except for possible timing differences that may occur when volumes are purchased in one month and sold in another month, boardwalk pipelines' ethane supply services, like its other businesses, result in it having little to no direct commodity price exposure. due to the capital-intensive nature of its business, boardwalk pipelines' operating costs and expenses do not vary significantly based upon the amount of products transported, with the exception of costs recorded in fuel and transportation expense, which are netted with fuel retained on our consolidated statements of operations. for further information on boardwalk pipelines' revenue recognition policies see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. boardwalk pipelines' operations and maintenance expenses are impacted by its compliance with the requirements of, among other regulations, the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration mega rule ("mega rule") and boardwalk pipelines' efforts to monitor, control and reduce emissions, as further discussed below.
on september 29, 2023, boardwalk pipelines acquired 100% of the equity interests of bayou ethane from williams field services group, llc for $355 million in cash. bayou ethane provides ethane supply and transportation services for industrial customers in louisiana and texas. for further information see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
firm agreements a substantial portion of boardwalk pipelines' transportation and storage capacity is contracted for under firm agreements. for the year ended december 31, 2023, approximately 89% of boardwalk pipelines' revenues were derived from capacity reservation fees under firm contracts or from contracts with minimum volume commitments. the table below shows a rollforward of projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements in place as of december 31,
2022 to december 31, 2023, including agreements for transportation, storage, ethane supply and other services, over the remaining term of those agreements:
as of december 31, 2023
(in millions)
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2022            $9,125
adjustments for:
actual revenues recognized from firm agreements in 2023 (a)                                          (1,356)
firm agreements entered into or acquired in 2023                                                       1,903
total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements as of december 31, 2023            $9,672
(a)reflects an increase of $76 million in boardwalk pipelines' actual 2023 revenues recognized from fixed fees under firm agreements as compared with its expected 2023 revenues from fixed fees under firm agreements, including agreements for transportation, storage and other services as of december 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase from contract renewals at higher rates that occurred in 2023. the bayou ethane acquisition also contributed $14.3 million to the increase.
during 2023, boardwalk pipelines entered into $1.9 billion of new firm agreements, of which approximately 16% were from new growth projects executed in 2023 and 9%, or $178 million, were from the agreements assumed as part of the bayou ethane acquisition. for firm agreements associated with new growth projects, the associated assets may not be placed into commercial service until sometime in the future. each year a portion of boardwalk pipelines' firm transportation and storage agreements expire. the rates boardwalk pipelines is able to charge customers are heavily influenced by market trends (both short and longer term), including the available supply, geographical location of natural gas production, the competition between producing basins, competition with other pipelines for supply and markets, the demand for gas by end-users such as power plants, petrochemical facilities and lng export facilities and the price differentials between the gas supplies and the market demand for the gas (basis differentials). as of december 31, 2023, boardwalk pipelines' top ten customers under committed firm agreements comprised approximately 53% of its total projected operating revenues and the credit profile associated with boardwalk pipelines' customers comprising the total projected operating revenues under committed firm agreements was 77% rated as investment grade, 7% rated as non-investment grade and 16% not rated.
pipeline system maintenance and greenhouse gases ("ghgs") emission reduction initiatives boardwalk pipelines incurs substantial costs for ongoing maintenance of its pipeline systems and related facilities, including those incurred for pipeline integrity management activities, equipment overhauls, general upkeep and repairs. these costs are not dependent on the amount of revenues earned from its transportation services. phmsa has developed regulations that require transportation pipeline operators to implement integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate certain high risk areas, known as hcas, and mcas, along pipelines and take additional safety measures to protect people and property in these areas. the hcas for natural gas pipelines are predicated on high-population density areas (which, for natural gas transmission lines, include class 3 and 4 areas and, depending on the potential impacts of a risk event, may include class 1 and 2 areas) whereas hcas along boardwalk pipelines' ngl pipelines are based on high-population density areas, areas near certain drinking water sources and unusually sensitive ecological areas. these regulations have resulted in an overall increase in boardwalk pipelines' ongoing maintenance costs, including maintenance capital and maintenance expense. in 2019, phmsa issued the first part of its gas mega rule, which became effective on july 1, 2020. this regulation imposed numerous requirements, including maop reconfirmation through re-verification of all historical records for pipelines in service, which re-certification process may require natural gas pipelines installed before 1970 (previously excluded from certain pressure testing obligations) to be pressure tested, the periodic assessment of additional pipeline mileage outside of hcas (in mcas as well as class 3 and class 4 areas), the reporting of exceedances of maop and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. in 2021, phmsa issued a final rule that will impose safety regulations related to onshore gas gathering lines and in june 2021, phmsa issued an advisory bulletin advising pipeline and pipeline facility operators of applicable requirements to update their inspection and maintenance plans for the elimination of hazardous leaks and minimization of natural gas released from pipeline facilities. phmsa and state regulators reportedly began their review of these plans in 2022, and in may 2023, phmsa published a proposed rule that would enhance requirements for detecting and repairing leaks on new and existing natural gas distribution, gas transmission and gas gathering pipelines. in august 2022, phmsa published another final rule expanding the management of change process, extending corrosion control requirements for gas transmission pipelines, adding requirements that operators ensure no conditions exist following an extreme weather event that could adversely affect the safe operation of the pipeline, and adopting repair criteria for non-hcas similar to those applicable to hcas. in september 2023, phmsa published a proposed rule that would enhance the safety requirements for gas distribution pipelines and would require updates to distribution integrity management programs, emergency response plans, operations and maintenance manuals, and other safety practices.
due to the nature of boardwalk pipelines' business, its operations emit various types of ghgs. boardwalk pipelines seeks to carefully monitor its emissions and expects to incur additional costs to mitigate emissions. new legislation or regulations could increase the costs related to operating and maintaining boardwalk pipelines' facilities. depending on the particular law, regulation or program, boardwalk pipelines could be required to incur capital expenditures for installing new monitoring equipment or emission controls on its facilities, acquire and surrender allowances for ghg emissions, pay taxes or fees related to ghg emissions and/or administer and manage a more comprehensive ghg emissions program.
boardwalk pipelines has been focused on seeking to meet and, in certain instances, pursuing projects aimed at exceeding regulatory obligations (such as those found in the clean air act ("caa")) by working to reduce emissions of regulated air pollutants, including methane, associated with its pipeline transportation and storage assets. for example, in selecting new compression equipment for growth or asset reliability projects, boardwalk pipelines considers air emissions as a component in the decision-making process and, when appropriate, places increased emphasis in the selection process on equipment with emissions performance that exceeds applicable federal standards. several of boardwalk pipelines' reliability projects over the last few years have resulted in replacement of older, higher-emitting compressor drivers with units equipped with advanced emission control systems. as a result, these projects have resulted in decreases in emissions of nitrogen oxides and other air pollutants.
boardwalk pipelines has identified the reduction of ghg emissions as an area of focus and looks for opportunities to reduce emissions using a variety of strategies, including the following:
evaluating replacing older compression equipment with electric drive compression or new low emission, fuel efficient units when practical;
modifying fuel systems on certain reciprocating compression equipment to lower fuel consumption and emissions;
conducting emissions surveys and performing maintenance and repairs on identified component leaks;
performing annual leak surveys along boardwalk pipelines' pipelines with the aid of helicopters and fixed-wing planes, and analytical field surveys when appropriate;
performing measurement surveys on all of boardwalk pipelines' compressor stations at least twice a year, exceeding environmental protection agency ("epa") requirements;
using optical gas imaging cameras to scan natural gas piping and components at boardwalk pipelines' compressor stations to visualize any leaks in real time;
installing continuous monitoring emission detection equipment at three compression stations;
employing experts in air emissions to develop and monitor efforts in reducing emissions;
reducing methane emissions vented to the atmosphere from transmission pipeline blowdowns by using existing and portable compression and flaring when feasible;
installing repair sleeves and composite wraps where appropriate to avoid pipeline blowdowns;
exploring options to replace high-bleed natural gas pneumatic devices with low or zero flow bleed devices; and
reducing methane emissions from rod packing seals on reciprocating compressors, where appropriate.
however, boardwalk pipelines cannot guarantee that it will be able to implement any of the opportunities it may review or explore, or, for any opportunities it chooses to implement, to implement them in their intended manner or within a specific timeframe or across all operational assets.
these new and any future regulations adopted by phmsa and efforts to reduce ghg emissions are expected to cause boardwalk pipelines to incur increased capital and operating costs, may cause boardwalk pipelines to experience operational delays and may result in potential adverse impacts to its ability to reliably serve its customers. for more information, see item 1. business and item 1a. risk factors of this report.
maintenance costs may be capitalized or expensed, depending on the nature of the activities. for any given reporting period, the mix of projects that boardwalk pipelines undertakes will affect the amounts it records as property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets or recognizes as expenses, which impacts earnings. in 2024, boardwalk pipelines expects to spend approximately $505 million to maintain its pipeline systems, comply with regulations and monitor, control and reduce its ghg emissions, of which approximately $215 million is expected to be maintenance capital. in 2023, boardwalk pipelines spent $446 million on these matters, of which $165 million was recorded as maintenance capital.
results of operations the following table summarizes the results of operations for boardwalk pipelines for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 as presented in note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. boardwalk pipelines also utilizes a non-gaap measure, earnings before interest, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") as a financial measure to assess its operating and financial performance and return on invested capital. management believes some investors may find this measure useful in evaluating boardwalk pipelines' performance.
year ended december 31                                      2023                    2022
(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenues and other                          $1,625                   $1,446
interest income                                           11
total                                                  1,636                    1,446
expenses:
operating and other:
operating costs and expenses                             696                      554
depreciation and amortization                            412                      396
interest                                                 155                      166
total                                                  1,263                    1,116
income before income tax                                 373                      330
income tax expense                                      (90)                     (83)
net income attributable to loews corporation            $283                     $247
ebitda                                                  $929                     $892
2023 compared with 2022
net income attributable to loews corporation and ebitda increased $36 million and $37 million in 2023 as compared with 2022, primarily due to the reasons discussed below.
total revenues increased $190 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. including fuel and transportation expenses and product costs, operating revenues increased $88 million. boardwalk pipelines' transportation revenues increased $71 million, primarily due to re-contracting at higher rates and recently completed growth projects, storage and parking and lending revenues increased $23 million due to favorable market conditions and the bayou ethane acquisition contributed $11 million, resulting from product sales of $99 million and product costs of $88 million. these increases were partially offset by $9 million from lower sales of other ngl products.
operating costs and expenses increased $142 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. excluding expenses and product costs offset with operating revenues, operating costs and expenses increased $51 million primarily due to increased costs from maintenance projects associated with the requirements of the mega rule, higher materials and supplies, outside services and employee-related costs and expenses from the bayou ethane acquisition.
depreciation and amortization expense increased $16 million in 2023 as compared with 2022 primarily due to an increased asset base from recently completed growth projects, the bayou ethane acquisition and a change in the estimated life of certain assets.
interest expense decreased $11 million in 2023 as compared with 2022, primarily due to lower average outstanding long-term debt.
54
non-gaap reconciliation of net income attributable to loews corporation to ebitda the following table reconciles net income attributable to loews corporation to ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31                                            2023                  2022
(in millions)
net income attributable to loews corporation                   $283                  $247
interest, net                                                   144                   166
income tax expense                                               90                    83
depreciation and amortization                                   412                   396
ebitda                                                         $929                  $892
loews hotels & co the following table summarizes the results of operations for loews hotels & co for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 as presented in note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                                    2023                  2022
(in millions)
revenues:
operating revenue                                     $678                   $596
gain on acquisition of a joint venture                  46
revenues related to reimbursable expenses              128                    125
total                                                  852                    721
expenses:
operating and other:
operating                                              558                    483
asset impairments                                       12                     25
reimbursable expenses                                  128                    125
depreciation and amortization expense                   69                     64
equity income from joint ventures                    (129)                  (148)
interest                                                14                     11
total                                                  652                    560
income before income tax                               200                    161
income tax expense                                    (53)                   (44)
net income attributable to loews corporation          $147                   $117
2023 compared with 2022
net income attributable to loews corporation improved by $30 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. results for 2023 include a gain of $46 million ($36 million after tax) related to the acquisition of an additional equity interest in, and the consolidation of, a previously unconsolidated joint venture property.
55
operating revenues improved by $82 million and operating expenses increased by $75 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. the increase in operating revenues was driven by consolidating the results of a property previously accounted for under the equity method and a higher overall occupancy level at owned hotels. the increase in operating expenses was largely due to consolidating the results of a property previously accounted for under the equity method in addition to increased staffing costs and higher property taxes.
equity income from joint ventures decreased $19 million in 2023 as compared to 2022. the overall occupancy level at joint venture properties was lower in 2023 as compared to 2022, while average daily rates increased nominally for 2023 compared to 2022. expenses at joint venture properties increased in 2023 compared to 2022, largely due to increased staffing costs, as well as higher insurance, property taxes and interest costs.
in 2023 and 2022, loews hotels & co recorded impairment charges of $12 million and $25 million to reduce the carrying value of certain assets to their estimated fair value.
interest expense for 2023 increased $3 million as compared with 2022 due primarily to consolidating the results of a property previously accounted for under the equity method, and a lower favorable impact from interest rate caps, offset by the increase in capitalized interest on projects under development.
corporate corporate operations consist primarily of investment income, interest expense and administrative costs at the parent company. investment income includes earnings on cash and short-term investments held at the parent company to meet current and future liquidity needs, as well as results of the trading portfolio held at the parent company. corporate also includes the equity method of accounting for altium packaging.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for corporate for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 as presented in note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8:
year ended december 31                                    2023                    2022
(in millions)
revenues:
net investment income (loss)                          $114                     $(7)
operating revenues and other                                                      5
total                                                  114                      (2)
expenses:
operating and other                                    120                       91
equity method loss                                       9                        9
interest                                                80                       89
total                                                  209                      189
loss before income tax                                (95)                    (191)
income tax benefit                                       5                       37
net loss attributable to loews corporation           $(90)                   $(154)
2023 compared with 2022
net investment income for the parent company was $114 million in 2023 as compared with net investment loss of $7 million in 2022, primarily due to higher income from short-term investments and fixed maturity securities and the favorable change in the fair value of equity based investments in the trading portfolio.
operating and other expenses increased $29 million in 2023 as compared with 2022. these increases were primarily due to a settlement expense of $47 million in 2023 to recognize previously unrealized losses, which were included in aoci, due to the termination of a non-contributory defined benefit plan. this increase is partially offset by higher legal fees and corporate overhead expenses in 2022. for additional information on the settlement expense see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
56
interest expenses decreased $9 million in 2023 as compared with 2022, due to the retirement of the parent company's $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.6% senior notes in may of 2023.
the lower income tax benefit in 2023, as compared to 2022, included an adjustment to deferred state income taxes.
liquidity and capital resources parent company parent company cash and investments, net of receivables and payables, totaled $2.6 billion at december 31, 2023 as compared to $3.2 billion at december 31, 2022. in 2023, we received $1.0 billion in cash dividends from our subsidiaries, including a special cash dividend of $293 million from cna. cash outflows in 2023 included the payment of $849 million to fund treasury stock purchases, $500 million to retire at maturity the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2.6% senior notes, $57 million of cash dividends to our shareholders, $178 million to purchase common shares of cna and equity contributions of $38 million to loews hotels & co. in march of 2024, we will receive cash dividends of $606 million from cna. as a holding company we depend on dividends from our subsidiaries and returns on our investment portfolio to fund our obligations. we also have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") under which we may publicly issue an unspecified amount of our debt, equity or hybrid securities from time to time. we are not responsible for the liabilities and obligations of our subsidiaries and there are no parent company guarantees.
depending on market and other conditions, we may purchase shares of our and our subsidiaries outstanding common stock in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. in 2023, we purchased 14.0 million shares of loews corporation common stock and 4.5 million shares of cna's common stock. as of february 2, 2024, there were 222,201,139 shares of loews corporation common stock outstanding.
loews corporation has a corporate credit and senior debt rating of a with a stable outlook from s&p global ratings ("s&p"), a senior debt rating of a3 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service ("moody's") and a senior debt rating of a- with a stable outlook from fitch ratings inc. ("fitch").
future uses of our cash may include investing in our subsidiaries, new acquisitions, dividends and/or purchases of our and our subsidiaries' outstanding common stock. the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our earnings, financial condition and business needs.
subsidiaries cna's cash provided by operating activities was $2.3 billion in 2023 and $2.5 billion in 2022. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was driven by higher net claim payments, which includes long-term care policy buyouts of $193 million and higher operating expenses, partially offset by an increase in premiums collected.
cna paid cash dividends of $2.88 per share on its common stock, including a special cash dividend of $1.20 per share, in 2023. on february 2, 2024, cna's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.44 per share and a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share payable march 7, 2024 to shareholders of record on february 20, 2024. cna's declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of its board of directors and will depend on many factors, including cna's earnings, financial condition, business needs and regulatory constraints. cna believes that its present cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities are sufficient to fund its current and expected working capital and debt obligation needs and does not expect this to change in the near term.
dividends to cna from continental casualty company ("ccc"), a subsidiary of cna, are subject to the insurance holding company laws of the state of illinois, the domiciliary state of ccc. under these laws, ordinary dividends, or dividends that do not require prior approval by the illinois department of insurance (the "department"), are determined based on the greater of the prior year's statutory net income or 10% of statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year, as well as the timing and amount of dividends paid in the preceding 12 months. additionally, ordinary dividends may only be paid from earned surplus, which is calculated by removing unrealized gains from unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2023, ccc was in a positive earned surplus position. the maximum allowable dividend ccc could pay during 2024 that would not be subject to the department's prior approval is $1.1 billion, less dividends paid during the preceding twelve months measured at that point in time. ccc paid dividends of $1.1 billion in 2023. the actual level of dividends paid in any year is determined after an assessment of available dividend capacity, holding company liquidity and cash needs as well as the impact the dividends will have on the statutory surplus of the applicable insurance company.
in 2023, cna completed a public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.5% senior notes due june 15, 2033 and repaid at maturity the $243 million outstanding aggregate principal balance of its 7.3% debenture.
cna has a financial strength rating of a and senior debt rating of bbb+ from a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), a financial strength rating of a2 and senior debt rating of baa2 from moody's, a financial strength rating of a+ and senior debt rating of a- from s&p and financial strength rating of a+ and senior debt rating of bbb+ from fitch. a.m. best, moody's, s&p and fitch maintain stable outlooks across cna's financial strength and senior debt credit ratings.
cna has an effective shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which it may publicly issue an unspecified amount of debt, equity or hybrid securities from time to time.
boardwalk pipelines' cash provided by operating activities increased $91 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to changes in net income adjusted for depreciation and amortization.
for 2023 and 2022, boardwalk pipelines' capital expenditures were $382 million and $344 million, consisting of growth capital expenditures of $218 million and $180 million and maintenance capital expenditures of $164 million and $157 million. during 2022, boardwalk pipelines also spent $7 million on natural gas to be used in its integrated natural gas pipeline system. boardwalk pipelines expects total capital expenditures to be approximately $420 million in 2024, including approximately $215 million for maintenance capital and $205 million related to growth projects. during 2023, boardwalk pipelines acquired bayou ethane for $355 million.
boardwalk pipelines anticipates that its existing capital resources, including its cash on hand, revolving credit facility and cash flows from operating activities, will be adequate to fund its operations and capital expenditures for 2024. boardwalk pipelines may seek to access the debt markets to fund some or all capital expenditures for growth projects or acquisitions, to refinance maturing debt or for general partnership purposes. boardwalk pipelines has an effective shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which it may publicly issue $1.5 billion of debt securities, warrants or rights from time to time. boardwalk pipelines has $600 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of its 5.0% notes maturing in december of 2024, which it expects to retire near or at maturity through available capital resources, including borrowing under its revolving credit facility or publicly issuing debt securities.
in june of 2023, boardwalk pipelines' amended its revolving credit facility to extend the maturity date by one year to may 26, 2028. as of december 31, 2023, boardwalk pipelines had $25 million of outstanding borrowings and $975 million of available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facility.
in december of 2023, boardwalk pipelines paid a distribution of $300 million to the company.
boardwalk pipelines has a senior debt rating of bbb- with a stable outlook from s&p, a senior debt rating of baa2 with a stable outlook from moody's and a senior debt rating of bbb with a stable outlook from fitch.
as of december 31, 2023, loews hotels & co, through its subsidiaries, had $532 million in mortgage loans that mature within twelve months. loews hotels & co currently intends to refinance or exercise options to extend these loans prior to maturity. refinancing or extending any indebtedness, including loans of unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, may require loews hotels & co to make principal pay downs, establish restricted cash reserves or provide guaranties of the subsidiary's debt. through the date of this report, all loews hotels & co's subsidiaries are in compliance with their debt covenants.
in 2023, loews hotels & co received capital contributions of $38 million from loews corporation to fund development projects.
contractual obligations we and our subsidiaries have contractual obligations which arise in the ordinary course of business. for a discussion regarding the obligations related to our and our subsidiaries long-term debt see note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8. for contractual payment obligations related to the claim and claim adjustment expense reserves and future policy benefit reserves see the table below:
payments due by period december 31, 2023                         total                    less than 1 year                       1-3 years                  3-5 years            more than
5 years
(in millions)
claim and claim adjustment expense reserves (a)                              $23,864                  $5,417                              $6,441                     $3,448                  $8,558
future policy benefit reserves (b)        27,964          733                                           1,435                      1,629                  24,167
(a)the claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflected above are not discounted and represent cna's estimate of the amount and timing of the ultimate settlement and administration of gross claims based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2023. see the insurance reserves section of this md&a for further information.
(b)the future policy benefit reserves reflected above are not discounted, include maintenance costs, represent cna's estimate of the ultimate amount and timing of the settlement of benefits net of expected premiums and are based on its assessment of facts and circumstances known as of december 31, 2023. additional information on future policy benefit reserves is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
further information on our commitments, contingencies and guarantees is provided in the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
investments investment activities of our non-insurance subsidiaries primarily consist of investments in fixed income securities, including short-term investments. the parent company portfolio also includes equity securities, including short sales and derivative instruments. certain of these types of parent company investments generally have greater volatility, less liquidity and greater risk than fixed income investments and are included within results of operations - corporate.
the parent company enters into short sales and invests in certain derivative instruments that are used for asset and liability management activities, income enhancements to its portfolio management strategy and to benefit from anticipated future movements in the underlying markets. if such movements do not occur as anticipated, significant losses may occur. monitoring procedures include senior management review of daily reports of existing positions and valuation fluctuations to seek to ensure that open positions are consistent with the portfolio strategy.
credit exposure associated with non-performance by counterparties to derivative instruments is generally limited to the uncollateralized change in fair value of the derivative instruments recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. the risk of non-performance is mitigated by monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties and diversifying derivatives by using multiple counterparties. collateral is occasionally required from derivative investment counterparties depending on the amount of the exposure and the credit rating of the counterparty.
insurance cna maintains a large portfolio of fixed maturity and equity securities, including large amounts of corporate and government issued debt securities, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities and investments in limited partnerships which pursue a variety of long and short investment strategies across a broad array of asset classes. cna's investment portfolio supports its obligation to pay future insurance claims and provides investment returns which are an important part of cna's overall profitability.
59
net investment income the significant components of cna's net investment income are presented in the following table. fixed income securities, as presented, include both fixed maturity securities and non-redeemable preferred stock.
year ended december 31                                            2023                    2022
(in millions)
fixed income securities:
taxable fixed income securities                             $1,798                   $1,585
tax-exempt fixed income securities                             178                      244
total fixed income securities                                1,976                    1,829
limited partnership and common stock investments               202                     (31)
other, net of investment expense                                86                        7
net investment income                                       $2,264                   $1,805
effective income yield for the fixed income securities portfolio                                                        4.7   %   4.4                %
limited partnership and common stock return                      9.4   %              (1.4)   %
cna's net investment income increased $459 million in 2023 as compared with 2022, driven by favorable limited partnership returns and higher income from fixed income securities as a result of the rising interest rate environment.
investment gains (losses)
the components of cna's investment gains (losses) are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31                                             2023                    2022
(in millions)
investment gains (losses):
fixed maturity securities:
corporate and other bonds                                     $(57)                    $(89)
states, municipalities and political subdivisions                10                       26
asset-backed                                                   (44)                     (34)
total fixed maturity securities                                (91)                     (97)
non-redeemable preferred stock                                    4                    (116)
derivatives, short-term and other                              (12)                       14
total investment losses                                        (99)                    (199)
income tax benefit                                               20                       45
amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests                  8                       16
investment losses attributable to loews corporation           $(71)                   $(138)
cna's investment losses decreased $100 million in 2023 as compared with 2022, driven by the favorable change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock.
additionally, derivatives, short-term and other for 2022 included an $18 million non-economic net gain related to the novation of a coinsurance agreement on cna's legacy annuity business in its other insurance operations and the associated funds withheld embedded derivative. the coinsurance agreement was novated in the fourth quarter of 2022.
60
further information on cna's investment gains and losses is set forth in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
portfolio quality the following table presents the estimated fair value and net unrealized gains (losses) of cna's fixed maturity securities by rating distribution:
december 31, 2023                                                          december 31, 2022
estimated fair value                   net unrealized gains (losses)       estimated fair value                    net unrealized gains(losses)
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises                 $2,795                                       $(298)                        $2,419                                       $(336)
aaa                                                                                        2,727                                        (169)                         2,398                                        (208)
aa                                                                                         6,444                                        (420)                         6,342                                        (663)
a                                                                                          9,910                                        (223)                         9,043                                        (531)
bbb                                                                                       16,670                                        (744)                        15,651                                      (1,447)
non-investment grade                                                                       1,879                                        (119)                         1,774                                        (219)
total                                                                                    $40,425                                     $(1,973)                       $37,627                                     $(3,404)
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, 1% of cna's fixed maturity portfolio was rated internally. aaa rated securities included $0.2 billion and $0.3 billion of pre-funded municipal bonds as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
the following table presents cna's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities in a gross unrealized loss position by ratings distribution:
december 31, 2023                                                                    estimated fair value                gross unrealized losses
(in millions)
u.s. government, government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises                 $2,273                                  $309
aaa                                                                                        1,524                                   261
aa                                                                                         3,817                                   658
a                                                                                          5,652                                   517
bbb                                                                                       11,523                                 1,095
non-investment grade                                                                         942                                   155
total                                                                                    $25,731                                $2,995
61
the following table presents the maturity profile for these available-for-sale fixed maturity securities. securities not due to mature on a single date are allocated based on weighted average life:
december 31, 2023                                estimated fair value                gross unrealized losses
(in millions)
due in one year or less                                 $974                                   $33
due after one year through five years                  8,197            468
due after five years through ten years                 8,058                                 1,058
due after ten years                                    8,502                                 1,436
total                                                $25,731                                $2,995
commercial real estate cna's investment portfolio has exposure to the commercial real estate sector primarily through its fixed maturity securities and mortgage loan portfolios. the performance of these assets is dependent on a number of factors, including the performance of the underlying collateral (which is influenced by cash flows from underlying property leases), changes in the fair value of collateral, refinancing risk, and the creditworthiness of tenants of credit tenant loan properties (where lease payments directly service the loan).
within cna's fixed maturity securities portfolio, its exposure is primarily through the commercial mortgage-backed securities portfolio and the corporate and other bonds portfolio, which contains obligations of real estate investment trust ("reit") issuers. commercial mortgage-backed securities include both single asset, single borrower collateral that is securitized independently and conduit collateral that is securitized in diversified pools.
the following tables present the estimated fair value and net unrealized gains (losses) of cna's commercial mortgage-backed securities by property type and by ratings distribution:
december 31, 2023                                         estimated fair value       net unrealized gains (losses)
(in millions)
commercial mortgage-backed:
single asset, single borrower:
office                                                           $306                            $(70)
retail                                                            283                             (28)
lodging                                                           227                             (23)
industrial                                                         93                              (4)
multifamily                                                        59                              (3)
total single asset, single borrower                               968                            (128)
conduits (multi property, multi borrower pools)                   663                             (95)
total commercial mortgage-backed                               $1,631                           $(223)
62
december 31, 2023                          estimated fair value       net unrealized gains (losses)
(in millions)
commercial mortgage backed:
aaa                                               $570                            $(27)
aa                                                 594                             (95)
a                                                  202                             (30)
bbb                                                216                             (45)
non-investment grade                                49                             (26)
total commercial mortgage-backed                $1,631                           $(223)
the following tables present the estimated fair value and net unrealized gains (losses) of the reit issuer exposure within cna's corporate and other bonds portfolio by property type and by ratings distribution:
december 31, 2023                                   estimated fair value   net unrealized gains (losses)
(in millions)
corporate and other bonds - reits:
retail                                                     $515            $(25)
office                                                      250            (20)
industrial                                                   99            (1)
other (a)                                                   452            (22)
total corporate and other bonds - reits                  $1,316            $(68)
(a)         other includes a diversified mix of property type strategies including self-storage, healthcare and apartments.
december 31, 2023                                   estimated fair value   net unrealized gains (losses)
(in millions)
corporate and other bonds - reits:
aa                                                          $10
a                                                           285            $(3)
bbb                                                         994            (64)
non-investment grade                                         27            (1)
total corporate and other bonds - reits                  $1,316            $(68)
mortgage loans are commercial in nature and are carried at unpaid principal balance, net of unamortized fees and an allowance for expected credit losses. the allowance for expected credit losses is developed by assessing the credit quality of pools of mortgage loans in good standing using debt service coverage ratios ("dscr") and loan-to-value ratios ("ltv"). this assessment utilizes historical credit loss experience adjusted to reflect current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. as of december 31, 2023 the allowance for expected credit losses on cna's mortgage portfolio was $35 million, or 3.3% of its amortized cost basis.
63
the following table presents the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans by property type:
december 31, 2023                                      amortized cost                 percentage of total
(in millions, except %)
mortgage loans:
retail                                                    $520                                48        %
office                                                     245                                23
industrial                                                 124                                12
other                                                      181                                17
total mortgage loans                                     1,070                               100        %
less: allowance for expected credit losses                (35)
total mortgage loans - net of allowance                 $1,035
in addition to the mortgage loan portfolio, cna invests in securitized credit tenant loans and ground lease financings that are classified as fixed maturity securities and are largely investment grade quality. as of december 31, 2023, these holdings had an estimated fair value of $479 million and net unrealized losses of $87 million.
cna owns other fixed maturity securities which have exposure to cell towers, data centers and other collateral types that could be viewed as having real estate characteristics. cna views these securities to have risks more similar to operating enterprises that do not share the same risks as the broader commercial real estate market.
cna does not hold any direct investments in commercial real estate. additionally, cna does not have significant exposure through its limited partnership portfolio to funds whose primary strategy is real estate focused.
duration a primary objective in the management of cna's investment portfolio is to optimize return relative to the corresponding liabilities and respective liquidity needs. cna's views on the current interest rate environment, tax regulations, asset class valuations, specific security issuer and broader industry segment conditions as well as domestic and global economic conditions, are some of the factors that enter into an investment decision. cna also continually monitors exposure to issuers of securities held and broader industry sector exposures and may from time to time adjust such exposures based on its views of a specific issuer or industry sector.
a further consideration in the management of cna's investment portfolio is the characteristics of the corresponding liabilities and the ability to align the duration of the portfolio to those liabilities and to meet future liquidity needs, minimize interest rate risk and maintain a level of income sufficient to support the underlying insurance liabilities. for portfolios where future liability cash flows are determinable and typically long-term in nature, cna segregates investments for asset/liability management purposes. the segregated investments support the long-term care and structured settlement liabilities in other insurance operations.
the effective durations of cna's fixed income securities and short-term investments are presented in the following table. amounts presented are net of payable and receivable amounts for securities purchased and sold, but not yet settled.
december 31, 2023                                              december 31, 2022
estimated                   effective duration (years)         estimated                   effective duration (years)
fair value                                                     fair value
(in millions of dollars)
investments supporting other insurance operations          $15,137                                               10.2     $14,511                                                9.9
other investments                                           27,981                                                4.5      25,445                                                4.7
total                                                      $43,118                                                6.5     $39,956                                                6.6
cna's investment portfolio is periodically analyzed for changes in duration and related price risk. certain securities have duration characteristics that are variable based on market interest rates, credit spreads and other factors that may drive variability in the amount and timing of cash flows. additionally, cna periodically reviews the sensitivity of the portfolio to the level of foreign exchange rates and other factors that contribute to market price changes. a summary of these risks and specific analysis on changes is included in the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk included under item 7a.
insurance reserves the level of reserves cna maintains represents its best estimate, as of a particular point in time, of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on cna's assessment of facts and circumstances known at that time. reserves are not an exact calculation of liability but instead are complex estimates that cna derives, generally utilizing a variety of actuarial reserve estimation techniques, from numerous assumptions and expectations about future events, both internal and external, many of which are highly uncertain. as noted below, cna reviews its reserves for each segment of its business periodically, and any such review could result in the need to increase reserves in amounts which could be material and could adversely affect our results of operations and equity and cna's equity, business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings. further information on reserves is provided in notes 8 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
property and casualty claim and claim adjustment expense reserves cna maintains loss reserves to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claim and claim adjustment expenses, including the estimated cost of the claims adjudication process, for claims that have been reported but not yet settled (case reserves) and claims that have been incurred but not reported ("ibnr"). ibnr includes a provision for development on known cases as well as a provision for late reported incurred claims. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are reflected as liabilities and are included on the consolidated balance sheets under the heading "insurance reserves." adjustments to prior year reserve estimates, if necessary, are reflected in results of operations in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. the carried case and ibnr reserves as of each balance sheet date are provided in the discussion that follows and in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
there is a risk that cna's recorded reserves are insufficient to cover its estimated ultimate unpaid liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses. unforeseen emerging or potential claims and coverage issues are also difficult to predict and could materially adversely affect the adequacy of cna's claim and claim adjustment expense reserves and could lead to future reserve increases.
in addition, cna's property and casualty insurance subsidiaries also have actual and potential exposures related to a&ep claims, which could result in material losses. to mitigate the risks posed by cna's exposure to a&ep claims and claim adjustment expenses, cna completed a transaction with national indemnity company ("nico"), under which substantially all of cna's legacy a&ep liabilities were ceded to nico effective january 1, 2010. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for further discussion about the transaction with nico, its impact on cna's results of operations and the deferred retroactive reinsurance gains and the amount of remaining reinsurance limit.
establishing property & casualty reserve estimates in developing claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates, cna's actuaries perform detailed reserve analyses that are staggered throughout the year. the data is organized at a reserve group level. a reserve group typically can be a line of business covering a subset of insureds such as commercial automobile liability for small or middle market customers, or it can be a particular type of claim such as construction defect. every reserve group is reviewed at least once during the year, but most are reviewed more frequently. the analyses generally review losses gross of ceded reinsurance and apply the ceded reinsurance terms to the gross estimates to establish estimates net of reinsurance. in addition to the detailed analyses, cna reviews actual loss emergence for all products each quarter.
most of cna's business can be characterized as long-tail. for long-tail business, it will generally be several years between the time the business is written and the time when all claims are settled. cna's long-tail exposures include commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation, general liability, medical professional liability, other professional liability and management liability coverages, assumed reinsurance run-off and products liability. short-tail exposures include property, commercial automobile physical damage, marine, surety and warranty. property & casualty operations contain both long-tail and short-tail exposures. other insurance operations contain long-tail exposures.
various methods are used to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and short-tail exposures.
the paid development method estimates ultimate losses by reviewing paid loss patterns and applying them to accident or policy years with further expected changes in paid losses. selection of the paid loss pattern may require consideration of several factors including the impact of economic, social and medical inflation on claim costs, the rate at which claims professionals make claim payments and close claims, the impact of judicial decisions, the impact of underwriting changes, the impact of large claim payments and other factors. claim cost inflation itself may require evaluation of changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. because this method assumes that losses are paid at a consistent rate, changes in any of these factors can affect the results. since the method does not rely on case reserves, it is not directly influenced by changes in their adequacy.
for many reserve groups, paid loss data for recent periods may be too immature or erratic for accurate predictions. this situation often exists for long-tail exposures. in addition, changes in the factors described above may result in inconsistent payment patterns. finally, estimating the paid loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available in the data analyzed often involves considerable uncertainty for long-tail products such as workers' compensation.
the incurred development method is similar to the paid development method, but it uses case incurred losses instead of paid losses. since the method uses more data (case reserves in addition to paid losses) than the paid development method, the incurred development patterns may be less variable than paid patterns. however, selection of the incurred loss pattern typically requires analysis of all of the same factors described above. in addition, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving practices have taken place, and the use of case incurred losses may not eliminate the issues associated with estimating the incurred loss pattern subsequent to the most mature point available.
the loss ratio method multiplies earned premiums by an expected loss ratio to produce ultimate loss estimates for each accident or policy year. this method may be useful for immature accident or policy periods or if loss development patterns are inconsistent, losses emerge very slowly or there is relatively little loss history from which to estimate future losses. the selection of the expected loss ratio typically requires analysis of loss ratios from earlier accident or policy years or pricing studies and analysis of inflationary trends, frequency trends, rate changes, underwriting changes and other applicable factors.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss is a combination of the paid development method and the loss ratio method. this method normally determines expected loss ratios similar to the approach used to estimate the expected loss ratio for the loss ratio method and typically requires analysis of the same factors described above. this method assumes that future losses will develop at the expected loss ratio level. the percent of paid loss to ultimate loss implied from the paid development method is used to determine what percentage of ultimate loss is yet to be paid. the use of the pattern from the paid development method typically requires consideration of the same factors listed in the description of the paid development method. the estimate of losses yet to be paid is added to current paid losses to estimate the ultimate loss for each year. for long-tail lines, this method will react very slowly if actual ultimate loss ratios are different from expectations due to changes not accounted for by the expected loss ratio calculation.
the bornhuetter-ferguson method using incurred loss is similar to the bornhuetter-ferguson method using paid loss except that it uses case incurred losses. the use of case incurred losses instead of paid losses can result in development patterns that are less variable than paid patterns. however, the inclusion of case reserves can lead to distortions if changes in case reserving have taken place, and the method typically requires analysis of the same factors that need to be reviewed for the loss ratio and incurred development methods.
the frequency times severity method multiplies a projected number of ultimate claims by an estimated ultimate average loss for each accident or policy year to produce ultimate loss estimates. since projections of the ultimate number of claims are often less variable than projections of ultimate loss, this method can provide more reliable results for reserve groups where loss development patterns are inconsistent or too variable to be relied on exclusively. in addition, this method can more directly account for changes in coverage that affect the number and size of claims. however, this method can be difficult to apply to situations where very large claims or a substantial number of unusual claims result in volatile average claim sizes. projecting the ultimate number of claims may require analysis of several factors, including the rate at which policyholders report claims to cna, the impact of judicial decisions, the impact of underwriting changes and other factors. estimating the ultimate average loss may require analysis of the impact of large losses and claim cost trends based on changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, changes in the cost of medical care, changes in the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors.
stochastic modeling produces a range of possible outcomes based on varying assumptions related to the particular reserve group being modeled. for some reserve groups, cna uses models which rely on historical development patterns at an aggregate level, while other reserve groups are modeled using individual claim variability assumptions supplied by the claims department. in either case, multiple simulations using varying assumptions are run and the results are analyzed to produce a range of potential outcomes. the results will typically include a mean and percentiles of the possible reserve distribution which aid in the selection of a point estimate.
for many exposures, especially those that can be considered long-tail, a particular accident or policy year may not have a sufficient volume of paid losses to produce a statistically reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in such a case, cna's actuaries typically assign more weight to the incurred development method than to the paid development method. as claims continue to settle and the volume of paid loss increases, the actuaries may assign additional weight to the paid development method. for most of cna's products, even the incurred losses for accident or policy years that are early in the claim settlement process will not be of sufficient volume to produce a reliable estimate of ultimate losses. in these cases, cna may not assign much, if any, weight to the paid and incurred development methods. cna may use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods. for short-tail exposures, the paid and incurred development methods can often be relied on sooner primarily because cna's history includes a sufficient number of years to cover the entire period over which paid and incurred losses are expected to change. however, cna may also use the loss ratio, bornhuetter-ferguson and/or frequency times severity methods for short-tail exposures.
for other more complex reserve groups where the above methods may not produce reliable indications, cna uses additional methods tailored to the characteristics of the specific situation.
periodic reserve reviews the reserve analyses performed by cna's actuaries result in point estimates. each quarter, the results of the detailed reserve reviews are summarized and discussed with cna's senior management to determine the best estimate of reserves. cna's senior management considers many factors in making this decision. cna's recorded reserves reflect its best estimate as of a particular point in time based upon known facts and circumstances, consideration of the factors cited above and its judgment. the carried reserve differs from the actuarial point estimate as discussed further below.
currently, cna's recorded reserves are modestly higher than the actuarial point estimate. for property & casualty operations, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by uncertainty with respect to immature accident years, claim cost inflation, changes in claims handling, changes to the tort environment which may adversely affect claim costs and the effects from the economy. for cna's legacy a&ep liabilities, the difference between cna's reserves and the actuarial point estimate is primarily driven by the potential tail volatility of run-off exposures.
the key assumptions fundamental to the reserving process are often different for various reserve groups and accident or policy years. some of these assumptions are explicit assumptions that are required of a particular method, but most of the assumptions are implicit and cannot be precisely quantified. an example of an explicit assumption is the pattern employed in the paid development method. however, the assumed pattern is itself based on several implicit assumptions such as the impact of inflation on medical costs and the rate at which claim professionals close claims. as a result, the effect on reserve estimates of a particular change in assumptions typically cannot be specifically quantified, and changes in these assumptions cannot be tracked over time.
cna's recorded reserves are management's best estimate. in order to provide an indication of the variability associated with cna's net reserves, the following discussion provides a sensitivity analysis that shows the approximate estimated impact of variations in significant factors affecting cna's reserve estimates for particular types of business. these significant factors are the ones that cna believes could most likely materially affect the reserves. this discussion covers the major types of business for which cna believes a material deviation to its reserves is reasonably possible. there can be no assurance that actual experience will be consistent with the current assumptions or with the variation indicated by the discussion. in addition, there can be no assurance that other factors and assumptions will not have a material impact on cna's reserves.
the three areas for which cna believes a significant deviation to its net reserves is reasonably possible are (i) professional liability, management liability and surety products (ii) workers' compensation and (iii) general liability.
professional liability, management liability and surety products include u.s. professional liability coverages provided to various professional firms, including architects, real estate agents, small and mid-sized accounting firms, law firms and other professional firms. they also include d&o, e&o, employment practices, fiduciary, fidelity, cyber and surety coverages and medical liability. the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates for these liability coverages is claim severity. claim severity is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, legal fees, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. underwriting and claim handling decisions such as the classes of business written and individual claim settlement decisions can also affect claim severity. if the estimated claim severity increases by 9%, cna estimates that net reserves would increase by approximately $500 million. if the estimated claim severity decreases by 3%, cna estimates that net reserves would decrease by approximately $150 million. cna's net reserves for these products were approximately $5.7 billion as of december 31, 2023.
for workers' compensation, since many years will pass from the time the business is written until all claim payments have been made, the most significant factor affecting workers' compensation reserve estimates is claim cost inflation on claim payments. workers' compensation claim cost inflation is driven by the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, expected claimant lifetimes, judicial decisions, legislative changes and other factors. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation increases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $250 million. if estimated workers' compensation claim cost inflation decreases by 100 basis points for the entire period over which claim payments will be made, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $250 million. net reserves for workers' compensation were approximately $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2023.
for general liability, the most significant factor affecting reserve estimates is claim severity. claim severity is driven by changes in the cost of repairing or replacing property, the cost of medical care, the cost of wage replacement, judicial decisions, legislation and other factors. if the estimated claim severity for general liability increases by 6%, cna estimates that its net reserves would increase by approximately $250 million. if the estimated claim severity for general liability decreases by 3%, cna estimates that its net reserves would decrease by approximately $150 million. net reserves for general liability were approximately $4.2 billion as of december 31, 2023.
given the factors described above, it is not possible to quantify precisely the ultimate exposure represented by claims and related litigation. as a result, cna regularly reviews the adequacy of its reserves and reassesses its reserve estimates as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and settled and additional information becomes available in subsequent periods. in reviewing cna's reserve estimates, cna makes adjustments in the period that the need for such adjustments is determined. these reviews have resulted in cna's identification of information and trends that have caused cna to change its reserves in prior periods and could lead to cna's identification of a need for additional material increases or decreases in claim and claim adjustment expense reserves, which could materially affect our results of operations and equity and cna's business and insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings positively or negatively. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8 for additional information about reserve development.
the following table summarizes gross and net carried reserves for cna's property & casualty operations:
december 31                                                                      2023   2022
(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                        $5,759                   $5,502
gross ibnr reserves                                                        14,184                   13,174
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves           $19,943                  $18,676
net case reserves                                                          $4,978                   $4,805
net ibnr reserves                                                          12,235                   11,191
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves             $17,213                  $15,996
the following table summarizes the gross and net carried reserves for other insurance businesses in run-off, including cna re and a&ep:
december 31                                                                      2023                    2022
(in millions)
gross case reserves                                                        $1,353                   $1,428
gross ibnr reserves                                                         1,333                    1,321
total gross carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves            $2,686                   $2,749
net case reserves                                                            $129                     $137
net ibnr reserves                                                             239                      202
total net carried claim and claim adjustment expense reserves                $368                     $339
69
life & group policyholder reserves cna's life & group business includes its run-off long-term care business as well as structured settlement obligations not funded by annuities related to certain property and casualty claimants. long-term care policies may provide benefits for nursing homes, assisted living facilities and home health care subject to various daily and lifetime caps. generally, policyholders must continue to make periodic premium payments to keep the policy in force and cna has the ability to increase policy premiums, subject to state regulatory approval.
cna maintains future policy benefit reserves for its long-term care policies. future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies relate to policyholders that are currently receiving benefits, including claims that have been incurred but are not yet reported, as well as policyholders that are not yet receiving benefits. in developing the future policy benefit reserves, cna's actuaries perform a reserve review on an annual basis. during the annual review, historical policyholder morbidity, persistency (inclusive of mortality), anticipated future premium rate increases and expense experience is reviewed and compared to the current best estimate actuarial assumption set for potential revision. on a quarterly basis, actuaries perform experience studies that monitor the appropriateness of best estimate actuarial assumptions against emerging experience to assess whether any updates to those assumptions are warranted. the determination of these reserves requires management to make estimates and assumptions about expected policyholder experience over the remaining life of the policies. since policies may be in force for several decades, these assumptions are subject to significant estimation risk. in addition, claim and claim adjustment expense reserves are maintained for cna's structured settlement obligations. in developing the claim and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates for cna's structured settlement obligations, cna's actuaries monitor mortality and expense experience on an annual basis. cna's recorded claim and claim adjustment expense reserves reflect cna's best estimate after incorporating the results of the most recent reviews. claim and claim adjustment expense reserves for structured settlement obligations are discounted as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
the actuarial assumptions related to future policy benefit reserves for long-term care policies that management believes are subject to the most variability are morbidity, persistency and anticipated future premium rate increases. morbidity is the frequency and severity of injury, illness, sickness and diseases contracted. persistency is the percentage of policies remaining in force and can be affected by policy lapses, benefit reductions and death. future premium rate increases are generally subject to regulatory approval, and therefore the exact timing and size of the approved rate increases are unknown. as a result of this variability, cna's long-term care reserves may be subject to material increases if actual experience develops adversely to its expectations.
the table below summarizes the estimated pretax impact on cna's results of operations from various hypothetical revisions to its liability for future policyholder benefits reserve assumptions. cna has assumed that revisions to such assumptions would occur in each policy type, age and duration within each policy group. the impact of each sensitivity is discrete and does not reflect the impact one factor may have on another or the mitigating impact from management actions, which may include additional future premium rate increases. although such hypothetical revisions are not currently required or anticipated, cna believes they could occur based on past variances in experience and its expectations of the ranges of future experience that could reasonably occur. any actual adjustment would be dependent on the specific policies affected and, therefore, may differ from the estimates summarized below. the estimated impacts to results of operations in the table below are after consideration of any net premium ratio impacts.
for the year ended december 31, 2023                                    estimated reduction to pretax income
(in millions)
hypothetical revisions morbidity:
2.5% increase in morbidity                                                               $275
5% increase in morbidity                                                                  600
persistency:
5% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                                           $150
10% decrease in active life mortality and lapse                                           300
premium rate actions:
25% decrease in anticipated future premium rate increases                                 $25
50% decrease in anticipated future premium rate increases                                  50
70
as part of the annual reserve review, statutory long-term care reserve adequacy is evaluated by premium deficiency testing, by comparing carried statutory reserves with best estimate reserves, which incorporates best estimate discount rate and liability assumptions in its determination. statutory margin is the excess of carried reserves over best estimate reserves. as of september 30, 2023, statutory long-term care margin increased $1.3 billion, primarily driven by a more favorable interest rate environment resulting in a higher yielding investment portfolio.
the following tables summarize policyholder reserves for cna's long-term care operations:
december 31, 2023                                   claim and claim adjustment expenses                  future                    total policy benefits
(in millions)
long-term care                                                                                  $13,959                      $13,959
structured settlement annuities and other                            $582                                                        582
total                                                                 582                        13,959                       14,541
ceded reserves                                                         93                                                         93
total gross reserves                                                 $675                       $13,959                      $14,634
december 31, 2022
long-term care (a)(b)                                                                           $13,480                      $13,480
structured settlement annuities and other                            $594                                                        594
total                                                                 594                        13,480                       14,074
ceded reserves                                                        101                                                        101
total gross reserves                                                 $695                       $13,480                      $14,175
(a)         as of january 1, 2023, asu 2018-12 was adopted using the modified retrospective method applied as of the transition date of january 1, 2021. prior period amounts presented in the financial statements have been adjusted to reflect application of the new guidance. for additional information see notes 1 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
(b)         in conjunction with the adoption of asu 2018-12, at january 1, 2023 the long-term care reserves for policyholders currently receiving benefits were reclassified from claim and claim adjustment expenses to future policy benefits. this change was applied retrospectively as of january 1, 2021.
catastrophes and related reinsurance various events can cause catastrophe losses. these events can be natural or man-made, including hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fires, floods, riots, strikes, civil unrest, cyber attacks, pandemics and acts of terrorism that produce unusually large aggregate losses. in most, but not all cases, cna's catastrophe losses from these events in the u.s. are defined consistent with the definition of the property claims service ("pcs"). pcs defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affects a significant number of policyholders and insurers. for events outside of the u.s., cna defines a catastrophe as an industry recognized event that generates an accumulation of claims amounting to more than $1 million for the international line of business.
catastrophes are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance business and have contributed to material period-to-period fluctuations in cna's results of operations and/or equity. catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, of $236 million and $247 million were recorded for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. catastrophe losses for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were driven by severe weather related events, primarily winter storm elliott and hurricane ian for 2022.
cna uses various analyses and methods, including using one of the industry standard natural catastrophe models, to estimate hurricane and earthquake losses at various return periods and to inform underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. cna generally seeks to manage its exposure through the purchase of catastrophe reinsurance and utilize various reinsurance programs to mitigate catastrophe losses, including excess-of-loss occurrence and aggregate treaties covering property and workers' compensation, a property quota share treaty and the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019 ("tripra"), as well as individual risk agreements that reinsure from losses from specific classes or lines of business. cna conducts an ongoing review of its risk and catastrophe reinsurance coverages and from time to time makes changes as it deems appropriate.
the following discussion summarizes cna's most significant catastrophe reinsurance coverage at january 1, 2024.
group north american property treaty cna purchased corporate catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance covering its u.s. states and territories and canadian property exposures underwritten in its north american and european companies. exposures underwritten through hardy are excluded and covered under a separate treaty. the treaty has a term of june 1, 2023 to june 1, 2024 and provides coverage for the accumulation of covered losses from catastrophe occurrences above cna's per occurrence retention of $235 million up to $1.1 billion for all losses other than earthquakes. earthquakes are covered up to $1.2 billion. losses stemming from terrorism events are covered unless they are due to a nuclear, biological or chemical attack. all layers of the treaty provide for one full reinstatement.
group workers' compensation treaty cna also purchased corporate workers' compensation catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty reinsurance for the period january 1, 2024 to january 1, 2025 providing $275 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to natural catastrophes above cna's per occurrence retention of $25 million. the treaty provides $775 million of coverage for the accumulation of covered losses related to terrorism events above cna's per occurrence retention of $25 million. of the $775 million in terrorism coverage, $200 million is provided for nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation events. one full reinstatement is available for the first $275 million above the retention, regardless of the covered peril.
terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act of 2019
cna's principal reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks, including nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological attacks, is the coverage currently provided through tripra which runs through the end of 2027. tripra provides a u.s. government backstop for insurance-related losses resulting from any "act of terrorism," which is certified by the secretary of treasury in consultation with the secretary of homeland security for losses that exceed a threshold of $200 million industry-wide for the calendar year 2024. under the current provisions of the program, in 2024 the federal government will reimburse 80% of cna's covered losses in excess of its applicable deductible up to a total industry program cap of $100 billion. cna's deductible is based on eligible commercial property and casualty earned premiums for the preceding calendar year. based on 2023 earned premiums, cna's estimated deductible under the program is $1.1 billion for 2024. if an act of terrorism or acts of terrorism result in covered losses exceeding the $100 billion annual industry aggregate limit, congress would be responsible for determining how additional losses in excess of $100 billion will be paid.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. actual results could differ from those estimates.
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with gaap, applied on a consistent basis. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the known facts and circumstances.
we consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places the most significant demands on our judgment. due to the inherent uncertainties involved with these types of judgments, actual results could differ significantly from estimates and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, equity, business and cna's insurer financial strength and corporate debt ratings.
insurance reserves insurance reserves are established for both short and long-duration insurance contracts. short-duration contracts are primarily related to property and casualty insurance policies where the reserving process is based on actuarial estimates of the amount of loss, including amounts for known and unknown claims. long-duration contracts are primarily related to long-term care policies and the reserves are recorded as future policy benefits reserves as discussed below. the reserve for unearned premiums represents the portion of premiums written related to the unexpired terms of coverage. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserves section of this md&a.
long term care reserves future policy benefits reserves for long-term care policies are based on certain actuarial assumptions, including morbidity, persistency (inclusive of mortality), anticipated future premium rate increases and expenses. the adequacy of the reserves is contingent upon actual experience and future expectations related to these key assumptions. if actual or expected future experience differs from these assumptions, the reserves may not be adequate, requiring an increase to reserves. the reserves are discounted using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of each reporting date. in addition, regulatory approval may not be received for the level of premium rate increases requested. the reserving process is discussed in further detail in the insurance reserve section of this md&a.
reinsurance and other receivables exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of ceded property and casualty and life reinsurance to the extent that any reinsurer is unable to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities cna has ceded under reinsurance agreements. an allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance receivables is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due from reinsurers, reinsurer financial strength rating and solvency, industry experience and current and forecast economic conditions. further information on cna's reinsurance receivables is included in note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
additionally, exposure exists with respect to the collectibility of amounts due from customers on other receivables. an allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded on the basis of periodic evaluations of balances due, currently as well as in the future, historical business default data, management's experience and current and forecast economic conditions.
if actual experience differs from the estimates made by management in determining the allowances for doubtful accounts on reinsurance and other receivables, net receivables as reflected on our consolidated balance sheets may not be collected. further information on cna's process for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance and insurance receivables is in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
valuation of investments and impairment of securities fixed maturity and equity securities are carried at fair value on the balance sheet. fair value represents the price that would be received in a sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date, the determination of which may require us to make a significant number of assumptions and judgments. securities with the greatest level of subjectivity around valuation are those that rely on inputs that are significant to the estimated fair value and that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. these unobservable inputs are based on assumptions consistent with what we believe other market participants would use to price such securities. further information on fair value measurements is included in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
cna's fixed maturity securities are subject to market declines below amortized cost that may result in the recognition of impairment losses in earnings. factors considered in the determination of whether or not an impairment loss is recognized in earnings include a current intention or need to sell the security or an indication that a credit loss exists. significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a credit loss has occurred for a security. cna considers all available evidence when determining whether a security requires a credit allowance to be recorded, including the financial condition and expected near-term and long-term prospects of the issuer, whether the issuer is current with interest and principal payments, credit ratings on the security or changes in ratings over time, general market conditions, industry, sector or other specific factors and whether cna expects to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security.
cna's mortgage loan portfolio is subject to the expected credit loss model, which requires immediate recognition of estimated credit losses over the life of the asset and the presentation of the asset at the net amount expected to be collected.
significant judgment is required in the determination of estimated credit losses and any changes in cna's expectation of the net amount to be collected are recognized in earnings.
further information on cna's process for evaluating impairments and expected credit losses is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
accounting standards update for a discussion of accounting standards updates that have been adopted, please read note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8.
recent tax legislation corporate alternative minimum tax the inflation reduction act was enacted on august 16, 2022, and includes, among other provisions, a new 15% corporate alternative minimum tax ("camt"), effective january 1, 2023, imposed on the adjusted financial statement income ("afsi") of an applicable corporation whose average annual afsi over three prior years exceeds $1 billion. based on interpretations of the camt and current guidance, the company believes that the camt has no impact on its consolidated financial results for the year ended december 31, 2023. the company will continue to monitor as additional technical guidance from the u.s. department of treasury, including forthcoming proposed regulations, becomes available.
pillar two the organization for economic co-operation and development/g20 inclusive framework on base erosion and profit shifting has introduced rules to establish a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15%, commonly referred to as the pillar two rules. numerous foreign countries have enacted legislation to implement the pillar two rules, effective beginning in 2024, or are expected to enact similar legislation. the company is currently evaluating the potential impacts that pillar two may have on future periods and will continue to monitor the implementation of the pillar two rules in the jurisdictions in which it operates.
