item 1a.risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company. it is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, results of operations, reputation, and prospects.
risks related to our business and industry
•pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies.
there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, and commercialization of our products.
there is a high rate of failure inherent in drug discovery and development. to bring a product from the discovery phase to market takes considerable time and entails significant cost. failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment. as a result, most funds invested in research and development programs will not generate financial returns. new product candidates that appear promising in development or prior to being acquired may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage, failure to obtain placement on guidelines or recommendations published by third-party organizations that are commensurate with clinical data, the application of pricing controls, limited scope of approved uses, label changes, changes in the relevant treatment standards or the availability of newer, better, or more cost-effective competitive products, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, insufficient infrastructure to support detection, diagnostic or other requisites for treatment, ineffectiveness in reaching healthcare professionals, including digitally given the increase in virtual engagements, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. we may also fail to allocate research and development resources efficiently, fail to pursue or invest sufficiently in product candidates or indications that may have been successful, or fail to optimally balance trial design, conduct, and speed to accomplish desired outcomes.
regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. delay, uncertainty, unpredictability, and inconsistency in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches, lost market opportunities, impairment of inventories, and other negative impacts. in addition, it can be very difficult to predict revenue growth rates of, or variability in demand for, new products and indications, which in some cases leads to difficulty meeting product demand or, on the other hand, excess inventory and related financial charges.
we cannot state with certainty when or whether our products and indications now under development will be approved or launched; whether, if initially granted, such approval will be maintained; whether we will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire additional product candidates, indications or products; or whether our products and indications, once launched, will be commercially successful.
through internal innovation and business development we must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and indications or line extensions sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and investments and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products become subject to pricing controls, lose intellectual property exclusivity, or are displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to timely replenish our product portfolio and pipeline would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. our dependence on, or focus in, one or more key products or product classes may exacerbate this risk. in addition, the growth of our business and revenue base increases the risk that products developed or acquired by us may not provide adequate value to sustain further long-term growth.
we engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, distribution and promotion agreements, joint ventures, acquisitions, equity investments, and divestitures. there are substantial risks associated with identifying successful business development targets and consummating related transactions. increased focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the federal trade commission and competition authorities in europe and other jurisdictions, and heightened competition for attractive targets has and could continue to delay, jeopardize, or increase the costs of our business development activities. in addition, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire (including related technology, commercial operations, compliance programs, information security, manufacturing, distribution, and general business operations and procedures) may affect our ability to realize the expected benefits of business development transactions and may result in our incurrence of substantial asset impairment or restructuring charges. we also may fail to generate the expected revenue and pipeline enhancement from business development activities due to limited diligence opportunities, unsuccessful clinical trials, issues related to the quality, integrity, or broad applicability of data, regulatory impediments, and manufacturing or commercialization challenges. additionally, business development activity focused on new modalities may entail additional risks and costs. accordingly, business development transactions may not be completed in a timely manner (if at all), may not result in successful development outcomes or successful commercialization of any product, may give rise to legal proceedings or regulatory scrutiny, and may result in charges that negatively impact our financial position or results of operations in any given period.
see item 1, "business-research and development-phases of new drug development" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis-executive overview-late-stage pipeline," for more details about our current product pipeline.
•we and our products face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we compete with a large number of multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and generic pharmaceutical companies and, in many cases, our products compete against the leading products of one or more of our competitors. to compete successfully, we must continue to deliver to the market innovative, cost-effective products through internal innovation or business development that meet important medical needs, provide improved outcomes for patients, and deliver value to payers. our product revenues and prospects are adversely affected by the introduction by competitors of branded products that are first to market, have better marketplace access, have greater brand recognition or are perceived as superior by the marketplace, by generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, and by generic or biosimilar versions of other products in the same therapeutic class as our branded products. our revenues are also adversely affected by treatment innovations, including new or superior modalities, that eliminate or minimize the need for treatment with our drugs.
regulation of generic and biosimilar products varies around the world and such regulation is complex and subject to ongoing interpretation and implementation by regulatory agencies and courts. particularly for biosimilars, health authority guidelines and legislative actions could make it less burdensome for competitor products to enter the market and further incentivize uptake of biosimilars. given the importance to us of marketed biologic products and those in our clinical-stage pipeline, such regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business. see item 1, "business-competition" and "business-research and development," for more details. alternatively, actual or perceived failure of robust generic and biosimilar competition could propel governments to adopt additional policies and legislation that threaten our intellectual property, pricing of our products, or other aspects of our business.
in addition, we rely on our ability to attract, engage, and retain highly qualified and skilled scientific, technical, management, and other personnel in order to compete effectively. to continue to commercialize our products, and advance the research, development, and commercialization of additional modalities, indications, and product candidates, we have expanded, and will likely need to further expand, our workforce, including in the areas of manufacturing, clinical trials management, regulatory affairs, and sales and marketing, both in and outside the u.s. we continue to face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic and other research institutions, as well as employers near our manufacturing and other facilities, which has and may continue to increase our labor costs. our ability to attract and retain talent in our increasingly competitive environment is further complicated by evolving employment trends. our failure to compete effectively for talent could negatively affect sales of our current and any future approved products and indications, and could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.
•our business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, reputation or business.
public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures for pharmaceuticals by placing restrictions on pricing and reimbursement for, and patient access to, our medicines. these pressures have negatively affected, and could continue to negatively affect, our consolidated results of operations. governments and private payers worldwide have intensified their scrutiny of, and actions intended to address, pricing, reimbursement, and access to pharmaceutical products and are demanding greater commercial and clinical value from pharmaceutical companies in the form of strong product differentiation and demonstrated value. we have experienced increased scrutiny on the pricing of current and potential diabetes, obesity, and alzheimer's products due to payer concern over projected growth in these markets and, for certain of these drugs, the anticipated duration of treatment. we have also observed scrutiny of pricing and access disparities across jurisdictions.
additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including because of the regulatory priorities of the u.s. presidential administration and regulatory authorities worldwide, could adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. for example, in august 2023, hhs selected jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with boehringer ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices effective in 2026. given our product portfolio, we expect additional significant products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion prior to exclusivity expiry. the effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products would significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations. within the u.s., state level transparency initiatives, importation rules, reporting requirements, and mandated programs, including the establishment of drug affordability boards with the power to set upper payment limits on certain drugs in state-regulated plans, have also increased administrative costs, in some cases, compromised confidential business practices and otherwise detrimentally impacted our business. certain states have also undertaken efforts to codify 340b contract pharmacies into statute which would increase the cost of 340b programs. for more details, see item 1, "business-regulations and private payer actions affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access."
further, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private payers, including in relation to the implementation of the ira, reference pricing, and compulsory licensing, may adversely impact our business and financial results. we continue to experience additional pricing pressures, rebates, clawbacks, and other changes in reimbursement policies and programs resulting from the financial strain of the covid-19 pandemic, periods of uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, and the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts.
in addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex, and require ongoing assessment of the methods by which we calculate and report pricing. calculation methodologies are inherently subjective and are subject to review and challenge by government agencies. if agencies disagree with our calculations, or the methodologies and assumptions underlying them, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to financial and legal liability, which may be significant. in addition, changes to calculation methodologies could adversely affect our financial position or consolidated results of operations in any given period.
for more details, see item 1, "business-regulations and private payer actions affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access," item 7, "management's discussion and analysis-executive overview-other matters-trends affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 16: contingencies."
•pharmaceutical products can develop safety or efficacy concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, income, and reputation.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of fixed duration and defined populations. after approval and launch, the products are used for longer periods of time by much larger numbers of patients, which may lead to identifying new safety or efficacy concerns. we and others (including regulatory agencies and private payers) collect extensive information on the efficacy and safety of our marketed products by continuously monitoring the use of our products in the marketplace. in addition, we or others (including our competitors, in some cases) may conduct post-marketing clinical studies on efficacy and safety of our marketed products. new safety or efficacy data from both market surveillance and post-marketing clinical studies of our products or those of our competitors may result in product label changes, or other measures that could reduce the product's market acceptance and result in declining sales. relatedly, safety or efficacy concerns raised about a product in the same class or with the same mechanism of action as one of our products or product candidates could be imputed and have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our products or approval of product candidates. serious safety or efficacy issues that arise after product approval have, and could in the future, result in voluntary or mandatory product recalls or withdrawals from the market. safety issues have, and could in the future, result in costly product liability claims. any of these outcomes could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.
•we derive a significant percentage of our total revenue from relatively few products and sell our products through increasingly consolidated supply chain entities, which may subject us to, or exacerbate, various risks.
we derived direct product and/or alliance revenues of more than $2 billion for each of trulicity, mounjaro, verzenio, taltz and jardiance (including glyxambi, synjardy, and trijardy xr) that collectively accounted for 63 percent of our total revenues in 2023. in particular, trulicity and mounjaro accounted for 36 percent of our total revenues in 2023 and we expect products with glp-1 receptor agonist activity, including the recently launched zepbound, to represent a significant and growing portion of our business, revenues, and prospects. loss of patent protection, changes in prescription rates, material product liability or pricing litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, significant changes in demand, regulatory proceedings and investigations, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from existing or new competitive products, counterfeit and illegally compounded drugs, changes in labeling, pricing, and insufficient access, or supply shortages or disruptions for these products or any of our other major products could materially impact our results of operations.
in addition, in the u.s., most of our products are distributed through wholesalers and if one of these significant wholesalers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might decrease the amount of business the wholesaler does with us or we might be unable to timely collect the amounts that the wholesaler owes us, which could negatively impact our results of operations. see item 1, "business-marketing and distribution," for more details. challenges to u.s. retail pharmacies due to pharmacy benefit manager reimbursement pressures, among other things, have resulted in financial difficulties for some pharmacies that may impact patient experiences, lead to determinations by certain pharmacies to not carry one or more of our significant products or threaten the viability of these pharmacies, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations.
moreover, the negotiating power of health plans, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and other supply chain entities has increased due to consolidation, regulatory, and other market impacts, and they, along with governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of formulary inclusion, or favorable formulary placement. such stakeholders have also increasingly imposed utilization management tools to favor the use of generic products or otherwise limit access to our products. as these practices expand, including due to potential further consolidation of u.s. private third-party payers, we may face difficulty in obtaining or maintaining timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products. we expect that consolidation of supply chain entities will continue to increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers.
pharmacy benefit manager practices have come under increased scrutiny from u.s. policymakers at the federal and state level who have proposed legislation intended to address concerns regarding the impact that these intermediaries have on drug pricing and patients' out of pocket costs. if promulgated, such legislation could have resultant implications, costs, or consequences for our business and how we interact with these entities. for additional information on pricing and reimbursement for our pharmaceutical products, see item 1, "business-u.s. private sector dynamics" and "regulations and private payer actions affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access-u.s."
risks related to our intellectual property
•we depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings; the loss of effective intellectual property protection for certain of our products has resulted, and in the future is likely to continue to result, in rapid and severe declines in revenues for those products.
in the ordinary course of their lifecycles, our products lose significant patent protection and/or data protection in the u.s., as well as in key jurisdictions outside the u.s., after a specified period of time. some products also lose patent protection as a result of successful third-party challenges. we have faced, and remain exposed to, generic competition following the expiration or loss of such intellectual property protection.
for non-biologic products, loss of exclusivity (whether by expiration of legal rights or by termination thereof as a consequence of litigation) typically results in the entry of one or more generic competitors, leading to a rapid and severe decline in revenues, especially in the u.s. generic pharmaceutical companies have in some cases introduced a generic product before resolution of any related patent litigation. for biologics, loss of exclusivity may or may not result in the near-term entry of competitor versions (i.e., biosimilars) due to many factors, including development timelines, manufacturing challenges, and/or uncertainties regarding the regulatory approval pathways.
there is no assurance that the patents we are seeking will be granted or that the patents we hold will be found valid and enforceable if challenged. moreover, patents relating to particular products, uses, formulations, or processes do not preclude other manufacturers from employing alternative processes or marketing alternative products or formulations that compete with our patented products. patents held by third-parties have also contributed, and may in the future contribute, to a decision by us to not pursue all potential indications for a product candidate. in addition, competitors or other third parties may assert claims that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them, or allege a third-party right of ownership in our existing intellectual property. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis-executive overview-other matters-patent matters," and item 1, "business-patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights," for more details.
patents relating to pharmaceutical products are often obtained early in the development process. given the limited duration of patent and data protection, the speed with which we develop products, complete clinical testing, receive regulatory approval, supply commercial product to the market, and obtain public and private payer access are important factors in recouping our development costs and generating financial returns, particularly given regulatory and market dynamics that have and may continue to put pressure on pricing, exclusivity periods, and competition. delays in achieving these milestones in some cases limits our ability to capitalize on the innovative medicines that we develop or acquire.
•our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected.
our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines. without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support our significant investments in research and development, as well as the other expenditures required to bring new drugs and indications to the market. intellectual property protection varies throughout the world and is subject to change over time, depending on local laws and regulations. changes to such laws, regulations, and enforcement practices could reduce protections for our innovative products and indications. for example, a proposal by the european commission to revise the eu's general pharmaceutical legislation threatens the predictability and length of certain pharmaceutical intellectual property incentives, including by a two-year reduction of data package protection. changes proposed by the uspto and by certain bills in congress to limit the number of, and differences between, patents obtained could also affect the scope of patent protection for our products in the u.s.
in addition, in december 2023, the u.s. presidential administration released a proposed framework that would permit the federal government to consider the price of a drug developed using federal funds as a factor in determining whether it may exercise "march-in rights" and license it to a third party to manufacture. a comment period on the proposal runs through february 6, 2024, and we are not able to predict whether a final rule will be adopted in accordance with the proposed framework.
also in the u.s., in addition to the process for challenging patents set forth in the bpcia, which applies to biologic products, the hatch-waxman act provides generic companies substantial incentives to seek to invalidate our patents covering small molecule pharmaceutical products. as a result, we expect that our u.s. patents on major pharmaceutical products, including biologics, will continue to be routinely challenged in litigation and may not be upheld. in addition, a separate ipr process currently allows competitors to seek invalidation of patents at the uspto without the protections of the bpcia or hatch-waxman act. the use of ipr proceedings after the institution of litigation pursuant to the bpcia or hatch-waxman act is currently a topic of debate among legislators and the future ability of our competitors to use ipr proceedings as an alternative to hatch-waxman act or bpcia litigation procedures to challenge our patents remains uncertain. the uspto issued an interim procedure regarding the use of discretionary denials of ipr proceedings when there is parallel district court litigation. however, it is not clear how this interim procedure could affect the ability of our competitors to institute ipr proceedings after institution of litigation. if our patents are challenged through this expedited review process, even if we prevail in demonstrating the validity of our patent, our win provides limited precedential value at the ptab and no precedential value in federal district court, meaning the same patent can be challenged by other competitors.
we face many generic manufacturer challenges to our patents outside the u.s. as well. the entry of generic competitors typically results in rapid and severe declines in revenues. in addition, competitors or other third parties may claim that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them. if successful, such claims could result in our being unable to market a product in a particular territory or being required to pay significant damages for past infringement or royalties on future sales. in addition, intellectual property protection in certain jurisdictions outside the u.s. is weak and we face heightened risks to our intellectual property rights in these jurisdictions, including competition with generic or counterfeit versions of our products at or relatively shortly after launch. see item 1, "business-patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 16: contingencies," for more details.
we also face challenges from the distribution of counterfeit and illegally compounded versions of our genuine drugs, including as related to our products with glp-1 receptor agonist activity. counterfeits, and in some cases illegally compounded drugs, fraudulently claim to be, or claim to contain, genuine branded medicines. counterfeit and illegally compounded drugs may not have the same safety, quality, and effectiveness as approved drugs, and may pose serious health risks to patients. our reputation and business could suffer harm from counterfeit or illegally compounded drugs and our actions to stop or prevent illegal sales of such drugs may be costly or ineffective.
risks related to our operations
•failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our it systems or those of our third-party service providers, unauthorized access to our confidential information, or violations of data protection laws, could each result in material harm to our business and reputation.
important confidential information owned by us, our business partners, or other third parties is stored in our information systems, networks, and facilities or those of third parties. this includes valuable trade secrets and intellectual property, clinical trial information, corporate strategic plans, marketing plans, customer information, and personally identifiable information, such as employee and patient information (collectively, confidential information). we also rely, to a large extent, on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems, infrastructure, cloud technologies, and hardware (together, it systems), some of which are within our control and some of which are within the control of third parties, to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information and other data. we are subject to a variety of evolving and developing laws and regulations around the world related to privacy, data protection, and data security. maintaining the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our it systems and confidential information is vital to our business. our failure, or the failure of our third-party service providers, to protect and maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our (or their) it systems and confidential information and other data could significantly harm our reputation as well as result in significant costs, including those related to fines, penalties, litigation, and obligations to comply with applicable data breach laws.
it systems are inherently vulnerable to system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources, which may remain undetected for significant periods of time. from time to time, we update, transition, acquire, or expand use of our and third-party it systems, which may result in heightened vulnerability. some third-party it systems that are necessary for the operation of our business processes are maintained outside of our control but would impact business operations if compromised as a result of a cyber-attack. in february 2024, we completed the implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (erp) system, which replaced our operating and financial systems, and we recently began our post-implementation activities. we cannot assure that the erp system and our post-implementation activities will be free of significant operating failures, service interruptions, or creation of additional vulnerabilities. see item 9a, "controls and procedures" for more details. vulnerabilities, inadequacies, or failures are in many cases more acute for it systems associated with recently acquired businesses, and we may be unable to entirely address such vulnerabilities, inadequacies, or failures immediately after acquiring a business or ever. as a result, our newly acquired businesses are in some cases more vulnerable to failures, interruptions, breaches, intrusions, theft, exfiltration, or attacks.
cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. cyber-attacks come in many forms, including the deployment of harmful malware, exploitation of vulnerabilities (including those of third-party software or systems), denial-of-service attacks, the use of social engineering, and other means to compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of it systems, confidential information, and other data. breaches resulting in the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, exfiltration, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, interference with, or attack of, our it systems, products and services, can occur in a variety of ways, including negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or wrongful conduct by hackers, competitors, governments, nation-states, state-sponsored or affiliated groups, current or former company personnel, and other actors. our third-party partners, including third-party providers of data hosting or cloud services, as well as suppliers, distributors, alliances, and other third parties with whom we may share data, face similar risks, which could affect us directly or indirectly. unassociated third parties present further risks, including by propagating misinformation related to our products, business, and industry, including through social media. we and others in the healthcare industry have been and continue to be targets for cyber-attacks, and the number of threats has increased over time. numerous federal agencies that monitor and regulate internet and cyber-crime have issued guidance, alerts and directives warning of software vulnerabilities that require immediate patching, malicious actors targeting healthcare-related systems and nation-state sponsored hacking designed to steal valuable information.
the failure, inadequacy, or breach of our it systems or business processes, the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, exfiltration, destruction, or unauthorized access to, disclosure or use of, confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services that rely on it systems or business processes, could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure, or in the interruption or failure of products or services that rely on it systems or business processes; damage our operations, patient and other relationships, or reputation; undermine integration activities or otherwise delay or prevent the launch of acquired products; result in unfavorable clinical trial results by virtue of incorrect or unreliable data; expose us to ransom payment, other demands, or paralyze our operations; give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws; require disclosure to government authorities and/or regulators; expose us to civil and criminal investigations; and/or cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages, which effects could endure for a long period of time. unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could further expose us to significant sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the world, subject us to litigation, and damage public trust in our company. in addition, it system security in jurisdictions outside the u.s. is weaker and may result in additional costs, uncertainties, and risks.
we are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal information. the legislative and regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving and the subject of significant attention by regulators and private parties globally. regulators are imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines or penalties for privacy violations, and jurisdictions where we operate have passed, or continue to propose, data privacy legislation and/or regulations. for example, we are subject to existing laws in the eu, united kingdom, china, and u.s., all of which provide for substantial penalties for noncompliance. other jurisdictions where we operate have passed, or continue to propose, similar legislation and regulations. failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
to date, system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, cyber-attacks, and the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, exfiltration, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, interference with, or attack of, our it systems, products and services have not had a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. we maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, operational, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our it systems. we continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks and to enhance the resiliency of our it systems; however, these measures may not be successful, and we may fail to detect or remediate system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, cyber-attacks, or other compromises of our systems. any of these events could result in material financial, operational, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business. for a discussion of our management of cybersecurity risks, see item 1c, "cybersecurity-risk management and strategy" and "-governance."
•manufacturing, quality, or supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages could lead to product supply problems.
we are in the midst of a significant expansion of our manufacturing capabilities and substantial investment in long-term supply agreements to support current and anticipated demand for our products. pharmaceutical manufacturing is complex and highly regulated. manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties at our facilities or those of our contractors and suppliers, the failure or refusal of a supplier or contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities, or increases in demand on a supplier with constrained capacity could result in delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products and/or product shortages, leading to lost revenue or reduced marked opportunities. in select cases, supply constraints may also lead to pauses, discontinuations, or other product availability issues in one or more markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows, and reputation. further, cost inflation and global transportation and logistics challenges, as well as tight labor markets, have caused, and in the future may cause, delays in, and/or increase costs related to, distribution of our medicines, the construction or other acquisition of additional manufacturing capacity, procurement activity, and supplier or contract manufacturer arrangements. these disruptions and challenges could result from actual or perceived quality, oversight, or regulatory compliance problems; natural disasters (including increased instances or severity of natural disasters or other events that may be due to climate change), public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics; periods of uneven economic growth or downturns; emergence or escalation of, and responses to international tension and conflicts; equipment, mechanical, data, or it system vulnerabilities, such as system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware or other cyber-attacks from a variety of sources; labor shortages; challenges and complexities in manufacturing new drug modalities; contractual disputes with our suppliers and contract manufacturers; vertical integration by competitors within our supply chain; or inability to obtain single-source or other raw or intermediate materials. regional or single source dependencies may in some cases accentuate risks related to manufacturing and supply. for example, we, and the pharmaceutical industry generally, depend on china-based partners for integral chemical synthesis, reagents, starting materials, and ingredients. finding alternative suppliers if and as necessary due to geopolitical developments or otherwise may not be feasible or could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of our products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals which would cause disruptions to patients and detrimentally impact our business.
difficulties in predicting or variability in demand for our products and those of our competitors and the very long lead times necessary for the expansion and regulatory qualification of pharmaceutical manufacturing capacity have resulted, and in the future may result, in difficulty meeting demand, or disruptions, shortages, and higher costs in the supply of, our products. for example, we have experienced challenges in meeting demand for our incretin products in recent periods, partially due to the limited availability of competitor therapies, and expect tight supply to persist while additional manufacturing capacity is operationalized. despite our ongoing efforts to meet significant expected demand by obtaining additional internal and contracted manufacturing capacity, there can be no assurances that such capacity increases will be realized as expected. delays or challenges in operationalizing additional manufacturing capacity would limit our ability to capitalize on demand for our products. conversely, unexpected events that limit demand for our products would undermine our ability to realize the full benefit of significant capital expenditures that we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, to augment manufacturing capacity and may also subject us to contractual payment obligations, which may be significant. the foregoing risks and uncertainties could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and reputation. see item 1, "business-raw materials and product supply," and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis-financial condition and liquidity" for more details.
•reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business.
we rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances, and collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product and clinical development, manufacturing, commercialization, hosting of, and support for, it systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. as examples, we outsource the day-to-day management and oversight of some of our clinical trials to contract research organizations, certain active ingredient manufacturing, finishing operations, and device or component production and assembly to contract manufacturing organizations, and the distribution of our products through logistics providers. in some cases, product or indication approvals depend on the outcome of regulatory inspections of third parties on which we rely. for example, in september 2023, the fda issued a complete response letter for our lebrikizumab bla for the treatment of moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. in the letter, the fda cited findings that arose during a multi-sponsor inspection of a third-party, contract manufacturing organization that included the monoclonal antibody drug substance for lebrikizumab. we may encounter similar difficulties in the future, which could delay or prevent product launches and otherwise negatively affect our business, results, and reputation.
outsourcing involves many risks, including the risk that third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, including applicable requirements for diversity in clinical trials; may not produce reliable results; may not perform in a timely manner; may not maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of confidential and proprietary information relating to us, our clinical trial subjects, or patients; may experience disruption or fail to perform due to it system vulnerabilities, such as inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware or other cyber-attacks; may be unable to satisfy their commitments to us in which case we may not be able to achieve acceptable alternative sourcing; or may fail to perform at all. the foregoing risks may be heightened in jurisdictions outside the u.s., where we may have fewer alternative providers as well as face additional costs, uncertainties, and risks. failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, privacy, security, or other obligations to us, our clinical trial subjects, and our patients could have a material adverse effect on our business.
•our use of artificial intelligence (ai) or other emerging technologies could adversely impact our business and financial results.
we have begun to deploy ai and other emerging technologies in various facets of our operations and we continue to explore further use cases for ai. the rapid advancement of these technologies presents opportunities for us in research, manufacturing, commercialization, and other business endeavors but also entails risks, including that ai-generated content, analyses, or recommendations we utilize could be deficient, that our competitors may more quickly or effectively adopt ai capabilities, or that our use of ai or other emerging technologies exacerbates regulatory, cybersecurity and other significant risks.
effective development, management, and use of ai technologies is novel and complex, and there are technical challenges associated with achieving desired levels of accuracy, efficiency, and reliability. the algorithms and models utilized in ai systems may have limitations, including biases, errors, or inability to handle certain data types or scenarios or to render explainable outputs. furthermore, there are risks associated with the fact that the platforms providing ai models are in many cases owned and operated by emerging companies with less contractual and compliance sophistication. these factors may undermine our ability to effectively utilize ai or create competitive disadvantages should our competitors more skillfully make use of ai capabilities. further, if we are unable to effectively manage the use of ai technologies by our employees, our confidential information, intellectual property, or reputation could be put at risk.
the emergence of ai and other technologies, particularly generative ai, may exacerbate other risks, including those related to regulation, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality, and data privacy or security. for example, regulatory uncertainty related to ai or other emerging technologies may require significant resources to adjust business practices to comply with developing laws. several governmental authorities have already proposed or enacted laws and other guidance governing ai, such as the proposed eu artificial intelligence act. these and other developing obligations may prevent or make it harder for us to conduct or enhance our business using ai, or lead to regulatory fines, penalties, or other liability. further, use of ai technologies could lead to unintended consequences, such as cybersecurity risks or unintended biases, impact our ability to protect our confidential data and intellectual property, and expose us to intellectual property infringement claims by third parties.
risks related to doing business internationally
•uneven economic growth or downturns or international trade and other global disruptions, geopolitical tensions, or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results.
economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of our products, affecting our sales. declining tax revenues and increased government spending on other programs attributable to uneven economic growth or downturns increase the pressure on governments to reduce healthcare spending, leading to increased control of drug prices or lower utilization. additionally, some customers, including governments or other entities reliant upon government funding and cash-pay patients, may be unable to pay for our products fully or in a timely manner. also, if our customers, suppliers, or collaboration partners experience financial difficulties, we could experience slower customer collections, greater bad debt expense, and performance defaults by suppliers or collaboration partners. similarly, uneven economic growth or downturns could limit our ability to access capital markets.
in addition, significant portions of our business are conducted in europe, asia, and other international geographies. trade and other global disputes and interruptions, including related to tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, the imposition of trade sanctions or similar restrictions by the u.s. or other governments, international tension and conflicts, as well as cost inflation, strains on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets, and public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, affect our ability to do business. for example, tensions between the u.s. and china have led to a series of tariffs and sanctions being imposed by the u.s. on imports from china mainland, as well as other business restrictions. if geopolitical tensions were to increase and disrupt our operations in, or related to, china, such disruption would significantly impact our business. as a further example, the financial impact of higher energy prices, defense spending, and inflation due, in part, to geopolitical and economic disruptions, has further exacerbated financial pressures on governments with single-payer or government funded healthcare systems, leading to increased impetus for increases in rebates, clawbacks, and other reforms to reimbursement systems, particularly in europe. these and similar events have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, us, our business partners, and our customers. for more details, see item 1, "business-regulations and private payer actions affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access."
in addition to developments related to our business or financial results, or those of our competitors, uneven economic growth, downturns, or other negative global developments, could also undermine our growth or result in significant and sudden declines in the trading price of our common stock and market capitalization.
•changes in foreign currency rates, interest rate risks, and inflation affect our results of operations.
as a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, interest rate risk from our exposure to floating and variable interest rates, and inflation risk from existing and expected rates of inflation in the u.s. and other jurisdictions, each of which impacts our results of operations. in recent periods, significant fluctuations in currency rates and inflation have impacted our results of operations. we are a net receiver of foreign currencies, and our results of operations are adversely impacted when the u.s. dollar is strong compared to foreign currencies. further, in the event of an extreme devaluation of local currency in a particular market in which we operate, the price of our products could become unsustainable in the relevant market. inflationary pressures in recent periods have also negatively impacted us and may continue to negatively impact us in various ways, including cost inflation, higher labor costs, and other higher expenses, with some of these higher expenses due in part to policy actions intended to curb inflation. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis-financial condition and liquidity" and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 1: summary of significant accounting policies and implementation of new financial accounting standards," for more details.
risks related to government regulation and litigation
•we face litigation and investigations related to our products, how we price or commercialize our products, and other aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our business, and we are self-insured for such matters.
we are subject to a substantial number of claims involving various current and historical products, litigation, and investigations. these claims relate to how we commercialize and/or how we price our products, including relating to our 340b drug pricing program, product safety, as well as contractual matters and other disputes. see item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 16: contingencies" for more information on our current product liability litigation, as well as pricing and other litigation, investigations, and inquiries. like many companies in our industry, from time to time investigations into aspects of our business include inquiries, subpoenas, and other types of information demands from government and regulatory authorities. there continues to be a significant volume of government and regulatory investigations and litigation against companies operating in our industry, as well as increasingly robust regulatory enforcement. because of the nature of pharmaceutical products, we are, and could in the future become, subject to large numbers of product liability claims for our previous, current, or future products, or to further litigation or investigations, including related to product safety and pricing or other commercial practices. some of these matters involve numerous plaintiffs and parties seeking large or indeterminate financial claims and may remain unresolved for several years. such matters could negatively impact our reputation, affect our results of operations or require us to recognize substantial charges to resolve and, if involving marketed products, could adversely affect sales of the product and our consolidated results of operations in any given period. due to a very restrictive market for liability insurance, we are predominately self-insured for litigation liability losses for all of our currently marketed products, as well as for litigation or investigations related to our pricing practices or other similar matters.
•we are subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities and affect our results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous other jurisdictions, and in the course of our business, we make judgments about the expected tax treatment of various transactions and events. changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, disclosure obligations, and interpretations, as well as events that differ from our expectations, have affected and may adversely affect our effective tax rates, cash flows, and/or results of operations. in addition, tax authorities in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are intensifying their scrutiny and examinations of cross-border tax issues, which could unfavorably impact our results of operations. further, actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the organisation for economic co-operation and development and the european commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate, such as the recent enactments by both the eu and non-eu countries of a global minimum tax. modifications to key elements of the u.s. or international tax framework could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis-executive overview-other matters-tax matters" and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 14: income taxes," for more details.
•regulatory compliance problems could be damaging to the company.
the marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with purchasers, prescribers, and patients, are subject to extensive scrutiny and regulation. many companies, including us, are and have been subject to investigations, litigation, and claims related to these practices asserted by governmental authorities and other parties. these investigations, litigation, and claims have resulted in substantial expense and other significant consequences. the final outcomes of such investigations, litigation, and claims include criminal charges and fines, penalties, or other monetary or non-monetary remedies, including exclusion from u.s. federal and other healthcare programs. such investigations, litigation, and claims have intensified and may continue to intensify as a result of evolving u.s. and foreign regulatory priorities. new business practices or commercial capabilities may subject us to additional scrutiny over compliance with applicable regulatory schemes and compliance obligations or expose us to new regulatory schemes and compliance obligations entirely. in addition, regulatory issues concerning compliance with cgmp, quality assurance, evolving standards, and increased scrutiny around excipients and potential impurities such as nitrosamines, and similar regulations and standards (and comparable foreign regulations and standards) for our products in some cases lead to regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, delays or denials in new product approvals or line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, and reputational harm, any of which adversely affects our business. regulatory oversight of the pharmaceutical industry entails judgment and interpretation, which can result in inconsistent administration of laws and regulations by health authorities. regulatory compliance and processes in jurisdictions outside the u.s. may be particularly unpredictable and result in additional costs, uncertainties, and risks.u.s. and foreign governmental authorities are actively promulgating additional regulations that impact many aspects of our operations. these regulations are in some cases advanced with short notice. new regulations may undermine our ability to achieve business objectives, may be costly to implement, may provide only limited time for compliance, may change accounting and reporting standards, and may carry significant penalties for non-compliance. see item 1, "business-government regulation of our operations," for more details.
furthermore, there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, carbon taxes, emissions trading schemes, sustainability, human rights and equity matters, and disclosure regarding the foregoing, many of which may be ambiguous, inconsistent, dynamic or conflicting. we expect to experience increased restrictions and compliance costs, legal costs, and expenses related to such new or changing legal or regulatory requirements. moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements would require us to devote substantial time and attention to these matters. in addition, we may still be subject to penalties or potential litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted or applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices.
additionally, we are subject to increased negative attention from the media, stockholders, activists, and other stakeholders on climate change, social, and sustainability matters. the perception that we have failed to act in a socially responsible manner, whether or not valid, results in adverse publicity that can negatively affect our business, brand, and reputation, as well as result in increased scrutiny from legislators and regulatory authorities. moreover, from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments, including to reduce our impact on the environment. our ability to achieve any stated environmental, social or governance goal, target or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside our control. examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other goals. if we fail to achieve, are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report our progress toward achieving these goals and commitments, it could negatively affect our reputation, brand, or investor confidence, and expose us to enforcement actions and litigation.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition
(tables present dollars in millions, except per-share data)
general management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to our results of operations and financial position. this discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." certain statements in this item 7 constitute forward-looking statements. various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in "forward-looking statements" and item 1a, "risk factors," may cause our actual results, financial position, and cash generated from operations to differ from these forward-looking statements.
executive overview this section provides an overview of our financial results, late-stage pipeline developments, and other matters affecting our company and the pharmaceutical industry.
financial results the following table summarizes certain financial information:
year ended december 31,                percent change
2023                                                                              2022
revenue                               $34,124.1                         $28,541.4                                 20
net income                              5,240.4                           6,244.8                               (16)
earnings per share - diluted               5.80                              6.90                               (16)
revenue increased in 2023 driven by increased volume and higher realized prices. the increase in revenue in 2023 was primarily driven by sales of mounjaro®, verzenio®, and jardiance®, as well as the sales of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including zyprexa®, and for baqsimi®, partially offset by the absence of revenue from covid-19 antibodies and lower sales of alimta® following the entry of multiple generics in the first half of 2022.
net income and earnings per share decreased in 2023, driven primarily by higher acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d) charges and increased research and development expenses, marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, and income taxes, partially offset by increased revenue.
see "results of operations" for additional information.
late-stage pipeline our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative medicines. we currently have approximately 50 new medicine candidates in clinical development or under regulatory review, and a larger number of projects in the discovery phase.
the following select new molecular entities (nmes) and new indication line extension (nilex) products are currently in phase ii or phase iii clinical trials or have been submitted for regulatory review or have recently received regulatory approval in the united states (u.s.), european union (eu), or japan. the table reflects the status of these nmes and nilex products, including certain other developments, up to the time of the filing of this annual report on form 10-k:
compound                                              indication/study                    status                                                                                                         developments diabetes, obesity, and other cardiometabolic diseases empagliflozin (jardiance)(1)                          chronic kidney disease              approved                                                                                                       approved in the u.s. and the eu in 2023. submitted in japan in 2022.
tirzepatide (mounjaro, zepbound®)                     obesity                             approved                                                                                                       approved in the u.s. and the eu in 2023. phase iii trials are ongoing.
cardiovascular outcomes in type 2 diabetes            phase iii                           phase iii trial is ongoing.
heart failure with preserved ejection fraction        phase iii                           phase iii trial is ongoing.
morbidity and mortality in obesity                    phase iii                           phase iii trial is ongoing.
obstructive sleep apnea (osa)                         phase iii                           granted u.s. food and drug administration (fda) fast track designation(2). phase iii trial is ongoing.
higher doses                                          phase ii                            phase ii trial initiated in 2023.
nonalcoholic steatohepatitis                          phase ii                            announced in 2024 that a phase ii trial met its primary endpoint.
insulin efsitora alfa                                 type 1 and type 2 diabetes          phase iii                                                                                                      phase iii trials are ongoing.
orforglipron                                          obesity                             phase iii                                                                                                      phase iii trials initiated in 2023.
type 2 diabetes                                       phase iii                           phase iii trials initiated in 2023.
retatrutide                                           obesity, osteoarthritis, osa        phase iii                                                                                                      phase iii trials initiated in 2023.
type 2 diabetes                                       phase ii                            phase ii trial was completed.
bimagrumab                                            obesity                             phase ii                                                                                                       acquired in the acquisition of versanis bio, inc. (versanis) in 2023. phase ii trial is ongoing.
lepodisiran                                           cardiovascular disease              phase ii                                                                                                       phase ii trial is ongoing.
mazdutide                                             obesity                             phase ii                                                                                                       phase ii trial initiated in 2023.
muvalaplin                                            cardiovascular disease              phase ii                                                                                                       phase ii trial is ongoing.
solbinsiran                                           cardiovascular disease              phase ii                                                                                                       phase ii trial is ongoing.
volenrelaxin                                          heart failure                       phase ii                                                                                                       phase ii trial initiated in 2023.
compound                               indication/study                 status                                                                  developments immunology lebrikizumab(3)(ebglyss®)              atopic dermatitis                approved                                                                approved in the eu in 2023 and in japan in 2024. submitted in the u.s. in 2022. we received a complete response letter from the fda in 2023. we anticipate regulatory action by the end of 2024. phase iii trials are ongoing.
mirikizumab                            crohn's disease                  phase iii                                                               announced in 2023 that a phase iii trial met the co-primary and all major secondary endpoints compared to placebo. phase iii trials are ongoing.
dc-806                                 psoriasis                        phase ii                                                                acquired in the acquisition of dice therapeutics, inc. (dice) in 2023. phase ii trial is ongoing.
eltrekibart                            hidradenitis suppurativa         phase ii                                                                phase ii trial is ongoing.
kv1.3 antagonist                       psoriasis                        phase ii                                                                phase ii trial initiated in 2024.
ocadusertib                            rheumatoid arthritis             phase ii                                                                phase ii trial initiated in 2023.
(ripk1 inhibitor)
peresolimab                            rheumatoid arthritis             phase ii                                                                phase ii trial is ongoing.
ucenprubart                            atopic dermatitis                phase ii                                                                phase ii trial initiated in 2023.
neuroscience donanemab                              early alzheimer's disease        submitted                                                               submitted for approval in the u.s., the eu, and japan in 2023. granted fda breakthrough therapy designation(4). phase iii trials are ongoing.
preclinical alzheimer's disease        phase iii                        phase iii trial is ongoing.
remternetug                            early alzheimer's disease        phase iii                                                               phase iii trial is ongoing.
gba1 gene therapy                      gaucher disease type 1           phase ii                                                                phase ii trial initiated in 2023.
parkinson's disease                    phase ii                         granted fda fast track designation(2). phase ii trial is ongoing.
grn gene therapy                       frontotemporal dementia          phase ii                                                                granted fda fast track designation(2). phase ii trial is ongoing.
o-glcnacase inh                        alzheimer's disease              phase ii                                                                phase ii trial is ongoing.
otof gene therapy                      hearing loss                     phase ii                                                                phase ii trial initiated in 2024.
p2x7 inhibitor                         pain                             phase ii                                                                phase ii trials were completed.
sstr4 agonist                          pain                             phase ii                                                                phase ii trials are ongoing.
compound                                  indication/study                    status                                                                                                                                             developments oncology pirtobrutinib(jaypirca®)                  chronic lymphocytic leukemia        approved(5)                                                                                                                                        fda granted accelerated approval(5) in the u.s. in 2023. phase iii trials are ongoing.
mantle cell lymphoma                      approved(5)                         fda granted accelerated approval(5) in the u.s. in 2023. approved in the eu in 2023. submitted in japan in 2023. phase iii trial is ongoing.
imlunestrant                              adjuvant breast cancer              phase iii                                                                                                                                          phase iii trial is ongoing.
er+her2- metastatic breast cancer         phase iii                           phase iii trial is ongoing.
olomorasib                                kras g12c-mutant nsclc              phase ii                                                                                                                                           phase ii trial initiated in 2023.
abemaciclib                               prostate cancer                     discontinued                                                                                                                                       in 2024, phase iii trials did not meet primary endpoints or were terminated for futility.
(1) in collaboration with boehringer ingelheim.
(2) fast track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of medicines to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need.
(3) in collaboration with almirall, s.a. in europe.
(4) breakthrough therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of potential medicines that are intended to treat a serious condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the treatment may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint.
(5) continued approval may be contingent on verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory phase iii trials.
there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, business development activities to enhance or refine or product pipeline, and commercialization of our products. there is a high rate of failure inherent in drug discovery and development. to bring a product from the discovery phase to market takes considerable time and entails significant cost. failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment. as a result, most funds invested in research and development programs will not generate financial returns. new product candidates that appear promising in development or prior to being acquired may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage, failure to obtain placement on guidelines or recommendations published by third-party organizations that are commensurate with clinical data, the application of pricing controls, limited scope of approved uses, label changes, changes in the relevant treatment standards or the availability of newer, better, or more cost-effective competitive products, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, insufficient infrastructure to support detection, diagnostic or other requisites for treatment, ineffectiveness in reaching healthcare professionals, including digitally given the increase in virtual engagements, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. we may also fail to allocate research and development resources efficiently, fail to pursue or invest sufficiently in product candidates or indications that may have been successful, or fail to optimally balance trial design, conduct, and speed to accomplish desired outcomes. regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. delay, uncertainty, unpredictability, and inconsistency in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches, lost market opportunities, impairment of inventories, and other negative impacts. in addition, it can be very difficult to predict revenue growth rates of, or variability in demand for, new products and indications which in some cases leads to difficulty meeting product demand or, on the other hand, excess inventory and related financial charges.
we manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines and indications. a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the research and development process, we cannot reliably estimate the nature, timing, and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our research and development projects, nor can we reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from any successful research and development project. each project represents only a portion of the overall pipeline, and none is individually material to our consolidated research and development expense. while we do accumulate certain research and development costs on a project level for internal reporting purposes, we must make significant cost estimations and allocations, some of which rely on data that are neither reproducible nor validated through accepted control mechanisms. therefore, we do not have sufficiently reliable data to report on total research and development costs by project, by preclinical versus clinical spend, or by therapeutic category.
other matters patent matters we depend on patents or other forms of intellectual property protection for most of our revenue, cash flows, and earnings.
see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of legal proceedings currently pending regarding certain of our patents.
see item 1, "business-patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights" for additional discussion of the impacts of trends involving intellectual property on our business and results.
trends affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access reforms, including those that may stem from political initiatives, periods of uneven economic growth or downturns, or as a result of high inflation, the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts, or government budgeting priorities, are expected to continue to result in added pressure on pricing and reimbursement for our products.
global concern over access to and affordability of pharmaceutical products continues to drive regulatory and legislative debate and action, as well as worldwide cost containment efforts by governmental authorities. such measures include the use of mandated discounts, price reporting requirements, mandated reference prices, restrictive formularies, changes to available intellectual property protections, as well as other efforts. in august 2022, the u.s. government enacted the inflation reduction act of 2022 (ira). among other measures, the ira requires the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) to effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under medicare part b and part d. generally, these government prices apply nine years (for medicines approved under a new drug application) or thirteen years (for medicines approved under a biologics license application) following initial fda approval and will be set at a price that is likely to represent a significant discount from existing average prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. while the law specifies a ceiling price, it does not set a minimum or floor price. in august 2023, the hhs selected jardiance, which is part of our collaboration with boehringer ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices effective in 2026. given our product portfolio, we expect additional significant products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion prior to expiry of exclusivities. the effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products would significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations.
other ira provisions require drug manufacturers to provide rebates for medicare part b and part d medicines under certain circumstances. also, the part d benefit redesign will replace the part d coverage gap discount program with a new manufacturer discount program. manufacturers that fail to comply with the ira may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties, which could be significant.
the ira has and will meaningfully influence our business strategies and those of our competitors. in particular, the nine-year timeline to set prices for medicines approved under a new drug application reduces the attractiveness of investment in small molecule innovation. the ira can cause changes to development approach and timing and investments at-risk. the full impact of the ira on our business and the pharmaceutical industry, including the implications to us of a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain.
additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including those proposed or pursued by the u.s. congress, the u.s. executive branch, and regulatory authorities worldwide, could adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations.
consolidation and integration of private payors and pharmacy benefit managers in the u.s. has also significantly impacted the market for pharmaceuticals by increasing payor leverage in negotiating manufacturer price or rebate concessions and pharmacy reimbursement rates. furthermore, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private payers may adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. we expect that these actions may intensify and could particularly affect certain products, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, we are engaged in litigation and investigations related to our 340b program, access to insulin, pricing, product safety, and other matters that, if resolved adversely to us, could negatively impact our business and consolidated results of operations. it is not currently possible to predict the overall potential adverse impact to us or the general pharmaceutical industry of continued cost containment efforts worldwide.
in addition, regulatory issues concerning compliance with current good manufacturing practices, quality assurance, safety signals, evolving standards, and increased scrutiny around excipients and potential impurities such as nitrosamines, and similar regulations and standards (and comparable foreign regulations and standards) for our products in some cases lead to regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, inability to realize the benefit of capital expenditures, or delays or denials in new product approvals, line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, or other negative impacts, any of which result in reputational harm or adversely affect our business. moreover, increased focus on business combinations across industries and jurisdictions can lead to impediments to the completion of business combinations.
see item 1, "business-regulations and private payer actions affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access," item 1a, "risk factors," and note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
product supply we have faced challenges, and expect to continue to face challenges, meeting strong demand for our incretin products. in the u.s., given the strong uptake of mounjaro, the recent launch of zepbound, and continuing demand for trulicity®, we have experienced intermittent delays in fulfilling certain orders for incretin products. outside the u.s., we have implemented actions to manage demand amid tight supply, including measures to minimize impact to existing trulicity patients. we have also progressed efforts to bring tirzepatide to patients via different delivery presentations outside the u.s., such as single-use vials and multi-use pens. we expect to continue to experience disruptions in our supply of incretin products and for demand and supply considerations to influence the timing of tirzepatide launches in new markets, if approved.
we anticipate tight supplies of our incretin products will persist while additional manufacturing capacity is operationalized. we expect additional internal and contracted manufacturing capacity will become fully operational around the world in the next several years as part of our ongoing efforts to meet the significant demand for our incretin medicines. for example, in 2023 we began production at our research triangle park site in north carolina and expect to continue significant capacity expansion over time as we increase production at this site and others.
tax matters we are subject to income taxes and various other taxes in the u.s. and in many foreign jurisdictions; therefore, changes in both domestic and international tax laws or regulations have affected and may affect our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. the u.s. and countries around the world are actively proposing and enacting tax law changes. further, actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the organisation for economic co-operation and development (oecd) and the european commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate. tax authorities in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are expected to increase their scrutiny of cross-border tax issues. changes to existing u.s. and foreign tax laws and increased scrutiny by tax authorities in the u.s. and other jurisdictions could adversely impact our future consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
in response to the oecd/g20 inclusive framework on base erosion and profit shifting (framework), which set forth a two-pillar solution to reform the international tax framework, and the eu's adoption of directive 2022/2523 (known as "pillar two") (directive) within the eu to implement the framework, multiple countries, both within and outside of the eu, have enacted legislation that provides for a minimum level of taxation of multinational companies. the directive required eu member states to enact legislation effective for years beginning on or after december 31, 2023. for certain provisions within the framework, the oecd published guidance during 2023 that extends the effective dates for enactment. while we expect an increase in future years' tax expense as a result of the global minimum tax, we do not anticipate a material impact to our 2024 consolidated results of operations. our assessment of the impact for 2024 and subsequent years could be affected by legislative guidance, future enactment of additional provisions within the pillar two framework, and u.s. tax changes scheduled to occur in 2026 as part of the tax cuts and jobs act (2017 tax act).
a bipartisan tax bill, the tax relief for american families and workers act, was passed by the u.s. house of representatives in january 2024. the bill contains certain business tax provisions including the retroactive repeal for 2022 and 2023 and deferral of the requirement to capitalize u.s. research and development expenses for tax purposes that was a provision enacted in the 2017 tax act. uncertainty exists as to whether the bill will be enacted into law; however, if the bill is enacted as currently drafted, we would expect our effective tax rate for 2024 to be moderately higher, and a net discrete tax detriment in the quarter of enactment related to 2022 and 2023. in addition, we would expect a decrease in cash tax payments.
acquisitions we invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. these investments can take many forms, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. we view our business development activity as a way to enhance or refine our pipeline and strengthen our business.
for investments that were accounted for as asset acquisitions, we paid $3.94 billion in 2023 for acquired ipr&d primarily related to acquisitions of dice, versanis, emergence therapeutics ag (emergence), and mablink biosciences sas (mablink). for investments that were accounted for as business combinations, we paid $1.04 billion in 2023 primarily related to the acquisition of point biopharma global inc. (point).
see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our recent acquisitions.
for discussion of risks related to business development activities, see item 1a, "risk factors-pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies."
foreign currency exchange rates as a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the u.s. dollar against the euro, japanese yen, and chinese yuan. while we seek to manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a material impact, either positive or negative, on our consolidated results of operations in any given period. there is uncertainty in the future movements in foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in these rates could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
other factors other factors have had, and may continue to have, an impact on our consolidated results of operations. these factors include cost and wage inflation, availability of adequate capacity in global transportation, supply chain and labor market complexities, international tension and conflicts, uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain products and materials.
see item 1a, "risk factors" for additional information on risk factors that could impact our business and operations.
results of operations operating results-2023
revenue the following table summarizes our revenue activity by region:
year ended december 31,
2023                                    2022                                       percent change u.s.                   $21,791.0                         $18,190.0        20
outside u.s.            12,333.1                          10,351.3
revenue                $34,124.1                         $28,541.4
numbers may not add due to rounding.
the following are components of the change in revenue compared with the prior year:
2023 vs. 2022
u.s.         outside u.s.         consolidated volume                           11   %            25      %            16      %
price                             9   %           (4)      %             4      %
foreign exchange rates            -   %           (1)      %             -      %
percent change                   20   %            19      %            20      %
numbers may not add due to rounding.
in the u.s. the increase in volume in 2023 was primarily driven by mounjaro, verzenio, jardiance, trulicity, taltz®, and zepbound and $579.0 million from the sale of the rights for baqsimi, partially offset by the absence of revenue from covid-19 antibodies and decreased volume from alimta following the entry of multiple generics in the first half of 2022. in the u.s. the higher realized prices in 2023 were primarily driven by mounjaro, due to decreased utilization of savings card programs as access continued to expand, partially offset by trulicity, due to higher contracted rebates and unfavorable segment mix, as well as changes to estimates for rebates and discounts, and humalog®, primarily due to a one-time impact related to the implementation of list price decreases and unfavorable segment mix.
outside the u.s. the increase in volume in 2023 was primarily driven by $1.45 billion from the sale of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including zyprexa, as well as increased volume for verzenio and jardiance. outside the u.s. the lower realized prices in 2023 were primarily driven by a new supply arrangement associated with the sale of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio and lower realized prices from trulicity, verzenio, and humalog.
47
the following table summarizes our revenue, including net product revenue and collaboration and other revenue, by product in 2023 compared with 2022:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                  2022                percent change product                                  u.s.                     outside u.s.                         total                         total trulicity                        $5,433.3                      $1,699.2                         $7,132.6                      $7,439.7                               (4)
mounjaro                          4,834.2                         328.9                          5,163.1                         482.5                                nm verzenio                          2,509.0                       1,354.3                          3,863.4                       2,483.5                                56
taltz                             1,831.6                         928.0                          2,759.6                       2,482.0                                11
jardiance(1)                      1,600.4                       1,144.2                          2,744.7                       2,066.0                                33
zyprexa(2)                           79.4                       1,615.4                          1,694.8                         336.9                                nm humalog(3)                          863.2                         800.2                          1,663.3                       2,060.6                              (19)
cyramza®                            402.3                         572.4                            974.7                         971.4                                 -
olumiant® (4)                       225.5                         697.2                            922.6                         830.5                                11
humulin®                            610.1                         242.0                            852.1                       1,019.4                              (16)
basaglar® (5)                       443.1                         285.2                            728.3                         760.4                               (4)
emgality®                           482.2                         196.0                            678.3                         650.9
baqsimi                             645.7                          31.9                            677.6                         139.3                                nm erbitux®                            528.9                          67.6                            596.5                         566.5
forteo®                             335.5                         197.7                            533.2                         613.1                              (13)
cialis®                              26.1                         355.3                            381.5                         587.3                              (35)
alimta                               72.9                         144.6                            217.5                         927.7                              (77)
zepbound                            175.8                             -                            175.8                             -                                nm covid-19 antibodies(6)                  -                             -                                -                       2,023.5                                nm other products                      691.8                       1,673.0                          2,364.5                       2,100.2                                13
revenue                         $21,791.0                     $12,333.1                        $34,124.1                     $28,541.4                                20
numbers may not add due to rounding.
nm - not meaningful
(1) jardiance revenue includes glyxambi®, synjardy®, and trijardy® xr.
(2) zyprexa revenue includes sale of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio.
(3) humalog revenue includes insulin lispro.
(4) olumiant revenue includes sales for baricitinib that were made pursuant to emergency use authorization (eua) or similar regulatory authorizations.
(5) basaglar revenue includes rezvoglar®.
(6) covid-19 antibodies include sales for bamlanivimab administered alone, for bamlanivimab and etesevimab administered together, and for bebtelovimab and were made pursuant to euas or similar regulatory authorizations.
revenue of trulicity decreased 4 percent in the u.s., driven by lower realized prices due to higher contracted rebates and unfavorable segment mix, as well as changes to estimates for rebates and discounts, partially offset by increased demand. we have experienced and continue to expect intermittent delays fulfilling orders of trulicity. these delays have impacted and are expected to continue to impact volume. revenue outside the u.s. decreased 3 percent, primarily driven by lower realized prices, partially offset by increased volume. volumes in international markets continue to be affected by actions we have taken to manage demand amid tight supply, including measures to minimize impact to existing patients.
revenue of mounjaro in the u.s. in 2023 was $4.83 billion, compared to $366.6 million in 2022, reflecting higher realized prices due to decreased utilization of savings card programs as access continued to expand and increased demand. we have experienced and continue to expect intermittent delays fulfilling orders of certain mounjaro doses given significant demand, which has affected and is expected to continue to affect volume.
revenue of verzenio increased 52 percent in the u.s., driven by increased demand, and, to a lesser extent, higher realized prices. revenue outside the u.s. increased 63 percent, driven by increased demand, partially offset by lower realized prices and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
48
revenue of taltz increased 6 percent in the u.s., driven by increased demand, partially offset by lower realized prices. revenue outside the u.s. increased 23 percent, driven by increased volume, partially offset by lower realized prices.
revenue of jardiance increased 34 percent in the u.s., primarily driven by increased demand. revenue outside the u.s. increased 31 percent, primarily driven by increased volume. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our collaboration with boehringer ingelheim involving jardiance.
there was no worldwide revenue from covid-19 antibodies in 2023, and we do not anticipate any future revenue from covid-19 antibodies.
gross margin, costs, and expenses the following table summarizes our gross margin, costs, and expenses:
year ended december 31,                percent change
2023                                                                                                            2022
gross margin                                                        $27,041.9                         $21,911.6                                 23
gross margin as a percent of revenue                                     79.2    %                         76.8    %
research and development                                             $9,313.4                          $7,190.8                                 30
marketing, selling, and administrative                                7,403.1                           6,440.4                                 15
acquired ipr&amp;d                                                    3,799.8                             908.5                                 nm asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges               67.7                             244.6                               (72)
other-net, (income) expense                                            (96.7)                             320.9                                 nm income taxes                                                          1,314.2                             561.6                                 nm effective tax rate                                                       20.1    %                          8.3    %
nm - not meaningful gross margin as a percent of revenue in 2023 increased 2.4 percentage points compared with 2022, primarily driven by the absence of covid-19 antibodies sales in 2023, higher realized prices, and the sales of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio and baqsimi, partially offset by increased manufacturing expenses related to labor costs and investments in capacity expansion.
research and development expenses increased 30 percent in 2023, primarily driven by development expenses for late-stage assets and additional investments in early-stage research.
marketing, selling, and administrative expenses increased 15 percent in 2023, primarily driven by costs associated with launches of new products and indications, as well as compensation and benefits costs.
acquired ipr&d charges recognized in 2023 primarily related to acquisitions of dice, versanis, emergence, and mablink and from a business development transaction with beam therapeutics inc. acquired ipr&d charges recognized in 2022 included the buy-out of substantially all future obligations that were contingent upon the occurrence of certain events linked to the success of our mutant-selective pi3kα inhibitor and a purchase of a priority review voucher. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges recognized in 2022 primarily related to an intangible asset impairment for gba1 gene therapy due to changes in estimated launch timing. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other-net, (income) expense included net investment losses on equity securities of $20.2 million and $410.7 million for the years ended 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our effective tax rate was 20.1 percent in 2023, compared with an effective tax rate of 8.3 percent in 2022. the higher effective tax rate for 2023 was primarily driven by the tax impacts of non-deductible acquired ipr&d charges, the new puerto rico tax regime, and a lower net discrete tax benefit compared to 2022.
operating results-2022
for a discussion of our results of operations pertaining to 2022 and 2021 see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
financial condition and liquidity we believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements, which include:
•working capital requirements, including related to employee payroll and benefits, clinical trials, manufacturing materials, and taxes;
•capital expenditures;
•share repurchases and dividends;
•repayment of outstanding short-term and long-term borrowings;
•milestone and royalty payments;
•potential business development activities, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements; and
•contributions to our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans.
our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. as of december 31, 2023, our material cash requirements primarily related to purchases of goods and services to produce our products and conduct our operations, capital expenditures, dividends, repayment of outstanding borrowings, milestone and royalty payments, business development activities, and the remaining obligations for the one-time repatriation transition tax (also known as the 'toll tax') from the 2017 tax act, (see notes 11, 4, 3, and 14 to the consolidated financial statements). we anticipate our cash requirements related to ordinary course purchases of goods and services will be consistent with our past levels relative to revenues.
capital expenditures were $3.45 billion during 2023, compared to $1.85 billion in 2022. we are making investments in new facilities in indiana, north carolina, alzey, rhineland-palatinate, germany, and limerick, ireland to manufacture existing and future products. these investments, and other capital investments that support our operations, have increased our capital expenditures and will result in higher capital expenditures over the next several years.
cash and cash equivalents increased to $2.82 billion as of december 31, 2023, compared with $2.07 billion at december 31, 2022. net cash provided by operating activities decreased to $4.24 billion in 2023, compared with $7.59 billion in 2022. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by an increase in cash payments for income taxes. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. refer to the consolidated statements of cash flows for additional information on the significant sources and uses of cash for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
in addition to our cash and cash equivalents, we held total investments of $3.16 billion and $3.05 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2023, we received cash proceeds of $1.60 billion for the sale of product rights, primarily related to the sales of the rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including zyprexa, and baqsimi. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for investments that were accounted for as asset acquisitions, we paid $3.94 billion in 2023 for acquired ipr&d primarily related to acquisitions of dice, versanis, emergence, and mablink. for investments that were accounted for as business combinations, we paid $1.04 billion in 2023 primarily related to the acquisition of point. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as of december 31, 2023, total debt was $25.23 billion, an increase of $8.99 billion compared with $16.24 billion at december 31, 2022. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in february 2024, we issued $1.00 billion of 4.500 percent fixed-rate notes due in 2027, $1.00 billion of 4.500 percent fixed-rate notes due in 2029, $1.50 billion of 4.700 percent fixed-rate notes due in 2034, $1.50 billion of 5.000 percent fixed-rate notes due in 2054, and $1.50 billion of 5.100 percent fixed-rate notes due in 2064, all with interest to be paid semi-annually. we used, or will be using, the net cash proceeds from the offering of $6.45 billion for general business purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper, repayment of current maturities of long-term debt, and repayment of the $750.0 million of 5.000 percent fixed-rate notes due in 2026, which are callable at par beginning february 27, 2024.
as of december 31, 2023, we had a total of $7.42 billion of unused committed bank credit facilities, $7.00 billion of which is available to support our commercial paper program. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. we believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs.
dividends of $4.52 per share and $3.92 per share were paid in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the quarterly dividend was increased to $1.30 per share effective for the dividend to be paid in the first quarter of 2024, resulting in an indicated annual rate for 2024 of $5.20 per share.
in 2023, we repurchased $750.0 million of shares under our $5.00 billion share repurchase program that our board authorized in may 2021. as of december 31, 2023, we had $2.50 billion remaining under this program. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
see "-executive overview-other matters-patent matters" for information regarding losses of patent protection.
both domestically and abroad, we continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment and international tension and conflicts; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of healthcare legislation; and various international government funding levels.
in the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, currency values, and fair values of equity securities. these fluctuations impact the costs of financing, investing, and operating our business. we seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. the objective of this risk management program is to limit the impact on earnings of fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates. all derivative activities are for purposes other than trading.
our primary interest rate risk exposure results from changes in short-term u.s. dollar interest rates. in an effort to manage interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an acceptable balance between fixed and floating rate debt positions and in some cases we enter into interest rate derivatives to help maintain that balance. as of december 31, 2023, all of our total long-term debt is at a fixed rate. we have converted approximately 12 percent of our long-term fixed-rate notes to floating rates through the use of interest rate swaps. based on our overall interest rate exposure at december 31, 2023 and 2022, including derivatives and other interest rate risk-sensitive instruments, a hypothetical 10 percent change in interest rates applied to the fair value of the instruments as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or fair values of interest rate risk-sensitive instruments over a one-year period.
our foreign currency risk exposure results from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the u.s. dollar against the euro, japanese yen, and chinese yuan. we face foreign currency exchange exposures when we enter into transactions arising from subsidiary trade and loan payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our global operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of the period. we in some cases enter into foreign currency forward or option derivative contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates (primarily the euro, chinese yuan, and japanese yen). our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. gains and losses on these derivative contracts offset, in part, the impact of currency fluctuations on the existing assets and liabilities. we periodically analyze the fair values of the outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts to determine their sensitivity to changes in foreign exchange rates. a hypothetical 10 percent change in exchange rates (primarily against the u.s. dollar) applied to the fair values of our outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or financial position over a one-year period. this sensitivity analysis does not consider the impact that hypothetical changes in exchange rates would have on the underlying foreign currency denominated transactions.
our fair value risk exposure relates primarily to our public equity investments and to our equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, our carrying values of these investments were $1.32 billion and $1.16 billion, respectively. a hypothetical 20 percent change in fair value of the equity instruments would have impacted other-net, (income) expense by $263.9 million and $232.4 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material current effect or that are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. we acquire and collaborate on potential products still in development and enter into research and development arrangements with third parties that often require milestone and royalty payments to the third party contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. milestone payments may be required contingent upon the successful achievement of an important point in the development life cycle of the pharmaceutical product (e.g., approval for marketing by the appropriate regulatory agency or upon the achievement of certain sales levels). if required by the arrangement, we may make royalty payments based upon a percentage of the sales of the product in the event that regulatory approval for marketing is obtained.
individually, these arrangements are generally not material in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements were reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate expense or aggregate milestone payments made could be material to our results of operations or cash flows, respectively, in that period. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. these arrangements often give us the discretion to unilaterally terminate development of the product, which would allow us to avoid making the contingent payments; however, we are unlikely to cease development if the compound successfully achieves milestone objectives. we view these payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products.
as we expand our manufacturing capacity in order to meet existing and expected demand of our incretin products, we have entered, and expect to continue to enter, into various agreements for contract manufacturing and for supply of materials. the executed agreements could, under certain circumstances, require us to pay up to approximately $10 billion if we do not purchase specified amounts of goods or services over the durations of the agreements, which generally range from 2 to 8 years.
application of critical accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., we must often make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and consequently actual results could differ from those estimates. for any given individual estimate or assumption we make, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. we believe that, given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any such other reasonable judgment would cause a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity for the periods presented in this annual report on form 10-k. our most critical accounting estimates have been discussed with our audit committee and are described below.
revenue recognition and sales return, rebate, and discount accruals background and uncertainties we recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers (net product revenue) and collaborations and other arrangements. for product sales to customers, provisions for returns, rebates and discounts are established in the same period the related product sales are recognized. to determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct customer, we estimate any rebates or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. significant judgments are required in making these estimates. the largest of our sales rebate and discount amounts include rebates associated with sales covered by managed care, medicare, medicaid, and chargeback programs, as well as reductions in revenue related to our patient assistance programs, in the u.s. in determining the appropriate accrual amount, we consider our historical rebate payments for these programs, as well as patient assistance program costs, by product as a percentage of our historical sales as well as any significant changes in sales trends (e.g., patent expiries and product launches), an evaluation of the current contracts for these programs, the percentage of our products that are sold via these programs, and our product pricing. although we accrue a liability for revenue reductions related to these programs at the time we record the sale, the reduction related to that sale is typically paid up to six months later. because of this time lag, in any particular period our net product revenue may incorporate revisions of accruals for several periods.
refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on revenue recognition and sales return, rebate, and discount accruals.
revenue recognized from collaborations and other arrangements includes our share of profits from the collaborations, as well as royalties, upfront and milestone payments we receive under these types of contracts.
financial statement impact we believe that our accruals for sales returns, rebates, and discounts are reasonable and appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. our rebate and discount liabilities are included in sales rebates and discounts on our consolidated balance sheet. our sales return liability is included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. as of december 31, 2023, a 5 percent change in our consolidated sales return, rebate, and discount liability would result in a change in revenue of approximately $615 million.
the portion of our consolidated sales return, rebate, and discount liability resulting from sales of our products in the u.s. was approximately 90 percent as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
the following represents a roll-forward of our most significant u.s. sales return, rebate, and discount liability balances, including managed care, medicare, medicaid, chargeback, and patient assistance programs:
2023                                                                                       2022
sales return, rebate, and discount liabilities, beginning of year            $8,214.1                    $6,161.6
reduction of net sales(1)                                                    37,866.8                    28,398.4
cash payments                                                              (35,413.4)                  (26,345.9)
sales return, rebate, and discount liabilities, end of year                 $10,667.5                    $8,214.1
(1) adjustments of the estimates for these returns, rebates, and discounts to actual results were less than 1 percent of consolidated revenue for each of the years presented.
the increase in reduction of net sales in 2023 was primarily driven by our incretin products due to the increase in volume of rebates for managed care, medicare, chargebacks, and medicaid programs.
litigation liabilities and other contingencies background and uncertainties litigation liabilities and other contingencies are, by their nature, uncertain and based upon complex judgments and probabilities. the factors we consider in developing our litigation liability reserves and other contingent liability amounts include the merits and jurisdiction of the litigation, the nature and the number of other similar current and past matters, the nature of the product and the current assessment of the science subject to the litigation, as applicable, and the likelihood of settlement and current state of settlement discussions, if any. in addition, we accrue for certain product liability claims incurred but not filed to the extent we can formulate a reasonable estimate of their costs based primarily on historical claims experience and data regarding product usage.
we also consider the insurance coverage we have to diminish the exposure for periods covered by insurance. in assessing our insurance coverage, we consider the policy coverage limits and exclusions, the potential for denial of coverage by the insurance company, the financial condition of the insurers, and the possibility of and length of time for collection. due to a very restrictive market for liability insurance, we are predominantly self-insured for liability losses for all our currently and previously marketed products, as well as for litigation or investigations related to our pricing practices or other similar matters. in addition to insurance coverage, we consider any third-party indemnification to which we are entitled or under which we are obligated. with respect to our third-party indemnification rights, these considerations include the nature of the indemnification, the financial condition of the indemnifying party, and the possibility of and length of time for collection.
the litigation accruals and environmental liabilities and the related estimated insurance recoverables are reflected on a gross basis as liabilities and assets, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
acquisitions background and uncertainties to determine whether acquisitions or licensing transactions should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset acquisition, we make certain judgments, which include assessing whether the acquired set of activities and assets would meet the definition of a business under the relevant accounting rules.
if the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business, assets acquired and liabilities assumed are required to be recorded at their respective fair values on our consolidated balance sheet as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets, where applicable, is recorded as goodwill. if the acquired set of activities and assets does not meet the definition of a business, the transaction is recorded as an acquisition of assets and, therefore, any acquired ipr&d that does not have an alternative future use is charged to acquired ipr&d on our consolidated statement of operations at the acquisition date, and goodwill is not recorded. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the judgments made in determining estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, as well as estimated asset lives, can materially affect our consolidated results of operations. the fair values of intangible assets, including acquired ipr&d, are determined using information available near the acquisition date based on estimates and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by management. significant estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, probability of technical success, revenue projections, and discount rate. depending on the facts and circumstances, we may deem it necessary to engage an independent valuation expert to assist in valuing significant assets and liabilities.
the fair values of identifiable intangible assets are primarily determined using an "income method," as described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
the fair value of any contingent consideration liability that results from a business combination is primarily determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, as described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. estimating the fair value of contingent consideration requires the use of significant estimates and judgments, including, but not limited to, probability of technical success, timing of the potential milestone event, and the discount rate.
financial statement impact as of december 31, 2023, a 5 percent change in the contingent consideration liabilities would result in a change in income before income taxes of $5.2 million.
impairment of indefinite-lived and long-lived assets background and uncertainties we review the carrying value of long-lived assets (both intangible and tangible) for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. we identify impairment by comparing the projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset (or asset group) to its carrying value. if an impairment is identified, a loss is recorded equal to the excess of the asset's net book value over its fair value, and the cost basis is adjusted.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying value is performed to determine the amount of any impairment.
several methods may be used to determine the estimated fair value of acquired ipr&d, all of which require multiple assumptions. we utilize the "income method," as described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
for acquired ipr&d assets, the risk of failure has been factored into the fair value measure and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield a successful product, as discussed previously in "-executive overview-late-stage pipeline." the nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. as such, it is likely that some acquired ipr&d assets will become impaired in the future.
estimates of future cash flows, based on what we believe to be reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections, require management's judgment. actual results could vary materially from these estimates.
retirement benefits assumptions background and uncertainties defined benefit pension plan and retiree health benefit plan costs include assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, and retirement age. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our retirement benefits.
annually, we evaluate the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets in our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans. we use an actuarially determined, plan-specific yield curve of high quality, fixed income debt instruments to determine the discount rates. in evaluating the expected return on plan assets, we consider many factors, with a primary analysis of current and projected market conditions, asset returns and asset allocations (approximately 70 percent of which are growth investments), and the views of leading financial advisers and economists. we may also review our historical assumptions compared with actual results, as well as the discount rates and expected return on plan assets of other companies, where applicable. in evaluating our expected retirement age assumption, we consider the retirement ages of our past employees eligible for pension and medical benefits together with our expectations of future retirement ages.
annually, we determine the fair value of the plan assets in our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans. approximately 48 percent of our plan assets are in hedge funds and private equity-like investment funds (collectively, alternative investments). we value these alternative investments primarily using net asset values (navs) reported by the counterparty and adjusted for known cash flows and significant events.
financial statement impact if the 2023 discount rate for the u.s. defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans (u.s. plans) were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $13.4 million. if the 2023 expected return on plan assets for u.s. plans were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $31.3 million. if our assumption regarding the 2023 expected age of future retirees for u.s. plans were adjusted by one year, our income before income taxes would be affected by $35.1 million. the u.s. plans, including puerto rico, represent approximately 80 percent for total projected benefit obligation and 85 percent for total plan assets at december 31, 2023.
adjustments to the fair value of plan assets are not recognized in pension and retiree health benefit expense in the year that the adjustments occur. such changes are deferred, along with other actuarial gains and losses, and are amortized into expense over the expected remaining service life of employees.
income taxes background and uncertainties we file tax returns based upon our interpretation of tax laws and regulations, and we record estimates in our financial statements based upon these interpretations at the applicable tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate. our tax returns are routinely subject to examination by taxing authorities, which could result in future tax, interest, and penalty assessments. inherent uncertainties also exist in estimates of many tax positions due to the complexity of tax laws. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. the amount of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted for changes in facts and circumstances such as changes to existing tax law, the issuance of regulations by taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of a tax examination. we believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are both appropriate and sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. we recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
we have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, primarily those that have been generated from net operating losses, tax credits, and other tax carryforwards and carrybacks in certain taxing jurisdictions. in evaluating whether we would more likely than not recover these deferred tax assets, we have not assumed future taxable income in the jurisdictions associated with these carryforwards where history does not support such an assumption. implementation of tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or to generate future taxable income in these jurisdictions could lead to the reversal of all or a portion of these valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense.
financial statement impact as of december 31, 2023, a 5 percent change in the amount of uncertain tax positions and the valuation allowance would result in a change in net income of $88.7 million and $45.7 million, respectively.
legal and regulatory matters information relating to certain legal proceedings can be found in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements and is incorporated here by reference.
