item 1a.     risk factors.
you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
risks related to our business and industry the cyclicality and volatility of the industries in which we participate may cause significant fluctuations in our operating results.
our business operations are subject to the cyclical and volatile nature of the supply-demand balance in the chemical and refining industries. our future operating results are expected to continue to be affected by this cyclicality and volatility. the chemical and refining industries historically have experienced alternating periods of capacity shortages, causing prices and profit margins to increase, followed by periods of excess capacity, resulting in oversupply, declining capacity utilization rates and declining prices and profit margins.
in addition to changes in the supply and demand for products, changes in energy prices and other worldwide economic conditions can cause volatility. these factors result in significant fluctuations in profits and cash flow from period to period and over business cycles.
table of contents new capacity additions around the world may lead to periods of oversupply and lower profitability. the timing and extent of any changes to currently prevailing market conditions are uncertain and supply and demand may be unbalanced at any time. as a consequence, we are unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of future industry cycles or their effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a sustained decrease in the price of crude oil may adversely impact the results of our operations, primarily in north america.
energy costs generally follow price trends of crude oil and natural gas. these price trends may be highly volatile and cyclical. in the past, raw material and energy costs have experienced significant fluctuations that adversely affected our business segments' results of operations. for example, we have benefited from the favorable ratio of u.s. crude oil prices to natural gas prices in the past. if the price of crude oil remains lower relative to u.s. natural gas prices or if the demand for natural gas and ngls increases, this may have a negative impact on our results of operations.
costs and limitations on supply of raw materials and energy may result in increased operating expenses.
the costs of raw materials and energy represent a substantial portion of our operating expenses. due to the significant competition we face and the commodity nature of many of our products we are not always able to pass on raw material and energy cost increases to our customers. when we do have the ability to pass on the cost increases, we are not always able to do so quickly enough to avoid adverse impacts on our results of operations. for example, during 2022, increases in costs for energy and raw materials, and the related decline in demand for our products, resulted in the reduction of operating rates or delayed restart of operations at several of our sites in europe.
cost increases for raw materials, energy, or broad-based price inflation also increase working capital needs, which could reduce our liquidity and cash flow. even if we are able to increase our sales prices to reflect these increases, demand for products may decrease as consumers and customers reduce their consumption or use substitute products, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, producers in natural gas cost-advantaged regions, such as the middle east and north america, benefit from the lower prices of natural gas and ngls. competition from producers in these regions may cause us to reduce exports from europe and elsewhere. any such reductions may increase competition for product sales within europe and other markets, which can result in lower margins in those regions.
for some of our raw materials and utilities there are a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. it is also common in the chemical and refining industries for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity and gas. having a sole or limited number of suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements.
additionally, there is concern over the reliability of water sources, including around the u.s. gulf coast where several of our facilities are located. the decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations, including by impacting our ability to produce or transport our products.
if our raw material or utility supplies were disrupted, our businesses would likely incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or incur excessive downtime, which would have a negative impact on plant operations. disruptions of supplies may occur as a result of transportation issues resulting from natural disasters, water levels, and interruptions in marine water routes, among other causes, that can affect the operations of vessels, barges, rails, trucks and pipeline traffic. these risks are particularly prevalent in the u.s. gulf coast area. additionally, increasing exports of ngls and crude oil from the u.s. or greater restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could restrict the availability of our raw materials, thereby increasing our costs.
with increased volatility in raw material costs, our suppliers could impose more onerous terms on us, resulting in shorter payment cycles and increasing our working capital requirements.
table of contents our ability to source raw materials or deliver products may be adversely affected by political instability, civil disturbances or other governmental actions.
we obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from sources in the middle east and central and south america that may be less politically stable than other areas in which we conduct business. political instability, civil disturbances and actions by governments in these areas are more likely to substantially increase the price and decrease the supply of raw materials necessary for our operations or impair our ability to deliver products to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
incidents of civil unrest, including terrorist attacks and demonstrations that have been marked by violence, have occurred in a number of countries, including in the middle east and south america. some political regimes in these countries are threatened or have changed as a result of such unrest. political instability and civil unrest could continue to spread in the region and involve other areas. such unrest, if it continues to spread or grow in intensity, could lead to civil wars, regional conflicts or regime changes resulting in governments that are hostile to countries in which we conduct substantial business, such as in the u.s., europe or their respective trading partners.
our business is capital intensive and we rely on cash generated from operations and external financing to fund our growth and ongoing capital needs. limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect our operating results.
we require significant capital to operate our current business and fund our growth strategy. moreover, interest payments, dividends, capital requirements of our joint ventures, the expansion of our current business or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. if we need external financing, our access to credit markets and pricing of our capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies and the state of the capital markets generally. there can be no assurances that we would be able to incur indebtedness on terms we deem acceptable, and it is possible that the cost of any financings could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or raise adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, we could be forced to restrict our operations and growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results.
we may use our $3,250 million revolving credit facility, which backs our commercial paper program, to meet our cash needs, to the extent available. as of december 31, 2023, we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under the facility and no borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of $3,250 million. we may also meet our cash needs by selling receivables under our $900 million u.s. receivables facility. as of december 31, 2023, we had no borrowing or letters of credit outstanding and availability of $900 million under this facility. in the event of a default under our credit facilities or any of our senior notes, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. any default under any of our credit arrangements could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate.
table of contents risks related to our operations our operations are subject to risks inherent in chemical and refining businesses, and we could be subject to liabilities for which we are not fully insured or that are not otherwise mitigated.
we maintain property, business interruption, product, general liability, casualty and other types of insurance that we believe are appropriate for our business and operations as well as in line with industry practices. however, we are not fully insured against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from natural disasters or climate-related exposures, wars or terrorist acts. changes in insurance market conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies to increase substantially and, in some instances, for certain insurance to become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, we might not be able to finance the amount of the uninsured liability on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and might be obligated to divert a significant portion of our cash flow from normal business operations.
our business, including our results of operations and reputation, could be adversely affected by safety or product liability issues.
failure to appropriately manage occupational safety, process safety, product safety, human health, product liability and environmental risks inherent in the chemical and refining businesses and associated with our products, product life cycles and production processes could result in unexpected incidents including releases, fires, or explosions resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenue, legal liability, and/or operational disruption. public perception of the risks associated with our products and production processes could impact product acceptance and influence the regulatory environment in which we operate. while we have management systems, procedures and controls to manage these risks, issues could be created by events outside of our control, including natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of sabotage.
further, because a part of our business involves licensing polyolefin process technology, our licensees are exposed to similar risks involved in the manufacture and marketing of polyolefins. hazardous incidents involving our licensees, if they do result or are perceived to result from use of our technologies, may harm our reputation, threaten our relationships with other licensees and/or lead to customer attrition and financial losses. our policy of covering these risks through contractual limitations of liability and indemnities and through insurance may not always be effective. as a result, our financial condition and results of operation would be adversely affected, and other companies with competing technologies may have the opportunity to secure a competitive advantage.
interruptions of operations at our facilities may result in increased liabilities or lower operating results.
we own and operate large-scale facilities. our operating results are dependent on the continued operation of our various production facilities and the ability to complete construction and maintenance projects on schedule. interruptions at our facilities may materially reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, or our business as a whole, during and after the period of such operational difficulties. in recent years, we have had to shut down plants on the u.s. gulf coast, including the temporary shutdown of a portion of our houston refinery, as a result of various hurricanes and cold weather events striking texas and louisiana. in addition, because the houston refinery is our only refining operation, an outage at the refinery could have a particularly negative impact on our operating results as we do not have the ability to increase refining production elsewhere.
our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing and refining and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. these potential hazards include:
•pipeline leaks and ruptures;
•explosions;
•fires;

•severe weather and natural disasters;
•mechanical failure;
•unscheduled downtimes;
•supplier disruptions;
•labor shortages or other labor difficulties;
•transportation interruptions;
•remediation complications;
•increased restrictions on, or the unavailability of, water for use at our manufacturing sites or for the transport of our products or raw materials;
•chemical and oil spills;
•discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases;
•shipment of incorrect or off-specification product to customers;
•storage tank leaks;
•other environmental risks; and
•cyber-attack or other terrorist acts.
some of these hazards may cause severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, legal liability resulting from government action or litigation, loss of revenue, suspension of operations or the shutdown of affected facilities.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. if we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results, or impair our ability to meet our sustainability or other targets or goals. for example, higher costs arising from delaying construction of our world-scale po/tba plant in houston including more extensive civil construction and unexpected tariffs on materials, increased our costs and impacted our projected rate of return on the project. delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to contract with our customers and supply certain products we produce. such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits;
•unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor;
•disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials;
•adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers;
•shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; and
•nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors.
table of contents any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. if we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
shared control or lack of control of joint ventures or equity investments may delay decisions or actions regarding our joint ventures, or adversely affect our financial results.
a portion of our operations are conducted through joint ventures or equity investments, where control may be exercised by or shared with unaffiliated third parties. we cannot control the actions or ownership of these partners, including any nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of the joint venture or its partners. the joint ventures that we do not control may also lack financial reporting systems to provide adequate and timely information for our reporting purposes.
our joint venture partners may have different interests or goals than we do and may take actions contrary to our requests, policies or objectives. differences in views among the joint venture participants also may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major matters, potentially adversely affecting the business and operations of the joint ventures and in turn our business and operations. we may develop a dispute with any of our partners over decisions affecting the venture that may result in litigation, arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. if a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interest, or is unsuccessful in conducting its business, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may be required to record material charges against our earnings due to any number of events including impairments of our assets.
we may be required to reduce production or idle facilities for extended periods of time or exit certain businesses as a result of the cyclical nature of our industry. specifically, oversupplies of or lack of demand for particular products or high raw material prices may cause us to reduce production. we may choose to reduce production at certain facilities because we have off-take arrangements at other facilities, which make any reductions or idling unavailable at those facilities. for example, during the fourth quarter of 2023, we identified an impairment trigger related to the adverse financial performance of our european po joint venture which resulted in a non-cash impairment charge of $192 million.
any decision to permanently close facilities or exit a business may result in impairment and other charges to earnings. for example, in april 2022, the finance committee of the board of directors of the company approved a plan to exit the refining business, resulting in the recognition of $334 million and $187 million of expense in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
temporary outages at our facilities can last for several quarters and sometimes longer. these outages could cause us to incur significant costs, including the expenses of maintaining and restarting these facilities. in addition, we have significant obligations under take-or-pay agreements. even though we may reduce production at facilities, we may be required to continue to purchase or pay for utilities or raw materials under these arrangements.
acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price.
we continually evaluate the performance and strategic fit of all of our businesses and evaluate whether our businesses would benefit from acquisitions to enhance growth or dispositions that would align our footprint with our overall business strategy. these transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements.
table of contents acquisitions involve numerous risks, including meeting our standards for compliance, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, and potential loss of key employees. there can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. the integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues, synergies, or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we do not manage and operate the acquired business up to our expectations. if we are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
dispositions of assets or businesses involve risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain environmental or other contingent liabilities related to the divested business. in addition, they may result in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in the event we are unable to successfully divest a business or product line, we may be forced to wind down such business or product line, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we cannot assure you that we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in acquiring or divesting a business or product line, and any transaction we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may also result in a diversion of management attention, operational difficulties and losses.
risks related to the global economy and multinational operations economic disruptions and downturns in general, and particularly continued global economic uncertainty or economic turmoil in emerging markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
our results of operations can be materially affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets and depressed economic conditions generally. economic downturns in the businesses and geographic areas in which we sell our products could substantially reduce demand for our products and result in decreased sales volumes and increased credit risk. recessionary environments adversely affect our business because demand for our products is reduced, particularly from our customers in industrial markets generally and the automotive and housing industries specifically, and may result in higher costs of capital. a significant portion of our revenues and earnings are derived from our business in europe. in addition, most of our european transactions and assets, including cash and receivables, are denominated in euros.
we also derive significant revenues from our business in emerging markets, particularly the emerging markets in asia and south america. any broad-based downturn in these emerging markets, or in a key market such as china, could require us to reduce export volumes into these markets and could also require us to divert product sales to less profitable markets. any of these conditions could ultimately harm our overall business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
we sell products in highly competitive global markets and face significant price pressures.
we sell our products in highly competitive global markets. due to the commodity nature of many of our products, competition in these markets is based primarily on price and, to a lesser extent, on product performance, product quality, product deliverability, reliability of supply and customer service. often, we are not able to protect our market position for these products by product differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to our customers due to the significant competition in our business.
table of contents in addition, we face increased competition from companies that may have greater financial resources and different cost structures or strategic goals than us. these include large integrated oil companies (some of which also have chemical businesses), government-owned businesses, and companies that receive subsidies or other government incentives to produce certain products in a specified geographic region. continuing competition from these companies, especially in our olefin and refining businesses, could limit our ability to increase product sales prices in response to raw material and other cost increases, or could cause us to reduce product sales prices to compete effectively, which would reduce our profitability. competitors with different cost structures or strategic goals than we have may be able to invest significant capital into their businesses, including expenditures for research and development. in addition, specialty products we produce may become commoditized over time. increased competition could result in lower prices or lower sales volumes, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.
we operate internationally and are subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, political risks and other risks relating to international operations.
we operate internationally and are subject to the risks of doing business on a global level. these risks include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and the imposition of trade restrictions or duties and tariffs, and complex regulations concerning privacy and data security. additional risks from our multinational business include transportation delays and interruptions, war, terrorist activities, epidemics, pandemics, political instability, import and export controls, sanctions, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments.
we generate revenues from export sales and operations that may be denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional currency. exchange rates between these currencies and functional currencies in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. it is possible that fluctuations in exchange rates will result in reduced operating results. additionally, we operate with the objective of having our worldwide cash available in the locations where it is needed, including the united kingdom for our parent company's significant cash obligations as a result of dividend payments. it is possible that we may not always be able to provide cash to other jurisdictions when needed or that such transfers of cash could be subject to additional taxes, including withholding taxes.
our operating results could be negatively affected by the laws, rules and regulations, as well as political environments, in the jurisdictions in which we operate. there could be reduced demand for our products, decreases in the prices at which we can sell our products and disruptions of production or other operations. trade protection measures such as quotas, duties, tariffs, safeguard measures or anti-dumping duties imposed in the countries in which we operate could negatively impact our business. additionally, there may be substantial capital and other costs to comply with regulations and/or increased security costs or insurance premiums, any of which could reduce our operating results.
we obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from international sources that are subject to these same risks. our compliance with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject could be challenged. furthermore, these laws may be modified, the result of which may be to prevent or limit subsidiaries from transferring cash to us.
furthermore, we are subject to certain existing, and may be subject to possible future, laws that limit or may limit our activities while some of our competitors may not be subject to such laws, which may adversely affect our competitiveness.
table of contents changes in tax laws and regulations could affect our tax rate and our results of operations.
the company operates in multiple jurisdictions with complex legal and tax regulatory environments and is subject to taxes in the u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions. significant changes to tax laws and regulations in these jurisdictions or their interpretation could have a material impact on our effective income tax rate. our future effective income tax rates could also fluctuate based on, among other factors, changes in pre-tax income in countries with varying statutory tax rates, changes in valuation allowances, changes in foreign exchange gains/losses, the amount of exempt income, and changes in unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions. our tax returns are periodically audited or subjected to review by tax authorities, and any adverse result of these examinations could also have an impact on our effective income tax rate and our results of operations. we regularly evaluate the likelihood of an adverse result of an examination, however, there is no assurance as to the ultimate outcome and impact.
risks related to health, safety, and the environment we cannot predict with certainty the extent of future costs under environmental, health and safety and other laws and regulations, and cannot guarantee they will not be material.
we may face liability arising out of the normal course of business, including alleged personal injury or property damage due to exposure to chemicals or other hazardous substances at our current or former facilities, or exposure to products or chemicals that we manufacture, handle or own. in addition, because our products are components of a variety of other end-use products, we, along with other members of the chemical industry, are subject to potential claims related to those end-use products. any substantial increase in the success of these types of claims could negatively affect our operating results.
we are subject to extensive national, regional, state and local environmental laws, regulations, directives, rules and ordinances concerning pollution, protection of the environment, hazardous materials, health and safety, the security of our facilities, and the safety of our products. we generally expect that these requirements are likely to become more stringent over time. changes to such laws could result in restrictions on our operations, denial of permits, loss of business opportunities, increased operating costs or additional capital expenditures. we could incur significant costs or operational restrictions due to violations of or liabilities under such laws and regulations in the form of fines, penalties, and injunctive relief. any substantial liability under such laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additionally, we are required to have permits for our businesses and are subject to licensing regulations. these permits and licenses are subject to renewal, modification and in some circumstances, revocation. further, the permits and licenses are often difficult, time consuming and costly to obtain and could contain conditions that limit our operations.
we may incur substantial costs to comply with climate change legislation and related regulatory initiatives.
there has been a broad range of proposed or promulgated international, national and state laws focusing on greenhouse gas ("ghg") emission reduction and global climate change. these proposed or promulgated laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. laws and regulations in this field continue to evolve and, while they are likely to be increasingly widespread and stringent, at this stage it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation. under the 2015 paris agreement, parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change agreed to undertake ambitious efforts to reduce ghg emissions and strengthen adaptation to the effects of climate change.
table of contents jurisdictions in which we operate, including, in particular, the european union (eu), are preparing national legislation and protection plans to implement their emission reduction commitments under the paris agreement. in june 2021, the european climate law set legally binding targets of net zero ghg emissions by 2050, and a 55% reduction in ghg emissions by 2030. throughout 2023, a series of legislative reforms arising out of the eu's 'fit for 55' package of proposals have been adopted and are in the process of being implemented, including reforms to the eu emissions trading system (ets), and the introduction of a carbon border adjustment mechanism. our operations in europe participate in the ets and we meet our obligations through a combination of free and purchased emission allowances. we anticipate that these regulations will result in an accelerated reduction of our free allowances and higher market prices for purchased allowances. these and other future regulations could result in increased costs, additional capital expenditures, and/or restrictions on operations.
in the u.s., addressing climate change is a stated priority of president biden, and in february 2021, the u.s. recommitted to the paris agreement after having withdrawn in august 2017. the u.s. environmental protection agency as well as several state governments have promulgated regulations directed at ghg emissions reductions from certain types of facilities. additional regulations could be forthcoming at the u.s. federal or state level that could result in increased operating costs for compliance, required acquisition or trading of emission allowances, or compliance costs associated with additional regulatory frameworks for a range of potential carbon reduction projects, including carbon capture, use, and sequestration projects. additionally, demand for the products we produce may be reduced.
non-governmental organizations have been active in filing lawsuits against governments and private parties in various jurisdictions around the world seeking enforcement of existing laws and new requirements to reduce ghg emissions. in one case decided in the netherlands in may 2021, plaintiffs obtained a ruling ordering royal dutch shell to reduce its scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions by 45% by 2030. these types of laws, regulations, and litigation results could increase the cost of purchased energy and increase costs of compliance in various locations.
compliance with climate regulations may result in increased permitting necessary for the operation of our business or for any of our growth plans. difficulties in obtaining such permits could have an adverse effect on our future growth. in addition, any future potential climate regulations, legislation, or litigation results could impose additional operating restrictions or delays in implementing growth projects or other capital investments, require us to incur increased costs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
legislation and regulatory initiatives could lead to a decrease in demand for our products or reputational harm.
new or revised governmental regulations and independent studies relating to the effect of our products on health, safety and the environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. initiatives by governments and private interest groups will potentially result in increased toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. new or revised legislation or regulations could result in additional use restrictions and/or bans of certain chemicals. for example, in the eu, the european commission as part of its green deal published the chemicals strategy for sustainability towards a toxic-free environment ("css"). the css sets forth far-reaching plans for introducing significant changes to the eu regulatory frameworks for chemicals including the regulation on registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals ("reach"), and the classification, labelling and packaging regulation ("clp") that could result in increased compliance costs, additional restrictions, and/or bans of chemicals used or produced by us. in the u.s., changes to the u.s. environmental protection agency's risk evaluation process under the toxic substances control act ("tsca") could also result in additional restrictions and/or bans of chemicals used or produced by us.
assessments under tsca, reach or similar programs or regulations in other state or national jurisdictions may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals we use or produce and may result in additional requirements or bans being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of those chemicals. such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. such a decrease in demand could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
table of contents u.s. state and federal regulators, international regulators, investors, consumers and other stakeholders are focused on environmental, social, and governance ("esg") considerations. esg disclosure obligations have required and may continue to require us to implement new practices and reporting processes, and have created and will continue to create additional compliance risk. if we are unable to meet our circularity, greenhouse gas reduction, diversity or other goals, or if we are perceived by regulators, customers, stockholders or employees to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for these issues, our reputation, and therefore our ability to sell our products, could be negatively impacted. if, as a result of their assessment of our esg performance, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our shares or debt securities. providers of debt and equity financing may also consider our sustainability performance and external esg ratings, which we have limited ability to influence, which could impact our cost of capital and adversely affect our business.
the physical impacts of climate change can negatively impact our facilities and operations.
potential physical impacts of climate change include increased frequency and severity of hurricanes and floods as well as freezing conditions, tornadoes, and global sea level rise. although we have preparedness plans in place designed to minimize impacts and enhance safety, should an event occur, it could have the potential to disrupt our supply chain and operations. a number of our facilities are located on the u.s. gulf coast, which has been impacted by hurricanes that have required us to temporarily shut down operations at those sites. our sites rely on rivers and other waterways for transportation that may experience restrictions in times of drought or other unseasonal weather variation. in addition, scarcity of water and drought conditions due to climate change could reduce the availability of fresh water needed to produce our products which could increase our costs of operations.
increased regulation or deselection of plastic could lead to a decrease in demand growth for some of our products.
there is a growing concern with the accumulation of plastic, plastic additives, and microplastics in the environment, particularly in waterways and oceans. additionally, plastics have recently faced increased public backlash and scrutiny, as well as governmental investigations and enforcement, and private litigation. policy measures to address this concern are being discussed or implemented by governments at all levels. for example, on march 2, 2022, the united nations environment assembly adopted a resolution to develop a new international legally binding instrument on plastic pollution with the ambition to complete the negotiations by the end of 2024. the european union has been undertaking a series of actions under its circular economy action plan, including adoption of the single use plastics directive in 2019, which introduced policy measures for single use plastics including bans, product design requirements, extended producer responsibility obligations, and labeling requirements, and a proposal for a packaging and packaging waste regulation to replace the packaging and packaging waste directive. in addition, a host of single-use plastic bans and taxes have been passed by countries around the world and states and municipalities throughout the u.s. consumer deselection, increased regulation of, or prohibition on, the manufacturing or use of plastic or plastic products could limit the use of these products or increase the costs incurred by our customers to use such products, and could lead to a decrease in demand for pe, pp, and other products we make. such a decrease in demand could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
failure to effectively and timely achieve our ghg emissions reduction goals could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on the demand for our products.
we have set ghg emissions reduction targets for 2030, and aim to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 ghg emissions by 2050. our ability to achieve these goals depends on many factors, including the availability of technology, our ability to secure permits and emissions credits, evolving regulatory requirements, competitor actions, customer preferences, and our ability to reduce emissions from our operations through modernization and innovation, reduce the emissions intensity of the electricity we buy, and invest in renewables and low carbon energy. we may also not timely adapt to changes or methods in carbon pricing that could increase our costs and reduce our competitiveness. the cost associated with our ghg emissions reduction goals could be significant. failure to achieve our emissions targets could result in reputational harm, enforcement or litigation, changing investor sentiment regarding investment in lyondellbasell or a negative impact on access to and cost of capital. in addition, if customers increasingly set their own scope 3 ghg emissions reduction targets, this could lead to a decrease in demand for our products.
table of contents failure to achieve our circularity goals could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products.
in september 2020, we announced a circularity goal of producing and marketing at least two million metric tons of recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by 2030. many of our customers also have goals to increase the recycled and renewable content in their own products and packaging. our ability to achieve this goal depends on many factors, including the availability of collection and sortation infrastructure, evolving regulations on chemical recycling and recycled content, our ability to grow our circular and low carbon solutions business established in 2022, make investments in new technologies, expand the global footprint of our recycling facilities and joint ventures, secure access to feedstock, and manufacture recycled and low carbon products at commercial scale.
general risk factors increased it and cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, data, products, facilities and services.
increased global information cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated, targeted computer crime pose a risk to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data, operations and infrastructure. while we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including security measures, employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our employees, systems, networks, products, facilities and services remain potentially vulnerable to ransomware or sophisticated espionage. depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.
many of our businesses depend on our intellectual property. our future success will depend in part on our ability to develop new technologies and protect our intellectual property rights, and our inability to do so could reduce our ability to maintain our competitiveness and margins.
we have a significant worldwide patent portfolio of issued and pending patents and our future results could be impacted by our ability to successfully develop and protect new processes and technologies. our patents and patent applications, together with proprietary technical know-how, are significant to our competitive position, particularly with regard to po, intermediate chemicals, polyolefins, licensing and catalysts. we rely on the patent, copyright and trade secret laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. we operate plants, sell catalysts and products, participate in joint ventures, and license our process technology in many foreign jurisdictions, including those having heightened risks for intellectual property. in some of these instances, we must disclose at least a portion of our technology to third parties or regulatory bodies. in these cases, we rely primarily on contracts and trade secret laws to protect the associated trade secrets. however, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without authorization. proceedings to protect these rights could be costly, and we may not prevail.
the failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how could result in significantly lower revenues, reduced profit margins and cash flows and/or loss of market share. we also may be subject to claims that our technology, patents or other intellectual property infringes on a third party's intellectual property rights. unfavorable resolution of these claims could result in restrictions on our ability to deliver the related service or in a settlement that could be material to us.
table of contents adverse results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect us.
we are subject to and may in the future be subject to a variety of legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business. results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. irrespective of its merits, litigation may be both lengthy and disruptive to our operations and may cause significant expenditure and diversion of management attention. we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations should we fail to prevail in certain matters.
if we lose key employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, and we rely heavily on our management team. the inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. in addition, because of the reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. the retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be critically important to the successful implementation of our strategies.
there is substantial and continuous competition for diverse, talented engineering, manufacturing, and operations employees. we may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel, and we may experience increased compensation and training costs that may not be offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. we have from time to time experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, and may not be able to fill positions in desired geographic areas or at all.
significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may adversely affect the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans, and our pension cost.
our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rates used to measure pension obligations, the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets may result in corresponding increases and decreases in the value of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. any changes in key actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate or mortality rate, would impact the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years.
many of our current pension plans have projected benefit obligations that exceed the fair value of the plan assets. as of december 31, 2023, the aggregate deficit was $853 million. any declines in the fair values of the pension plans' assets could require additional payments by us in order to maintain specified funding levels.
our pension plans are subject to legislative and regulatory requirements of applicable jurisdictions, which could include, under certain circumstances, local governmental authority to terminate the plan.
see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding pensions and other post-retirement benefits.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general this discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our consolidated financial statements, and the accompanying notes elsewhere in this report. unless otherwise indicated, the "company," "we," "us," "our" or similar words are used to refer to lyondellbasell industries n.v. together with its consolidated subsidiaries ("lyondellbasell n.v.").
effective january 1, 2023, our catalloy and polybutene-1 businesses were moved from the advanced polymer solutions ("aps") segment and reintegrated into the olefins and polyolefins-americas ("o&p-americas") and olefins and polyolefins-europe, asia, international ("o&p-eai") segments. this move allows the aps team to focus on our compounding and solutions business, and to develop a more agile operating model with meaningful regional and segment growth strategies. the segment information provided herein has been revised for all periods presented to reflect these changes.
the discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition for the year ended december 31, 2021 and for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to 2021 has been excluded from this form 10-k and can be found in the update to part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022 as reported in exhibit 99.1 to the current report on form 8-k of the company filed with the securities and exchange commission on may 12, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference.
overview throughout 2023, petrochemical markets faced headwinds from soft global demand, capacity additions and economic uncertainty. markets were broadly pressured by weak demand for durable goods which impacted margins in the o&p-americas, o&p-eai, intermediates & derivatives ("i&d") and aps segments. refining results declined primarily as a result of lower demand for diesel and other distillates, compared to the prior year. in contrast, oxyfuels margins benefited from tight supply and strong summertime gasoline crack spreads.
during 2023, we recognized non-cash impairment charges of $518 million, primarily consisting of a goodwill impairment charge of $252 million in our aps segment and an impairment charge of $192 million related to our european po joint venture recognized in our i&d segment.
in the first quarter of 2023, we started up the world's largest propylene oxide (po) and tertiary butyl alcohol (tba) unit in texas. these new assets on the u.s. gulf coast have an annual capacity of 470 thousand metric tons of po and one million metric tons of tba and its derivatives.
in may 2023, we issued our inaugural $500 million green bond. proceeds from the bond are being used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing eligible green projects in the areas of circular economy, renewable energy, pollution prevention and control, and energy efficiency.
during 2023, we generated $4.9 billion in cash from operating activities. we remain committed to a disciplined approach to capital allocation. additionally, approximately $1.5 billion was reinvested in the business through capital expenditures while $1.8 billion was returned to shareholders through quarterly dividends and share repurchases.
table of contents results of operations for the periods discussed are presented in the table below.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                                                     2023                            2022
sales and other operating revenues                                              $41,107                         $50,451
cost of sales                                                                    35,849                          43,847
impairments                                                                         518                              69
selling, general and administrative expenses                                      1,557                           1,310
research and development expenses                                                   130                             124
operating income                                                                  3,053                           5,101
interest expense                                                                  (477)                           (287)
interest income                                                                     129                              29
other expense, net                                                                 (58)                            (72)
(loss) income from equity investments                                              (20)                               5
income from continuing operations before income taxes                             2,627                           4,776
provision for income taxes                                                          501                             882
income from continuing operations                                                 2,126                           3,894
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                                       (5)                             (5)
net income                                                                        2,121                           3,889
other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax -
financial derivatives                                                              (80)                             208
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans                     (97)                             346
foreign currency translations                                                        73                           (123)
total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax                               (104)                             431
comprehensive income                                                             $2,017                          $4,320
results of operations revenues-revenues decreased by $9,344 million, or 19%, in 2023 compared to 2022. average sales prices in 2023 were lower for many of our products, as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which decreased relative to 2022. these lower prices led to a 21% decrease in revenue. volume improvements resulted in a 1% increase in revenue, primarily driven by increased i&d sales volumes. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a 1% increase in revenue.
cost of sales-cost of sales decreased by $7,998 million, or 18%, in 2023 compared to 2022. this decrease primarily related to lower feedstock and energy costs. fluctuations in our cost of sales are generally driven by changes in feedstock and energy costs. on an annual basis, feedstock and energy related costs generally represent approximately 70% to 80% of cost of sales. other variable costs account for approximately 10% of cost of sales and fixed operating costs, consisting primarily of expenses associated with employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and maintenance, account for the remainder.
impairments-during 2023, we recognized non-cash impairment charges of $518 million, primarily consisting of a goodwill impairment charge of $252 million in our aps segment and an impairment charge of $192 million related to our european po joint venture recognized in our i&d segment. during 2022 we recognized a non-cash impairment of $69 million related to the sale of our australian polypropylene manufacturing facility. see notes 8, 9 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding impairment charges.
table of contents sg&a expenses-selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased by $247 million, or 19%, in 2023 compared to 2022. approximately 60% of this increase was attributable to higher employee-related expenses and the remaining increase was primarily driven by professional fees incurred for strategic projects.
operating income-operating income decreased by $2,048 million, or 40%, in 2023 compared to 2022. in 2023, operating income decreased for our refining, o&p-americas, i&d, aps and o&p-eai segments by $668 million, $541 million, $342 million, $277 million and $235 million, respectively. operating income for our technology segment increased by $3 million in 2023 compared to 2022. results for each of our business segments are discussed further in the segment analysis section below.
interest expense-interest expense increased by $190 million, or 66%, in 2023 compared to 2022. approximately 55% of this increase was attributable to lower capitalized interest associated with our new po/tba plant which started-up in the first quarter of 2023. the remaining increase was primarily due to the impact of our fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps driven by higher interest rates in 2023.
interest income-interest income increased by $100 million, or 345%, in 2023 compared to 2022. approximately three quarters of the increase was due to higher interest rates in 2023. the remaining increase was driven by higher cash balances during 2023.
income taxes-our effective income tax rates of 19.1% in 2023 and 18.5% in 2022 resulted in tax provisions of $501 million and $882 million, respectively. in 2023, non-deductible impairments, an audit settlement in the second quarter, and fluctuations in uncertain tax positions increased the effective tax rate by 1.1%, 1.4%, and 2.2%, respectively. these increases were partially offset by decreases in the effective tax rate of 2.8% related to changes in pre-tax income in countries with varying statutory tax rates and 1.0% related to a patent box ruling received in the fourth quarter of 2023. for additional information, see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
comprehensive income-comprehensive income decreased by $2,303 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to a decrease in net income. the activities from the remaining components of comprehensive income are discussed below.
financial derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, primarily our forward-starting interest rate swaps, led to a decrease in comprehensive income of $288 million in 2023 compared to 2022, due to periodic changes in the benchmark interest rates combined with a decrease in notional outstanding.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans led to a decrease in comprehensive income of $443 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to actuarial losses resulting from lower-than-expected asset returns combined with the absence of pre-tax pension settlements in 2023.
foreign currency translations increased comprehensive income by $196 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to the weakening of the u.s. dollar relative to the euro and the british pound sterling in 2023, offset by the effective portion of our net investment hedges.
see notes 14, 15 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions.
table of contents segment analysis we use earnings from continuing operations before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") as our measure of profitability for segment reporting purposes. this measure of segment operating results is used by our chief operating decision maker to assess the performance of, and allocate resources to, our operating segments. intersegment eliminations and items that are not directly related or allocated to business operations, such as foreign exchange gains (losses) and components of pension and other post-retirement benefit costs other than service cost, are included in "other." for additional information related to our operating segments, as well as a reconciliation of ebitda to its nearest generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") measure, income from continuing operations before income taxes, see note 21 to our consolidated financial statements.
the following table presents the reconciliation of net income to ebitda for each of the periods presented:
year ended december 31, millions of u.s. dollars                                                 2023                            2022
net income                                                        $2,121                          $3,889
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                          5                               5
income from continuing operations                                  2,126                           3,894
provision for income taxes                                           501                             882
depreciation and amortization                                      1,534                           1,267
interest expense, net                                                348                             258
ebitda                                                            $4,509                          $6,301
table of contents our continuing operations are managed through six reportable segments: o&p-americas, o&p-eai, i&d, aps, refining and technology. revenues and the components of ebitda for the periods presented are reflected in the tables below for our reportable segments:
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                             2023                            2022
sales and other operating revenues:
o&amp;p-americas                                        $11,280                         $14,480
o&amp;p-eai                                              10,479                          13,455
i&amp;d                                                  11,086                          12,950
aps                                                       3,698                           4,202
refining                                                  9,714                          11,893
technology                                                  663                             693
other, including segment eliminations                   (5,813)                         (7,222)
total                                                   $41,107                         $50,451
operating income (loss):
o&amp;p-americas                                         $1,665                          $2,206
o&amp;p-eai                                               (160)                              75
i&amp;d                                                   1,262                           1,604
aps                                                       (261)                              16
refining                                                    221                             889
technology                                                  334                             331
other, including segment eliminations                       (8)                            (20)
total                                                    $3,053                          $5,101
depreciation and amortization:
o&amp;p-americas                                           $587                            $591
o&amp;p-eai                                                 207                             171
i&amp;d                                                     443                             332
aps                                                          98                              95
refining                                                    158                              39
technology                                                   41                              39
total                                                    $1,534                          $1,267
income (loss) from equity investments:
o&amp;p-americas                                            $49                             $98
o&amp;p-eai                                                (55)                            (68)
i&amp;d                                                    (13)                            (25)
aps                                                         (1)                               -
total                                                     $(20)                              $5
table of contents year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                                   2023                            2022
other (expense) income, net:
o&amp;p-americas                                                   $2                           $(30)
o&amp;p-eai                                                       (1)                               -
i&amp;d                                                          (13)                            (39)
aps                                                                 2                               4
refining                                                            -                             (7)
technology                                                          -                             (4)
other, including intersegment eliminations                       (48)                               4
total                                                           $(58)                           $(72)
ebitda:
o&amp;p-americas                                               $2,303                          $2,865
o&amp;p-eai                                                       (9)                             178
i&amp;d                                                         1,679                           1,872
aps                                                             (162)                             115
refining                                                          379                             921
technology                                                        375                             366
other, including intersegment eliminations                       (56)                            (16)
total                                                          $4,509                          $6,301
olefins and polyolefins-americas segment overview-ebitda decreased in 2023 relative to 2022 primarily driven by lower polyolefin margins.
in calculating the impact of margin and volume on ebitda, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin.
ethylene raw materials-ethylene and its co-products are produced from two major raw material groups:
•ngls, principally ethane and propane, the prices of which are generally affected by natural gas prices; and
•crude oil-based liquids ("liquids" or "heavy liquids"), including naphtha, condensates and gas oils, the prices of which are generally related to crude oil prices.
we have flexibility to vary the raw material mix and process conditions in our u.s. olefins plants in order to maximize profitability as market prices fluctuate for both feedstocks and products. although prices of crude-based liquids and natural gas liquids are generally related to crude oil and natural gas prices, during specific periods the relationships among these materials and benchmarks may vary significantly. ethane made up approximately 70% of the raw materials used in our north american crackers in 2023 and 2022.
table of contents the following table sets forth selected financial information for the o&p-americas segment including income from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                          2023                            2022
sales and other operating revenues                   $11,280                         $14,480
income from equity investments                            49                              98
ebitda                                                 2,303                           2,865
revenues-revenues decreased by $3,200 million, or 22%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower average sales prices resulted in a 23% decrease in revenue primarily driven by increased market supply and lower demand. higher volumes due to improved operating rates resulted in a 1% increase in revenue.
ebitda-ebitda decreased by $562 million, or 20%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower polyolefins results led to a 29% decrease in ebitda primarily driven by lower margins as a result of lower average sales prices reflecting softer demand and new industry capacity. higher olefins results contributed to a 7% increase in ebitda driven equally by increased volumes and higher margins, due to higher operating rates and lower feedstock and energy costs, respectively.
olefins and polyolefins-europe, asia, international segment overview-ebitda decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily as a result of lower polyolefin margins partially offset by higher olefins results.
in calculating the impact of margin and volume on ebitda, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin.
ethylene raw materials-in europe, naphtha is the primary raw material for our ethylene production and represents approximately 65% to 70% of the raw materials used in 2023 and 2022.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the o&p-eai segment including loss from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2023                            2022
sales and other operating revenues          $10,479                         $13,455
loss from equity investments                   (55)                            (68)
ebitda                                          (9)                             178
revenues-revenues decreased by $2,976 million, or 22%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower average sales prices resulted in a 23% decrease in revenue as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which, on average, decreased compared to 2022. lower volumes resulted in a revenue decrease of 1% primarily due to weak demand. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue increase of 2%.
table of contents ebitda-ebitda decreased by $187 million, or 105%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower polyolefins results led to a 241% decrease in ebitda primarily driven by decreased margins due to lower average sales prices reflecting weak demand. higher olefins results led to an 88% increase in ebitda driven equally by higher volumes and margins resulting from the absence of planned and unplanned downtime and lower feedstock and energy costs, respectively. in 2022, we recognized a $69 million non-cash impairment charge in conjunction with the sale of our polypropylene manufacturing facility located in australia. the absence of this charge in 2023 resulted in a 39% increase in ebitda. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
intermediates and derivatives segment overview-ebitda decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily driven by a non-cash impairment charge related to our european po joint venture recognized in 2023. segment results were relatively unchanged as improvements in our oxyfuels and related products results were offset by lower margins for propylene oxide and derivatives and intermediate chemicals.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the i&d segment including loss from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2023   2022
sales and other operating revenues          $11,086                         $12,950
loss from equity investments                   (13)                            (25)
ebitda                                        1,679                           1,872
revenues-revenues decreased by $1,864 million, or 14%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower average sales prices resulted in a 20% decrease in revenue as a result of lower demand. sales volumes increased resulting in a 5% increase in revenue primarily due to additional volumes derived from our new po/tba facility and strong demand. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue increase of 1%.
ebitda-ebitda decreased $193 million, or 10%, in 2023 compared to 2022. during 2023, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $192 million related to our equity investment in the european po joint venture resulting in a 10% decrease in ebitda. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
excluding the impact of the impairment discussed above, segment results remained relatively unchanged. improved oxyfuels and related products results led to an ebitda increase of 31% primarily driven by increased volumes due to increased capacity related to our po/tba facility combined with higher margins due to increased gasoline cracks. this improvement was largely offset by a 20% decrease in ebitda from propylene oxide and derivatives results as margins decreased due to lower demand for durable goods. lower intermediate chemicals results led to a 9% decrease in ebitda driven by lower margins as demand softened.
table of contents advanced polymer solutions segment overview-ebitda decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to the recognition of a $252 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge in 2023.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the aps segment including loss from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2023                            2022
sales and other operating revenues           $3,698                          $4,202
loss from equity investments                    (1)                               -
ebitda                                        (162)                             115
revenues-revenues decreased in 2023 by $504 million, or 12%, compared to 2022. average sales price declines resulted in an 11% decrease in revenue as a result of lower demand. sales volumes declines resulted in a 2% decrease in revenue stemming from lower demand. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue increase of 1%.
ebitda-ebitda decreased in 2023 by $277 million, or 241%, compared to 2022. during 2023, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $252 million after the effect of moving our catalloy and polybutene-1 businesses from our aps segment and reintegrating them into our o&p-americas and o&p-eai segments. this impairment charge resulted in a 219% decrease in ebitda. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. lower volumes resulted in a 43% decrease in ebitda as a result of a decline in demand. during 2023 and 2022, we recognized a lifo inventory benefit of $8 million and charge of $21 million, respectively, which resulted in a 25% increase in ebitda.
refining segment overview-ebitda decreased in 2023 relative to 2022 primarily due to lower margins.
the following table sets forth selected financial information and heavy crude oil processing rates for the refining segment and the u.s. refining market margins for the applicable periods. "brent" is a light sweet crude oil and is one of the main benchmark prices for purchases of oil worldwide. "maya" is a heavy sour crude oil grade produced in mexico that is a relevant benchmark for heavy sour crude oils in the u.s. gulf coast market. references to industry benchmarks for refining market margins are to industry prices reported by platts, a division of s&p global.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2023                            2022
sales and other operating revenues           $9,714                         $11,893
ebitda                                          379                             921
thousands of barrels per day heavy crude oil processing rates                237                             238
market margins, dollars per barrel brent - 2-1-1                                $25.71                          $33.62
brent - maya differential                     13.26                           11.71
total maya 2-1-1                             $38.97                          $45.33
table of contents revenues-revenues decreased by $2,179 million, or 18%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower product prices led to a revenue decrease of 19% as the average brent crude oil price decreased approximately $16.68 per barrel. sales volumes led to a revenue increase 1% due to higher operating rates at our fluid catalytic cracker and coker units, which yielded more higher-value refined products such as gasoline and distillates.
ebitda-ebitda decreased by $542 million or 59%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower margins drove a 45% decrease in ebitda primarily due to a decrease in the maya 2-1-1 industry crack spread of approximately $6 per barrel as a result of lower demand for diesel and other distillates, compared to the prior year. during 2023 and 2022, we recognized a lifo inventory charge of $42 million and benefit of $40 million, respectively, which resulted in a 9% decrease in ebitda.
technology segment overview-our technology segment recognizes revenues related to the sale of polyolefin catalysts and the licensing of chemical and polyolefin process technologies. these revenues are offset in part by the costs incurred in the production of catalysts, licensing and services activities and research and development ("r&d") activities. in 2023 and 2022, our technology segment incurred approximately 50% to 55% of all r&d costs.
ebitda was relatively unchanged in 2023 compared to 2022 as higher catalyst margins and favorable foreign exchange impacts were partially offset by a decline in catalyst volumes.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the technology segment.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                               2023                          2022
sales and other operating revenues           $663                          $693
ebitda                                        375                           366
revenues-revenues decreased by $30 million, or 4%, in 2023 compared to 2022. lower catalyst volumes resulted in an 8% decrease in revenue primarily driven by lower demand. favorable foreign exchange impact increased revenue by 3%. higher licensing revenues resulting from more contracts reaching significant milestones drove a 1% increase in revenue.
ebitda-ebitda in 2023 increased by $9 million, or 2%, compared to 2022. higher catalyst margins resulted in a 5% increase in ebitda. during 2023 and 2022, we recognized a lifo inventory benefit of $7 million and charge of $13 million, respectively, which resulted in a 5% increase in ebitda. lower catalyst volumes resulted in an 11% decrease in ebitda driven by lower demand. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in an ebitda increase of 3%.
table of contents financial condition operating, investing and financing activities of continuing operations, which are discussed below, are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                           2023   2022
cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                   $4,942                          $6,119
investing activities                  (1,777)                         (1,977)
financing activities                  (1,950)                         (3,407)
operating activities-cash provided by operating activities of $4,942 million in 2023 primarily reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items and cash used by the main components of working capital-accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable.
in 2023, the main components of working capital provided $269 million of cash driven by a decrease in accounts receivable and an increase in accounts payable. the decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to lower revenues in our o&p-americas, o&p-eai and aps segments, primarily driven by lower average sales prices. the increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by higher feedstock and energy costs in our o&p-americas segment.
cash provided by operating activities of $6,119 million in 2022 primarily reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items and cash provided by the main components of working capital.
in 2022, the main components of working capital provided $450 million of cash driven by a decrease in accounts receivable, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable. the decrease in accounts receivable was primarily due to lower revenues across most businesses primarily driven by lower average sales prices. the decrease in accounts payable was driven by lower production volumes as a result of lower operating rates.
investing activities-capital expenditures in 2023 totaled $1,531 million compared to $1,890 million in 2022. approximately 30% and 50% of our capital expenditures in 2023 and 2022, respectively, was for profit-generating growth projects, largely for our po/tba plant, with the remaining expenditures supporting sustaining maintenance. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding capital spending by segment.
in 2023, foreign currency contracts with an aggregate notional value of €750 million expired. upon settlement of these foreign currency contracts, we paid €750 million ($820 million at the expiry spot rate) to our counterparties and received $903 million from our counterparties.
in 2022, foreign currency contracts with an aggregate notional value of €500 million expired. upon settlement of these foreign currency contracts, we paid €500 million ($501 million at the expiry spot rate) to our counterparties and received $614 million from our counterparties.
financing activities-we made dividend payments totaling $1,610 million and $3,246 million, in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the 2022 dividend payments included a special dividend of $5.20 per share totaling $1,704 million. additionally, in 2023 and 2022, we made payments of $211 million and $420 million to repurchase outstanding ordinary shares, respectively. for additional information related to our share repurchases and dividend payments, see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents in 2023, we issued $500 million of 5.625% guaranteed notes due 2033. additionally, we repaid the $425 million remaining of outstanding principal on our 4.0% guaranteed notes due 2023. for details see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2023 and 2022, we made net repayments of $200 million and $4 million, respectively, through the issuance and repurchase of commercial paper instruments under our commercial paper program.
in 2022, we received a return of collateral of $238 million related to the positions held with our counterparties for certain forward-starting interest rate swaps. for additional information related to our swaps contracts, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources overview we plan to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, dividends and other cash requirements with our current available liquidity and cash from operations, which could be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. debt repayment, and the purchase of shares under our share repurchase authorization, may be funded from cash and cash equivalents, cash from short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt, or a combination thereof.
as part of our overall capital allocation strategy, we plan to provide returns to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. barring any significant or unforeseen business challenges, mergers or acquisitions, over the long-term, we are targeting shareholder returns of 70% of free cash flow, defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. we intend to continue to declare and pay quarterly dividends, with the goal of increasing the dividend over time, after giving consideration to our cash balances and expected results from operations. our focus on funding our dividends while remaining committed to a strong investment grade balance sheet continues to be the foundation of our capital allocation strategy.
cash and liquid investments as of december 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $3,390 million, which includes $1,816 million in jurisdictions outside of the u.s., primarily held within the european union and the united kingdom. there are currently no legal or economic restrictions that would materially impede our transfers of cash.
credit arrangements at december 31, 2023, we had total debt, including current maturities, of $11,232 million, and $171 million of outstanding letters of credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds issued under uncommitted credit facilities.
we had total unused availability under our credit facilities of $4,150 million at december 31, 2023, which included the following:
•$3,250 million under our $3,250 million senior revolving credit facility, which backs our $2,500 million commercial paper program. availability under this facility is net of outstanding borrowings, outstanding letters of credit provided under the facility and notes issued under our commercial paper program. at december 31, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings of commercial paper, and no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this facility; and
•$900 million under our $900 million u.s. receivables facility. availability under this facility is subject to a borrowing base of eligible receivables, which is reduced by outstanding borrowings and letters of credit, if any. at december 31, 2023 we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this facility.
table of contents at any time and from time to time, we may repay or redeem our outstanding debt, including purchases of our outstanding bonds in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or a combination thereof, in each case using cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt or proceeds from asset divestitures. any repayment or redemption of our debt will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. in connection with such repurchases or redemptions, we may incur cash and non-cash charges, which could be material in the period in which they are incurred.
in accordance with our current interest rate risk management strategy and subject to management's evaluation of market conditions and the availability of favorable interest rates among other factors, we may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements to economically convert a portion of our fixed rate debt to variable rate debt or convert a portion of our variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.
share repurchases in may 2023, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize us to repurchase up to 34.0 million ordinary shares, through november 19, 2024, which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. our share repurchase authorization does not have a stated dollar amount, and purchases may be made through open market purchases, private market transactions or other structured transactions. repurchased shares could be retired or used for general corporate purposes, including for various employee benefit and compensation plans. the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased is not necessarily an indication of the number of shares that will ultimately be purchased. in 2023, we purchased 2.3 million shares under our share repurchase authorization for $211 million.
as of february 20, 2024, we had approximately 33.1 million shares remaining under the current authorization. the timing and amounts of additional shares repurchased, if any, will be determined based on our evaluation of market conditions and other factors, including any additional authorizations approved by our shareholders. for additional information related to our share repurchase authorizations, see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
capital budget in 2024, we are planning to invest approximately $2.1 billion in capital expenditures. approximately 60% of the 2024 budget is planned for sustaining maintenance, with the remaining budget supporting profit-generating growth projects. approximately half of our profit-generating growth project budget, or $400 million, is for projects that support our sustainability goals.
cash requirements from contractual and other obligations as part of our ongoing operations, we enter into contractual arrangements that may require us to make future cash payments under certain circumstances. our cash requirements related to contractual and other obligations primarily consist of purchase obligations, principal and interest payments on outstanding debt, lease payments, pension and other post-retirement benefits and income taxes. for more information regarding our debt arrangements, lease obligations, pension and other post-retirement benefits and income taxes, see notes 12, 13, 15 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.
we are party to obligations to purchase raw materials, utilities and industrial gases which are designed to ensure sources of supply and are not expected to be in excess of normal requirements. these purchase arrangements include provisions which state minimum purchase quantities; however, in the event we do not take the contractual minimum volumes, we are obligated to compensate the vendor only for any resulting economic losses they suffer. no material fees were paid to vendors for such losses in 2023. assuming that contractual minimum volumes are purchased at contract prices as of december 31, 2023, these commitments represent approximately 20% of our annual cost of sales with a weighted average remaining term of 7 years.
table of contents we also have purchase obligations under take-or-pay agreements which require us to either buy and take delivery of a minimum quantity of goods or to pay for any shortfall. these arrangements largely relate to product off-take agreements with a joint venture located in poland. no material shortfall was paid for quantities not taken under these contracts in 2023. when valued using a contract price as of december 31, 2023, these commitments represent approximately 5% of our annual cost of sales with a weighted average remaining term of 14 years.
current business outlook in the first quarter of 2024, seasonally slow demand and economic uncertainty provide headwinds for most businesses. relatively low ethane raw material costs continue to benefit our o&p-americas margins while regional demand is showing modest improvement. we expect oxyfuels and refining margins to be within typical winter seasonal ranges. in china, january demand was subdued as buyers managed inventories around the lunar new year holidays and growth remained uncertain. spring and summer seasonal demand improvements are expected across global markets. we are aligning first quarter operating rates with global demand and expect to operate our o&p-americas assets at 80% and both our o&p-eai and i&d assets at 75%.
value enhancement program ("vep")
during 2022, we introduced our vep, which expands capacity through low-cost debottlenecks and improved reliability, reduces costs and emissions by saving energy and increases margins through improvements in procurement, logistics and customer service. we estimate net income and recurring annual ebitda benefits for the vep based on 2017 through 2019 mid-cycle margins and modest inflation relative to a 2021 baseline year. we believe recurring annual ebitda is useful to investors because it represents a key measure used by management to assess progress towards our strategy of value creation.
at the end of 2023, we estimated vep benefits to have a year-end annual run rate of approximately $300 million of net income which, after adding back income taxes and depreciation and amortization of $75 million and $25 million, respectively, results in approximately $400 million of recurring annual ebitda, which exceeded our original expectations. we incurred one-time costs of approximately $200 million in 2023 to achieve this milestone.
given its performance in 2023, we anticipate that our vep will achieve a 2024 year-end annual run rate of approximately $445 million of net income, which, after adding back income taxes and depreciation and amortization of approximately $110 million and $45 million, respectively, results in approximately $600 million of recurring annual ebitda. we estimate incurring one-time costs of $325 million in 2024 to achieve this milestone.
by the end of 2025, the vep is expected to achieve a 2025 year-end annual run rate of up to $750 million in net income improvement, which, after adding back income taxes and depreciation and amortization of $185 million and $65 million, respectively, results in up to $1 billion of recurring annual ebitda.
related party transactions we have related party transactions with our joint venture partners. we believe that such transactions are effected on terms substantially no more or less favorable than those that would have been agreed upon by unrelated parties on an arm's length basis. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional related party disclosures.
critical accounting policies and estimates management applies those accounting policies that it believes best reflect the underlying business and economic events, consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. inherent in such policies are certain key assumptions and estimates made by management and updated periodically based on its latest assessment of the current and projected business and general economic environment.
table of contents management believes the following accounting policies and estimates, and the judgments and uncertainties affecting them, are critical in understanding our reported operating results and financial condition.
inventories-we account for our raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods inventories using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method of accounting.
the cost of raw materials, which represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses, and energy costs generally follow price trends for crude oil and/or natural gas. crude oil and natural gas prices are subject to many factors, including changes in economic conditions.
since our inventory consists of manufactured products derived from crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids and correlated materials, as well as the associated feedstocks and intermediate chemicals, our inventory market values are generally influenced by changes in the benchmark of crude oil and heavy liquid values and prices for manufactured finished goods. the degree of influence of a particular benchmark may vary from period to period, as the composition of the dollar value lifo pools change. an actual valuation of inventory under the lifo method is performed at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. accordingly, interim lifo calculations are based on our estimates of expected inventory levels and costs at the end of the year.
lifo value is measured at the total pool level. the impact of the measurement of each lifo pool at the lower of cost or market value ("lcm") is a function of the current market prices and the composition, or product mix, of inventory within the pool at the balance sheet date. due to the compositions of our lifo pools, changes in market prices of the materials within the pool from period-to-period do not necessarily correlate with lcm charges. an lcm condition may arise due to a volumetric or price decline in a particular material that had previously provided a positive impact within a pool.
as indicated above, fluctuation in the prices of crude oil, natural gas and correlated products from period to period may result in the recognition of charges to adjust the value of inventory to the lower of cost or market in periods of falling prices and the reversal of those charges in subsequent interim periods, within the same fiscal year, as market prices recover. accordingly, our cost of sales and results of operations may be affected by such fluctuations.
we do not believe any of our inventory is at risk for impairment at this time, however as prices for our products and raw materials are inherently volatile and therefore no prediction can be given with certainty. given the inherent volatility in the prices of our finished goods and raw materials, sustained price declines could result in lcm inventory valuation charges.
long-lived assets impairment assessment-the need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a weakened outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in margins, an expectation that a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment. if the sum of the undiscounted estimated pre-tax cash flows for an asset group is less than the asset group's carrying value, fair value is calculated for the asset group using an income approach or a market approach when appropriate, and the carrying value is written down to the calculated fair value. for purposes of impairment evaluation, long-lived assets including finite-lived intangible assets must be grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified.
significant judgment is involved in developing estimates of future cash flows since the results are based on forecasted financial information prepared using significant assumptions which may include, among other things, projected changes in supply and demand fundamentals (including industry-wide capacity, our planned utilization rate and end-user demand), new technological developments, capital expenditures, new competitors with significant raw material or other cost advantages, changes associated with world economies, the cyclical nature of the chemical and refining industries, uncertainties associated with governmental actions and other economic conditions. such estimates are consistent with those used in our financial planning and business performance reviews.
table of contents when an income approach is used to estimate fair value of our long-lived assets, the cash flows are discounted using a rate that is based on a variety of factors, including market and economic conditions, operational risk, regulatory risk and political risk. this discount rate is also compared to recent observable market transactions, if possible.
equity method investments impairment-investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are assessed for impairment when there are indicators of a loss in value, such as a lack of sustained earnings capacity or a current fair value less than the investment's carrying amount. when it is determined such a loss in value is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment's carrying value and its estimated fair value. when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the duration and extent of the decline, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the value of the investment. management's estimate of fair value of an investment is based on the income approach and/or market approach. for the income approach, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants. for the market approach, since quoted market prices are usually not available, we utilize market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded industrial gases companies.
during the fourth quarter of 2023, a trend of adverse financial performance triggered an impairment analysis of our investment in our european po joint venture. we concluded the asset was impaired and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $192 million. the fair value of our investment in the joint venture was determined using an income approach which utilized unobservable inputs, which generally consist of market information provided by unrelated third parties. our fair value estimate was based on significant assumptions including management's best estimates of the expected future cash flows. these estimates required considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions such as future commodity prices and po/sm margins. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of our impairment determination will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future.
an estimate of the sensitivity to net income resulting from impairment calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions, including pricing, volumes, discount rates, and market information provided by unrelated third parties that can materially affect our estimates. that is, unfavorable adjustments to some of the above listed assumptions may be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions.
in response to challenging market conditions in china, during 2023, we assessed our equity method investment in bora lyondellbasell petrochemical co. ltd. ("blyb") for impairment and concluded that our $231 million investment in blyb is not impaired. however, certain circumstances beyond our control could change in the near-term resulting in the need to recognize a non-cash impairment in subsequent periods.
goodwill-as of december 31, 2023, we had goodwill of $1,647 million, primarily relating to the acquisition of a. schulman inc. in 2018 and the tax effect of the differences between the tax and book basis of our assets and liabilities resulting from the revaluation of those assets and liabilities to fair value in connection with the company's emergence from bankruptcy and fresh-start accounting in 2010.
effective january 1, 2023, our catalloy and polybutene-1 businesses were moved from our aps segment and reintegrated into our o&p-americas and o&p-eai segments. when moved, a portion of the aps reporting unit's goodwill was allocated to the o&p-americas and o&p-eai segments based on the fair values of the businesses that were reintegrated relative to the fair value of the aps segment. in the first quarter of 2023, we evaluated goodwill for impairment immediately before and after the transfer of these businesses. our evaluation resulted in the recognition of a non-cash goodwill impairment of $252 million recognized in our aps segment. see notes 8 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents an estimate of the sensitivity to net income resulting from impairment calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions, including pricing, volumes and discount rates, which could materially affect our estimates. that is, unfavorable adjustments to some of the above listed assumptions may be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions.
we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill of a reporting unit may not be fully recoverable. we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. qualitative factors assessed for each of the reporting units include, but are not limited to, changes in long-term commodity prices, discount rates, competitive environments, planned capacity, cost factors such as raw material prices, and financial performance of the reporting units. if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a quantitative test is required.
we also have the option to proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. under the quantitative impairment test, the fair value of each reporting unit, calculated using a discounted cash flow model, is compared to its carrying value, including goodwill. the discounted cash flow model inherently utilizes a significant number of estimates and assumptions, including operating margins, tax rates, discount rates, capital expenditures and working capital changes. if the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge equal to the excess would be recognized, up to a maximum amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
in the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment for our reporting units within our advanced polymer solutions segment and a qualitative impairment assessment of our other reporting units, which indicated that the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their carrying value including goodwill. based on this assessment, our historical assessment for impairment and forecasted demand for our products, a quantitative goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter was not necessary.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, management performed a qualitative impairment assessment of our reporting units, which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their carrying value including goodwill. accordingly, a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not required.
long-term employee benefit costs-our costs for long-term employee benefits, particularly pension and other post-retirement medical and life insurance benefits, are incurred over long periods of time, and involve many uncertainties over those periods. the net periodic benefit cost attributable to current periods is based on several assumptions about such future uncertainties and is sensitive to changes in those assumptions. it is management's responsibility, often with the assistance of independent experts, to select assumptions that in its judgment represent its best estimates of the future effects of those uncertainties and to review those assumptions periodically to reflect changes in economic or other factors.
the current benefit service costs, as well as the existing liabilities, for pensions and other post-retirement benefits are measured on a discounted present value basis. the discount rate is a current rate, related to the rate at which the liabilities could be settled. our assumed discount rate is based on yield information for high-quality corporate bonds with durations comparable to the expected cash settlement of our obligations. for the purpose of measuring the benefit obligations at december 31, 2023, we used a weighted average discount rate of 5.80% for the u.s. plans, which reflects the different terms of the related benefit obligations. the weighted average discount rate used to measure obligations for non-u.s. plans at december 31, 2023, was 4.00%, reflecting market interest rates. the discount rates in effect at december 31, 2023 will be used to measure net periodic benefit cost during 2024.
the benefit obligation and the net periodic benefit cost of other post-retirement medical benefits are also measured based on assumed rates of future increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits. as of december 31, 2023, the assumed rate of increase for our u.s. plans was 6.3%, decreasing to 4.5% in 2031 and thereafter.
table of contents the net periodic benefit cost of pension benefits included in expense is affected by the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption. investment returns that are recognized currently in net income represent the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets applied to a market-related value of plan assets, which is defined as the market value of assets. the expected rate of return on plan assets is a longer-term rate and is expected to change less frequently than the current assumed discount rate, reflecting long-term market expectations, rather than current fluctuations in market conditions.
the weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our u.s. plans of 7.25% is based on the average level of earnings that our independent pension investment advisor advised could be expected to be earned over time. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our non-u.s. plans of 3.57% is based on expectations and asset allocations that vary by region. the asset allocations are summarized in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
the actual rate of return on plan assets may differ from the expected rate due to the volatility normally experienced in capital markets. management's goal is to manage the investments over the long term to achieve optimal returns with an acceptable level of risk and volatility.
net periodic pension cost recognized each year includes the expected asset earnings, rather than the actual earnings or loss. along with other gains and losses, this unrecognized amount, to the extent it cumulatively exceeds 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market related value of the plan assets for the respective plan, is recognized as additional net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service period of the participants in each plan.
the following table reflects the sensitivity of the benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans to changes in the actuarial assumptions:
effects on                                                                      effects on net benefit obligations                                                           periodic pension in 2023                                                                          costs in 2024
millions of dollars                                      u.s.                            non-u.s.                       u.s.                   non-u.s.
projected benefit obligations at december 31, 2023       $1,155                          $1,363                       $-                        $-
projected net periodic pension costs in 2024             -                               -                            69                        54
discount rate increases by 100 basis points              (95)                            (172)                       (7)                       (6)
discount rate decreases by 100 basis points              112              200                                          8                         7
the sensitivity of our post-retirement benefit plans obligations and net periodic benefit costs to changes in actuarial assumptions are reflected in the following table:
effects on                                            effects on net benefit obligations                                   periodic benefit in 2023                                               costs in 2024
millions of dollars                                      u.s.                          non-u.s.                u.s.                    non-u.s.
projected benefit obligations at december 31, 2023       $142                          $39                     $-                      $-
projected net periodic benefit costs in 2024             -                             -                       (1)         2
discount rate increases by 100 basis points              (10)                          (7)                     (1)                     (1)
discount rate decreases by 100 basis points              11             7                             1                                -
additional information on the key assumptions underlying these benefit costs appears in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents accruals for taxes based on income-the determination of our provision for income taxes and the calculation of our tax benefits and liabilities is subject to management's estimates and judgments due to the complexity of the tax laws and regulations in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. uncertainties exist with respect to interpretation of these complex laws and regulations.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse.
we recognize future tax benefits to the extent that the realization of these benefits is more likely than not. our current provision for income taxes is impacted by the recognition and release of valuation allowances related to net deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions. further changes to these valuation allowances may impact our future provision for income taxes, which will include no tax benefit with respect to losses incurred and no tax expense with respect to income generated in these countries until the respective valuation allowance is eliminated.
we recognize the financial statement benefits with respect to an uncertain income tax position that we have taken or may take on an income tax return when we believe it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities.
accounting and reporting changes for a discussion of the potential impact of new accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

