item 1a. risk factors.
we are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. the events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other company communications. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face, and our business could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations.
risks relating to our industry our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. our hotel brands and other lodging offerings generally compete with major hotel chains, regional hotel chains, independent hotels, and home sharing and rental services across national and international venues. our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business, group and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing and driving preference for our lodging products and services, including our loyalty program, direct booking channels, consumer-facing technology platforms and services, our co-branded credit cards, and other offerings. if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to maintain or increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic and other global, national, and regional conditions and events have in the past impacted, and could in the future impact, our business, financial results and growth. because we conduct our business on a global scale, we are affected by changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, labor, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical, public health, social and other conditions and events. our business, financial results and growth are impacted by weak or volatile economic conditions; pandemics and other outbreaks of disease; natural and man-made disasters; changes in energy prices, interest rates and currency values; political instability, geopolitical conflict, actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, civil unrest and other acts of violence; heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, and disruptions in air and ground travel; and concerns over the foregoing. these conditions and events have in the past materially negatively impacted, and could in the future materially negatively impact, our business, operations, and financial results in many ways, including, but not limited to, as follows:
•reducing revenues at our managed and franchised hotels, owned and leased hotels, and properties in which we have an investment, potentially impacting their ability to meet expenses, including payment of amounts owed to us;
•adversely affecting the value of our owned and leased properties or investments;
•affecting the ability or willingness of hotel owners and franchisees to service, repay or refinance existing indebtedness or similar obligations, including loans or guaranty advances we have made to or for them;
•making it more difficult for hotel owners and franchisees to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms, or at all;
•causing hotel construction and opening delays;
•decreasing the rate at which new projects enter our pipeline;
•causing hotels to exit our system;
•increasing operating costs;
•requiring us to borrow or otherwise raise a significant amount of cash in order to preserve financial flexibility, repay maturing debt and manage debt maturities;
•causing the terms of our borrowing to be more expensive or more restrictive; and
•adversely affecting associate hiring and retention.
the conditions and events discussed in this risk factor could also give rise to, aggravate, and impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate the other risks that we identify below, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, the failure of a hotel owner or franchisee to comply with its payment or other obligations under the agreement, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria which we do not cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. when terminations occur for certain of these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. we may have difficulty collecting damages from the hotel owner or franchisee, and any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management or franchise agreement. a significant loss of these agreements could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in arbitration or litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation. this has from time to time given rise to disagreements with hotel owners and franchisees, and may give rise to such disagreements in the future, including over the need for or payment for new product, service, or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for operating costs, system costs, or other amounts. we have seen, and may in the future see, an increase in such disagreements with hotel owners and franchisees during periods when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements and to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners, franchisees, and real estate investment partners, but we cannot always do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in arbitration or litigation, and could do so in the future. we could suffer significant losses, reduced profits, or constraints on our operations as the result of adverse dispute resolution outcomes.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com, priceline.com, booking.com, travelocity.com, orbitz.com, and ctrip.com, and other online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although our best rate guarantee and member rate programs have helped limit guest preference shift to intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google, bing, yahoo, and baidu to steer guests toward their websites. our business and profitability could be harmed to the extent that online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our direct online channels, or through their fees, increasing the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. at the same time, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have two- to three- year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways, including by reducing bookings or making our brands less attractive to hotel owners.
our growth strategy depends upon attracting third-party owners and franchisees to our platform, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable to us, depending on the terms offered by our competitors. adding properties to our system entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. our ability to attract and retain owners and franchisees and the terms of our management and franchise agreements are influenced by the needs and preferences of owners and franchisees and the offerings otherwise available to owners and franchisees in the market, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to renew agreements or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
the effects of, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws, regulations and government policies may disrupt our business, lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, or damage our reputation. we, the hotels that we franchise or manage, and the programs that we offer, are subject to or affected by a variety of laws, regulations and government policies around the globe, including, among others, those related to employment practices; marketing and advertising efforts; trade and economic sanctions; anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering; intellectual property; cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization, data transfers, and the handling of personally identifiable information; competition; climate and the environment; health and safety; liquor sales; the offer and sale of franchises; and credit card products. these laws, regulations, and government policies may be complex and change frequently and could have a range of adverse effects on our business. the compliance programs, internal controls, and policies we maintain and enforce may need to be updated regularly to keep pace with changing laws, regulations and government policies and may not prevent our associates, contractors, or agents from materially violating applicable laws, regulations, and government policies. the requirements of applicable laws, regulations, and government policies, our failure to meet such requirements (including investigations and publicity resulting from actual or alleged failures), or actions we take to comply with such requirements or investigations could have significant adverse effects on our results of operations, reputation, or ability to grow our business.
exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies in connection with our operations outside of the u.s. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-u.s. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. as a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a material negative effect on our financial results. to the extent that our international operations continue to grow, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow. even though we enter into foreign exchange hedging arrangements for some of the currencies in which we do business, exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our results. our hedging arrangements may also create their own costs and risks, in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements, and counterparty risk.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. many factors can affect the reputation and value of our company or one or more of our properties or brands, including our ability to protect and use our brands and trademarks; our properties' adherence to service and other brand standards; our approach to, or incidents involving, matters related to food quality and safety, guest and associate safety, health and cleanliness, sustainability and climate impact, supply chain management, inclusion and belonging, human rights, and support for local communities; and our compliance with applicable laws. reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands, and our properties, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations, proceedings or penalties, or litigation. negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, loss of development opportunities, adverse government attention, adverse reaction from owners and franchisees, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
actions by our franchisees and licensees or others could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, and residential properties, and with respect to our credit card programs and other offerings, and enter into marketing and other strategic collaborations with other companies. under the terms of their agreements with us, these third parties interact directly with guests and others under or in connection with our brand and trade names. if these third parties fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including a data or privacy incident, or a circumstance involving guest or associate health or safety; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, then our image and reputation could suffer. although our agreements with these parties generally provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, it could be expensive or time-consuming for us to pursue such remedies and even if we are successful in pursuing such remedies, that may not be sufficient to mitigate reputational harm to us. we also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party.
collective bargaining activity and strikes could materially disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. a significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. if relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, then the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations that cause a significant impact. numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and our ability in the past to resolve such negotiations does not mean that we will be able to resolve future negotiations without significant strikes or disruptions, or on terms that we consider reasonable. labor disputes and disruptions sometimes result in adverse publicity or regulatory investigations and adversely affect operations and revenues at affected hotels. in addition, labor disputes and disruptions or increased demands from labor unions can sometimes harm our relationship with our associates, result in increased regulatory requirements or inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm our relationships with our guests and customers, divert management attention, and reduce customer demand for our services, all of which could have a significant adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses and legal costs, and could impose limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. we do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by the operators of our franchised properties. increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation, or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability, or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies.
our business could suffer if we cannot attract and retain associates or as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for personnel. we have in the past experienced, and could in the future experience, challenges hiring for certain positions due to various factors, such as increasing wage expectations or competition for labor from other industries, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of associates, we could experience significant negative impacts on our operations, associate morale and turnover, guest satisfaction, or our internal control environment. insufficient numbers of associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our business. labor shortages have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in higher wages and initial hiring costs, increasing our labor costs and labor costs at our hotels, which could reduce our revenues and profits. in addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business.
extreme weather, natural disasters, climate change, and sustainability-related concerns have impacted our business in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. we are subject to the risks associated with extreme weather, natural disasters, and climate change, including the impacts of the physical effects of climate change, changes in laws and regulations related to climate change and sustainability, and changing consumer preferences. we have seen a decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging as a result of natural disasters and extreme weather in some locations where we manage, franchise, own or lease properties or in areas of the world from which we draw guests, and the prevalence and impact of these events may increase or worsen in the future. natural disasters, extreme weather, and other physical impacts of climate change (including rising sea levels, extreme hot or cold weather, flooding, water shortages, fires, and droughts) have in the past and could in the future result in increases in related insurance, energy or other operating costs, and physical damage to our hotels that might not be covered by insurance and might prevent or limit the operations of the property. significant costs could be involved in improving the efficiency and climate resiliency of our hotels and otherwise preparing for, responding to, and mitigating the physical effects of climate change or sustainability-related concerns. compliance with climate-related legislation and regulation, and our efforts to achieve science-based emissions reduction targets or other sustainability initiatives, could also be complex and costly. growing public recognition of the dangers of climate change and other sustainability-related concerns may affect customers' travel choices, including their frequency of travel. as a result of the foregoing, we may experience reduced demand, significant increased operating and compliance costs, operating disruptions or limitations, constraints on our room growth, and physical damage to our hotels, all of which could adversely affect our profits and growth, as we have seen in the past to some extent.
insurance may not cover damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise, or other aspects of our business, and the cost of such insurance could increase. we require comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. we also require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, pandemics, or liabilities that result from incidents involving the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable, or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. as a result, we, our hotel owners, and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. for example, over the past several years following the severe and widespread damage caused by natural disasters, coupled with continued large global losses, the property, liability, and other insurance markets have seen significant cost increases. further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations.
if our brands, goodwill, or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. as of december 31, 2023, we had $18.1 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in guests' perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial condition and results of operations.
our loyalty program plays a significant role in our business and unfavorable developments affecting the program could adversely affect our business and results of operations. our loyalty program is an important aspect of our business. our loyalty program faces significant competition from the loyalty programs offered by other hospitality companies, as well as from loyalty programs offered by online travel platforms, bank travel programs, and others. there is significant competition among loyalty programs in terms of the value and utility of program currency, rewards ranges and values, and other terms and conditions. if we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive loyalty program, whether because of changes we make to the program or changes that result from external factors (including changes in law or regulation), our ability to acquire, engage and retain members in our loyalty program and our ability to operate other programs (including our co-branded credit card program) may be adversely impacted, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
development and financing risks our hotel owners and franchisees depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and they may be unable to access capital when necessary. current and potential hotel owners and franchisees must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. the availability of funds for new investments, and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners and franchisees depends in large measure on their ability to access the capital markets, over which we have little control. obtaining financing on attractive terms has been, and may in the future be further, constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing availability, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy and rate, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, demand for and availability of construction resources, and other disruptive conditions in global, regional, or local markets.
our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. we have a number of owned and leased properties and investments in joint ventures that own properties, which are each subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. we may seek to sell some of these properties over time; however, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell and we may not be able to complete assets sales at prices we find acceptable or at all. moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated, if any, by the particular properties, and the expenses incurred. a variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including local market conditions and new supply of hotels and other lodging products, availability and costs of staffing, governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. our real estate investments have been, and could in the future be, impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. if our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses and make needed capital expenditures, our income could be adversely affected, and we could be required to record additional significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. we participate, through licensing agreements, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with many of our luxury and premium brands. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that: (1) changes in residential real estate demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future project developers of the value added by our brands; and (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay.
more hotel projects in our development pipeline may be cancelled or delayed in opening, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction, hotels subject to signed contracts, and hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including the other risks described in this section. we have seen construction timelines for pipeline hotels lengthen due to various factors, including challenges related to financing, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future.
accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in new hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties impact our profits. at times, we make loans for hotel development, acquisition, or renovation expenditures when we enter into or amend management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders with financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we have suffered losses, and could suffer losses in the future, when hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot meet required debt service payments or repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and foreclose on the property, or the owners could declare bankruptcy, as we have seen in the past and could see in the future. in some cases, such foreclosures or bankruptcies have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in the termination of our management or franchise agreements, eliminating our anticipated income and cash flows, which could have a significant negative effect on our results of operations.
technology, information protection, and privacy risks any disruption in the functioning of our reservation, loyalty program, or other core operational systems could adversely affect our performance and results. in the operation of our business, we manage or use sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, customer relationship management, analytics, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. the cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of these technologies and systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we or our third-party service providers fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to these systems. disruptions in or changes to these systems, including during upgrades or replacements, could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, customer relationship management, analytics, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our loyalty program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. we have underway a multi-year initiative to upgrade certain of our core technologies and systems, as these and other technologies and systems described in this risk factor must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis. our business could suffer if we cannot refine, update, and/or replace technologies and systems as quickly or effectively as our competitors, sufficiently in advance of obsolescence or performance failure or degradation, or within budgeted costs and time frames. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new or upgraded technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower guest satisfaction or could impair our operating results. our business could also suffer if the use of technologies that provide alternatives to in-person meetings and events results in a decrease in demand for our lodging properties.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data. in the operation of our business, we collect, store, use, and transmit large volumes of personal data regarding associates, guests, customers, owners, licensees, franchisees, and our own business operations, including credit card numbers, reservation and loyalty data, and other personal data, in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, and other third parties. the integrity and protection of this personal data is critical to our business. our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, and other third parties will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal data. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by global laws and governmental regulation, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry continue to become increasingly stringent in many jurisdictions in which we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, and other third parties may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations; we and/or these third parties may require significant additional investments or time to do so; and security controls that we and/or these third parties may implement sometimes do not operate effectively or as intended. we have incurred and may in the future incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance, we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to payment obligations and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand.
the data security incident, and other information security incidents, could have numerous adverse effects on our business. as a result of the data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database that we disclosed in november 2018 (the "data security incident"), numerous lawsuits were filed against us, as described further in note 7. we may be named as a party in additional lawsuits and other claims may be asserted by or on behalf of guests, customers, hotel owners, stockholders, or others seeking monetary damages or other relief related to the data security incident. a number of federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities made inquiries, opened investigations, or requested information and/or documents related to the data security incident, including under various data protection and privacy regulations. responding to and resolving these lawsuits, claims, and/or investigations has resulted in payments and other expenses, such as the £18.4 million payment imposed by the information commissioner's office in the united kingdom (the "ico") in connection with the ico's final decision issued in october 2020, and could result in material additional payments or remedial or other expenses. other governmental authorities investigating or seeking information about the data security incident have imposed and may further impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our costs or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. significant management time and company resources have been, and will continue to be, devoted to matters related to the data security incident. future publicity or developments related to the data security incident, including as a result of subsequent reports or regulatory actions or developments, could have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of consumer confidence, reduced consumer demand, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, and associate retention and recruiting difficulties. insurance coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident may be costly and may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including the final payment imposed by the ico and any other payments, fines or penalties) related to the data security incident, and certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program.
additional cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business. we have implemented enhanced security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as we have seen in the past, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. security measures implemented by our service providers or our owners, franchisees, licensees, other third parties or their service providers also may not be sufficient, as we have seen in the past. efforts to hack or circumvent security measures, efforts to gain unauthorized access to, exploit or disrupt the operation or integrity of our data or systems, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, "ransomware" or other malware, "supply chain" attacks, "phishing" or other types of business communications compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data have impacted, and may in the future impact, our information systems and records or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, or other third parties. security measures, no matter how well designed or implemented, may only mitigate and not fully eliminate risks, and security events, when detected by security tools or third parties, may not always be immediately understood or acted upon. our reliance on computer, internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. our increased reliance on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems increases the company's exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. we have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of our data or systems, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. any additional significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, franchisee, licensee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory and other consequences, including remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. depending on the nature and scope of the event, future compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, or other third parties, or other future disruptions or compromises of data or systems, could lead to future interruptions in, or other adverse effects on, the operation of our systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, service providers, or other third parties. this could result in operational interruptions and/or outages and a loss of profits, as well as negative publicity and other adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, loss of consumer confidence, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our loyalty program, litigation, diminished associate satisfaction, and/or retention and recruiting difficulties, all of which could materially affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
because we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, additional incidents or the failure to detect and appropriately respond to additional incidents could magnify the severity of the adverse effects on our business. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems change frequently, can be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, which could also magnify the severity of these adverse effects. we cannot assure you that all potential causes of past significant incidents have been identified and remediated; additional measures may be needed to prevent significant incidents in the future. the steps we take may not be sufficient to prevent future significant incidents and as a result, such incidents may occur again. although we carry cyber insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient or available to cover all expenses or other losses (including payments to regulatory authorities) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyberattacks, security compromises, and other related incidents. furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs and increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation. we are subject to numerous, complex, and frequently changing laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information. various u.s. federal and state laws, data privacy and data security laws outside of the u.s., payment card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. significant legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes have been and could be issued in the future. compliance with changes in applicable data security and privacy laws and regulations and contractual obligations, including the need to respond to investigations into our compliance, has increased and may in the future increase our costs, and may restrict our business operations, increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation in the event of alleged noncompliance, and adversely affect our reputation.
changes in laws could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising (including through social media), and postal mailings. any further legal restrictions under various u.s. federal, state, or international laws, or new international, federal, or state laws on marketing and solicitation or international privacy, e-privacy, and anti-spam laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising (including through social media), and postal mailing techniques and could require changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential guests and customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other companies' marketing materials. if access to these lists were to be prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new guests and customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
governance risk delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a stockholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of directors' consent for at least three years after the date the stockholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder rights plan.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for year-end 2022 compared to year-end 2021 can be found in part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, as filed with the sec on february 14, 2023 ("2022 form 10-k").
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties in 139 countries and territories under more than 30 brand names. under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: (1) u.s. & canada and (2) international. in january 2024, we modified our segment structure as a result of a change in the way management intends to evaluate results and allocate resources within the company. beginning with the 2024 first quarter, we will report the following four operating segments: (1) u.s. & canada, (2) europe, middle east, and africa, (3) asia pacific excluding china, and (4) greater china. our caribbean and latin america operating segment will not meet the applicable criteria for separate disclosure as a reportable business segment, and as such, we will include its results in "unallocated corporate and other."
terms of our management agreements vary, but our management fees generally consist of base management fees and incentive management fees. base management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue. incentive management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of a hotel profitability measure, and, in many cases (particularly in our u.s. & canada, europe, and caribbean & latin america regions), are subject to a specified owner return. under our franchise agreements, franchise fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue or a portion thereof. additionally, we earn franchise fees for the use of our intellectual property, including primarily co-branded credit card fees, as well as timeshare and yacht fees, residential branding fees, franchise application and relicensing fees, and certain other licensing fees, which we refer to as "non-revpar related franchise fees."
performance measures we believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues, and should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available, measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels. revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics are on a systemwide basis for comparable properties, unless otherwise stated. comparisons to prior periods are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2022 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (1) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (2) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (3) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption. for 2023 compared to 2022, we had 5,375 comparable u.s. & canada properties and 1,704 comparable international properties.
business trends we saw strong global revpar improvement throughout 2023 compared to 2022. in 2023, worldwide revpar increased 14.9 percent compared to 2022, reflecting adr growth of 5.8 percent and occupancy improvement of 5.5 percentage points. the increase in revpar was driven by improvement in all customer segments.
in the u.s. & canada, revpar improved 8.9 percent in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by adr growth of 4.7 percent and occupancy improvement of 2.7 percentage points. as we returned to more normalized year over year revpar comparisons during the year, revpar growth began to stabilize in the 2023 last three quarters.
in our international segment, revpar improved 32.6 percent in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by adr growth of 9.7 percent and occupancy improvement of 11.7 percentage points. the improvement in revpar compared to 2022 was driven by strengthening demand, particularly in greater china and asia pacific excluding china, which were impacted by covid-19 and government-imposed travel restrictions for much or all of 2022.
starwood data security incident on september 23, 2016, we completed the acquisition of starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, llc, formerly known as starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, inc. ("starwood"), through a series of transactions, after which starwood became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. on november 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the starwood reservations database (the "data security incident"). we discontinued use of the starwood reservations database for business operations at the end of 2018.
we are currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already recorded. however, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants) related to the data security incident. in addition, certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program. we expect to incur ongoing legal and other expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, and we believe it is reasonably possible that we may incur additional monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants in excess of the amounts already recorded and costs in connection with compliance with any settlements or resolutions of matters. see note 7 for additional information related to legal proceedings and governmental investigations related to the data security incident.
system growth and pipeline our system grew from 8,288 properties (1,525,407 rooms) at year-end 2022 to 8,785 properties (1,597,380 rooms) at year-end 2023. the increase compared to year-end 2022 reflected gross additions of 558 properties (81,281 rooms), including 149 properties (17,300 rooms) from the city express brand acquisition, and deletions of 63 properties (9,430 rooms). our 2023 gross room additions included approximately 60,500 rooms located outside u.s. & canada and roughly 16,300 rooms converted from competitor brands.
at year-end 2023, we had nearly 3,400 hotels and roughly 573,000 rooms in our development pipeline, which includes over 21,000 rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. more than 232,000 rooms in the pipeline, or 41 percent, were under construction at year-end 2023, including approximately 37,000 rooms from the exclusive, long-term strategic licensing agreement with mgm resorts international that we announced in july 2023. over half of the rooms in our development pipeline are outside u.s. & canada.
in 2023, we signed a record number of management, franchise and license agreements for approximately 164,000 organic rooms, of which nearly 65,000 rooms are conversions and approximately 91,000 rooms are located in the u.s. and canada, in each case, including 37,000 rooms under our agreement with mgm resorts international discussed above. contracts signed in 2023 reflected the company's strength in the luxury tier, with 58 luxury hotel agreements signed. in 2023, we also entered the midscale segment through the city express brand acquisition discussed above, and announced our plans for further midscale expansion with the launch of two new brands, four points express by sheraton and studiores.
in 2024, we expect net rooms growth of 5.5 to 6.0 percent, including an anticipated 2.3 percent increase as a result of the expected addition of rooms to our system under our agreement with mgm resorts international discussed above. the first of such mgm properties joined our system in january 2024, and the remaining properties are expected to join by the end of the 2024 first quarter.
properties and rooms at year-end 2023, we operated, franchised, and licensed the following properties and rooms:
managed                                                                         franchised/licensed                                           owned/leased                                            residential                                                 total properties                 rooms                         properties                           rooms                 properties               rooms                         properties               rooms                         properties                      rooms u.s. &amp; canada       624                        215,246                      5,259                          752,630                        13                     4,339                           69                     7,416                        5,965                      979,631
international           1,422                      360,717                      1,210                          218,830                        37                     8,776                           57                     6,532                        2,726                      594,855
timeshare               -                          -                               93                           22,745                         -                     -                                -                     -                               93                       22,745
yacht                   -                          -                                1         149                                              -                     -                                -                     -                                1         149
total                   2,046                      575,963                      6,563                          994,354                        50                     13,115                         126                     13,948                       8,785                    1,597,380
lodging statistics the following table presents revpar, occupancy, and adr statistics for comparable properties for 2023, and 2023 compared to 2022. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
revpar                                              occupancy                                      average daily rate
2023                                                                     vs. 2022               2023                vs. 2022               2023                                         vs. 2022
comparable company-operated properties u.s. &amp; canada                              $171.81                  10.2    %           68.9   %                3.7    %        pts.              $249.25                           4.3    %
greater china                                   $88.18                  80.3    %           68.9   %               22.4    %        pts.              $128.03                          21.7    %
asia pacific excluding china                   $117.33                  41.9    %           69.5   %               11.5    %        pts.              $168.86                          18.4    %
caribbean &amp; latin america                  $168.44                  13.8    %           64.0   %                4.4    %        pts.              $263.19                           6.0    %
europe                                         $183.67                  21.2    %           70.7   %                7.7    %        pts.              $259.65                           8.0    %
middle east &amp; africa                       $128.99                  12.5    %           67.6   %                3.2    %        pts.              $190.71                           7.2    %
international - all (1)                        $120.78                  35.6    %           68.8   %               13.1    %        pts.              $175.62                           9.7    %
worldwide (2)                                  $142.69                  21.2    %           68.8   %                9.1    %        pts.              $207.27                           5.1    %
comparable systemwide properties u.s. &amp; canada                              $128.25                   8.9    %           69.8   %                2.7    %        pts.              $183.83                           4.7    %
greater china                                   $82.77                  78.6    %           67.9   %               22.2    %        pts.              $121.91                          20.2    %
asia pacific excluding china                   $117.89                  43.2    %           69.4   %               10.9    %        pts.              $169.93                          20.7    %
caribbean &amp; latin america                  $142.85                  13.9    %           64.7   %                4.2    %        pts.              $220.73                           6.5    %
europe                                         $142.88                  21.8    %           68.7   %                8.3    %        pts.              $207.86                           7.2    %
middle east &amp; africa                       $120.67                  14.7    %           66.6   %                2.9    %        pts.              $181.18                           9.7    %
international - all (1)                        $116.81                  32.6    %           67.9   %               11.7    %        pts.              $172.05                           9.7    %
worldwide (2)                                  $124.70                  14.9    %           69.2   %                5.5    %        pts.              $180.24                           5.8    %
(1)includes greater china, asia pacific excluding china, caribbean & latin america, europe, and middle east & africa.
(2)includes u.s. & canada and international - all.
consolidated results the discussion below presents an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2023 compared to 2022. also see the "business trends" section above for further discussion.
fee revenues
($ in millions)                                 2023                    2022                                  change 2023 vs. 2022
base management fees                      $1,238                   $1,044                  $194                            19    %
franchise fees                             2,831                    2,505                   326                            13    %
incentive management fees                    755                      529                   226                            43    %
gross fee revenues                         4,824                    4,078                   746                            18    %
contract investment amortization            (88)                     (89)                     1                             1    %
net fee revenues                          $4,736                   $3,989                  $747                            19    %
the increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revpar and unit growth.
the increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher revpar, unit growth ($99 million), and higher non-revpar related franchise fees ($50 million). non-revpar related franchise fees of $832 million in 2023 increased primarily due to higher co-branded credit card fees ($55 million).
the increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at many managed hotels. in 2023, we earned incentive management fees from 68 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 61 percent in 2022. we earned incentive management fees from 31 percent of our u.s. & canada managed properties and 85 percent of our international managed properties in 2023, compared to 29 percent in u.s. & canada and 76 percent in international in 2022. in addition, 65 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2023 came from our international managed properties versus 58 percent in 2022.
owned, leased, and other
($ in millions)                                             2023   2022                                                   change 2023 vs. 2022
owned, leased, and other revenue                      $1,564                   $1,367                  $197                            14    %
owned, leased, and other - direct expenses             1,165                    1,074      91                                           8    %
owned, leased, and other, net                           $399                     $293                  $106                            36    %
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, increased primarily due to stronger results at our owned and leased properties, $46 million of higher termination fees, primarily related to one development project in u.s. & canada, and an estimated monetary payment of $31 million recorded in 2022 related to a portfolio of 12 leased hotels in the u.s. & canada, partially offset by $29 million of subsidies received in 2022 for certain of our leased hotels under german government covid-19 assistance programs.
cost reimbursements
($ in millions)                           2023   2022                    change 2023 vs. 2022
cost reimbursement revenue         $17,413                  $15,417      $1,996                               13    %
reimbursed expenses                 17,424                   15,141      2,283                                15    %
cost reimbursements, net             $(11)                     $276      $(287)                            (104)    %
cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) varies due to timing differences between the costs we incur for centralized programs and services and the related reimbursements we receive from property owners and franchisees. over the long term, our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. see note 2 for more information about the accounting for cost reimbursements, including our loyalty program.
the decrease in cost reimbursements, net primarily reflected loyalty program activity, primarily due to lower program revenues and higher program expenses, higher expenses related to our insurance program, and higher marketing expenses.
other operating expenses
($ in millions)                                     2023                  2022                                  change 2023 vs. 2022
depreciation, amortization, and other           $189                   $193                  $(4)                           (2)    %
general, administrative, and other             1,011                    891                   120                            13    %
merger-related charges and other                  60                     12                    48                           400    %
general, administrative, and other expenses increased primarily due to higher administrative and compensation costs and higher litigation accruals.
merger-related charges and other expenses increased primarily due to the data security incident discussed in note 7.
non-operating income (expense)
($ in millions)                            2023                  2022                                  change 2023 vs. 2022
gains and other income, net             $40                    $11                   $29                           264    %
interest expense                      (565)                  (403)                 (162)                          (40)    %
interest income                          30                     26      4                                           15    %
equity in earnings                        9                     18                   (9)                          (50)    %
gains and other income, net increased primarily due to a gain on the sale of a hotel in the caribbean & latin america region ($24 million).
interest expense increased primarily due to higher commercial paper borrowings and interest rates ($71 million), higher debt balances driven by senior notes issuances, net of maturities ($70 million), and higher interest rates on floating rate debt, including the effect of interest rate swaps ($19 million).
equity in earnings decreased primarily due to gains recorded in the prior year on the sale of properties held by equity method investees ($23 million).
income taxes
($ in millions)                  2023            2022                    change 2023 vs. 2022
provision for income taxes       $(295)                   $(756)         $461           61                       %
our tax provision decreased in 2023, compared to our tax provision in 2022, primarily due to intellectual property restructuring transactions completed during 2023 resulting in non-u.s. tax benefits ($228 million), the release of a tax valuation allowance as the company concluded it is more likely than not to recognize non u.s. tax benefits ($223 million), and the current year release of tax reserves ($103 million), which was mostly due to the completion of a prior year tax audit. the decrease was partially offset by the increase in operating income ($61 million).
business segments the following discussion presents an analysis of the operating results of our reportable business segments. also see the "business trends" section above for further discussion.
($ in millions)                  2023                    2022                                    change 2023 vs. 2022
u.s. &amp; canada segment revenues          $17,696                  $15,753                  $1,943                            12    %
segment profit              2,724                    2,446                     278                            11    %
international segment revenues            4,455                    3,486                     969                            28    %
segment profit              1,121                      794                     327                            41    %
properties                                                                                                     rooms december 31, 2023                december 31, 2022                                     vs. december 31, 2022   december 31, 2023                december 31, 2022                vs. december 31, 2022
u.s. &amp; canada       5,965                            5,846                                119                             2   %    979,631                          964,412                          15,219           2                        %
international           2,726                            2,348                                378                            16   %    594,855                          538,101                          56,754           11                       %
u.s. & canada u.s. & canada segment profit increased primarily due to the following:
•$313 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher revpar driven by increases in both adr and occupancy, unit growth, and higher profits at certain managed hotels; and
•$73 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting $57 million of higher termination fees, primarily related to one development project, and a $31 million estimated monetary payment recorded in 2022 related to a portfolio of 12 leased hotels;
partially offset by:
•$77 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses.
international international segment profit increased primarily due to the following:
•$373 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher profits at certain managed hotels, higher revpar driven by increases in both occupancy and adr in all regions, and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates;
•$24 million of higher gains and other income, net, primarily reflecting a gain on the sale of a hotel in the caribbean & latin america region ($24 million); and
•$3 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting stronger results at our owned and leased properties ($43 million), partially offset by subsidies received in 2022 for certain of our leased hotels under german government covid-19 assistance programs ($29 million);
partially offset by:
•$32 million of lower cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses; and
•$55 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily reflecting higher litigation accruals and higher compensation costs.
liquidity and capital resources our credit facility we are party to a $4.5 billion multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility"). available borrowings under the credit facility support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at sofr (the secured overnight financing rate) plus a spread based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. we classify outstanding borrowings under the credit facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings (which generally have short-term maturities of 45 days or less) as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. the credit facility expires on december 14, 2027.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to ebitda, each as defined in the credit facility) to not more than 4.5 to 1.0. our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and liquidity needs.
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. we believe the credit facility, and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements.
commercial paper we issue commercial paper in the u.s. because we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. we do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the credit facility and access to capital markets.
cash from operations net cash provided by operating activities increased by $807 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to higher net income (adjusted for non-cash items), working capital changes driven by accounts receivable timing, and higher cash generated by our loyalty program, partially offset by higher cash paid for income taxes. cash inflow from our loyalty program in 2020 included $920 million of cash received from the prepayment of certain future revenues under the 2020 amendments to our existing u.s.-issued co-branded credit card agreements, which reduced the amount of cash we received from these card issuers in subsequent years, until such reductions ended as of year-end 2023.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.4 to 1.0 at year-end 2023 and 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2022. we have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
investing activities cash flows capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital and technology expenditures of $452 million in 2023 and $332 million in 2022. capital and technology expenditures in 2023 increased by $120 million compared to 2022, primarily due to higher spending on our worldwide technology systems transformation, the overwhelming portion of which is expected to be reimbursed over time. we also had cash outflows of $101 million in 2023 due to the city express brand acquisition, which we discuss in note 3.
we expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion for 2024, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities (including approximately $250 million for maintenance capital spending). our anticipated capital and technology expenditures include $200 million of spending related to our option to purchase the land underlying the sheraton grand chicago, which we discuss in note 7.
dispositions. property and asset sales generated $71 million of cash proceeds in 2023 and $1 million in 2022.
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, generally subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. we have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity investments. over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan advances, net of loan collections, amounted to $16 million in 2023, compared to net collections of $3 million in 2022. at year-end 2023, we had $169 million of loans outstanding, compared to $162 million outstanding at year-end 2022.
financing activities cash flows debt. debt increased by $1,809 million in 2023, to $11,873 million at year-end 2023 from $10,064 million at year-end 2022, primarily due to the issuance of our series ll notes and series mm notes ($1,135 million) and series kk notes ($783 million), and higher outstanding commercial paper borrowings ($546 million), partially offset by the maturity of our series z notes and series u notes ($350 million and $291 million, respectively). see note 9 for additional information on senior notes issuances.
our long-term financial objectives include maintaining diversified financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2023, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 4.5 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 5.0 years. including the effect of interest rate swaps, the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.8 to 1.0 at year-end 2023.
see the "our credit facility" caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section for more information on our credit facility.
share repurchases and dividends. we repurchased 21.5 million shares of our common stock for $3.9 billion in 2023. year-to-date through february 9, 2024, we repurchased 1.3 million shares for $300 million. for additional information, see "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters, and issuer purchases of equity securities" in part ii, item 5.
our board declared the following quarterly cash dividends in 2023: (1) $0.40 per share declared on february 10, 2023 and paid on march 31, 2023 to stockholders of record on february 24, 2023; (2) $0.52 per share declared on may 12, 2023 and paid on june 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on may 26, 2023; (3) $0.52 per share declared on august 3, 2023 and paid on september 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on august 17, 2023; and (4) $0.52 per share declared on november 9, 2023 and paid on december 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on november 22, 2023. our board declared a cash dividend of $0.52 per share on february 8, 2024, payable on march 29, 2024 to stockholders of record on february 22, 2024.
we expect to continue to return cash to stockholders through a combination of share repurchases and cash dividends.
material cash requirements our material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements.
•at year-end 2023, we had $13,937 million of debt, including principal and future interest payments, of which $972 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2023. see note 9 for further information about our long-term debt.
•we enter into operating and finance leases primarily for hotels, offices, and equipment, which are discussed in note 8.
•at december 31, 2023, projected deemed repatriation transition tax payments under the u.s. tax legislation enacted on december 22, 2017, commonly referred to as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, totaled $243 million, of which $108 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2023.
•the company also had guarantees, a contingent purchase obligation, commitments, and letters of credit as of year-end 2023, which are discussed in note 7. with the exception of the sheraton grand chicago put option discussed in note 7, the majority of our remaining guarantee commitments are not expected to be funded within the next 12 months from year-end 2023. in addition to the purchase obligations discussed in note 7, in the normal course of business, we enter into purchase commitments and incur other obligations to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since our contracts with owners require reimbursement for these amounts, these obligations are expected to have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
new accounting standards we do not expect that accounting standard updates issued to date and that are effective after december 31, 2023 will have a material effect on our financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
see note 2 for further information related to our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty program, including how we estimate the breakage of hotel points, credit card points, and free night certificates, the volume of points and free night certificates that will be issued under our co-branded credit card agreements, the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled under our co-branded credit card agreements, and the stand-alone selling prices of goods and services provided under our co-branded credit card agreements. changes in these estimates could result in material changes to our liability for guest loyalty program and loyalty program revenue. based on the conditions existing at december 31, 2023 and holding other factors constant, a one percent decrease in our estimate of the breakage of points could result in an increase in the liability for guest loyalty program of approximately $50 million. the breakage impact may vary significantly depending on the specific loyalty program points for which the anticipated breakage changes.
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill. during the 2023 fourth quarter, we conducted our annual goodwill impairment test, and no impairment charges were recorded. the estimated fair values of all our reporting units significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets. during 2023, we evaluated our intangibles and long-lived asset groups for impairment and did not record any material impairment charges. the estimated fair values of all our indefinite-lived intangible assets significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination.
