item 1a. risk factors any or each of the events described below may (or may continue to) adversely affect the global economy or global financial markets, or our reputation, regulatory, customer, or other relationships, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows, statutory capital position, ability to meet our obligations, credit and financial strength ratings, financial condition, or the market price of our common stock. the effects may vary depending on timing, product, market, region or segment.
many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of any of them may cause others to emerge or worsen. such combinations could materially increase the severity of the cumulative or separate impact of these risks.
these risk factors do not describe all potential risks that could affect metlife. you should carefully consider the risk factors together with other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, including "business," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in "financial statements and supplementary data," and other reports and materials metlife submits to the sec.
economic environment and capital markets risks we may face difficult economic conditions market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, declining equity or debt markets, derivative prices and availability, real estate conditions, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer and government spending, government default or spending reductions to avoid default, business investment, climate change, public health risks, volatility, disruptions and strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation, and government actions in response thereto, may inhibit revenue growth, reduce investment opportunities and result in reduced investment returns or losses, derivative losses, reductions in fees generated, changes in insurance liabilities, impairments, increased valuation allowances, increases in reserves, reduced net investment income and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions.
higher unemployment, changes to inflation, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, greater government regulation, lower business investment, lower consumer spending, elevated incidence of claims, adverse utilization of benefits relative to our best estimate expectations, lapses or surrenders of policies, reduced demand for our products, and deferred or canceled payments of insurance premiums may negatively affect our earnings and capitalization.
interest rate risks some of our products and investments expose us to interest rate risks, including changes in the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates, which may reduce or eliminate our investment spread and net income.
interest rate increases may harm our profitability. during rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates required to stay competitive. this could result in a lower spread, lower profitability, decreased sales, and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. in addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns. this may result in cash outflows requiring the sale of investments on less favorable terms, resulting in investment losses and reductions in net income. reductions in net income may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants and rating agency assessment of our financial condition. interest rate increases may harm the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair value of fixed income securities, and may increase our daily settlement payments on interest rate futures and cleared swaps, resulting in increased cash outflows and liquidity needs. furthermore, if interest rates rise, our unrealized gains on fixed income securities may decrease and our unrealized losses may increase. we would recognize the accumulated change in estimated fair value of these fixed income securities in net income upon a sale, an intent to sell, a determination it is more likely than not we will be required to sell, or if the decline in estimated fair value is due to a credit loss. during inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls, which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. finally, an increase in interest rates may decrease fee income associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds.
table of contents low interest rates and risk asset returns may reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our liabilities for claims and future benefits, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures, decreasing our profit margins. during certain market events, such as a global credit crisis, a market downturn, or sustained low market returns, we may incur significant losses due to, among other reasons, losses incurred in our general account and the impact of guarantees, including increases in liabilities, capital maintenance obligations and collateral requirements. in addition, during periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to reinvest proceeds from certain investments at lower yields, reducing our investment spread. moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities and loans in our investment portfolio with greater frequency. although we may be able to lower interest crediting rates to help offset decreases in spreads, our ability to lower these rates is limited to our products that have adjustable interest crediting rates, which could be limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. as a result, our investment spread may decrease or become negative. reductions in net income from these factors may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants or rating agency assessment of our financial condition.
during periods of declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be more attractive investments to consumers, resulting in increased premium payments on certain products, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency, while our new investments carry lower returns. a market interest rate decline could also reduce our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations. during periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to increase our reserves.
the measures we take to mitigate the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, such as mitigating our fixed income investments relative to our interest rate sensitive liabilities, may not be sufficient. for some of our liability portfolios, we may not be able to invest assets at the full liability duration, thereby creating some asset/liability mismatch. in addition, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting may cause material changes to our net income and stockholders' equity because we record our non-qualified derivatives at fair value through earnings, while certain hedged items may follow an accrual-based accounting model or are recorded at fair value through other comprehensive income.
credit spread risks changes in credit spreads may result in market price volatility and cash flow variability. market price volatility may result in defaults and a lack of pricing transparency, and can make valuations of our securities difficult if trading becomes less frequent, which may require us to add to our reserves. an increase in credit spreads relative to u.s. treasury benchmarks may increase our borrowing costs and decrease certain product fee income. a sustained decrease in credit spreads could reduce the yield on our future investments. the discount rate used to calculate liabilities for future policy benefits includes a component for market credit spreads. changes in market credit spreads could result in volatility to liabilities for future policy benefits.
equity risks downturns and volatility in equity markets may harm our savings and investment products' revenues and investment returns, where fee income is earned based upon the fair value of our managed assets. our variable annuity and life insurance business is highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness or stagnation in the equity markets may decrease these products' revenues and earnings. furthermore, certain of our variable annuity and life products offer guaranteed benefits that increase our potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline or stagnate.
sustained declines in long-term equity returns or interest rates may harm the funding of our pension plans and other post-retirement benefit obligations. an increase in equity markets could increase settlement payments on equity futures and total rate of return swaps ("trrs"), which may increase our cash outflows and liquidity needs.
the timing of distributions from and valuations of our investments in leveraged buy-out funds, hedge funds, real estate ventures, real estate funds and other private equity funds depends on the performance of the underlying investments, distribution schedules, and the funds' need for cash. the amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from period to period and significant volatility may harm our returns and net investment income. in addition, downturns or volatility in the equity markets may decrease the estimated fair value of our alternative investments and equity securities.
real estate risks changes in leasable commercial space supply and demand, lessee behaviors, pandemics and other public health issues, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility, interest rate fluctuations, commodity prices, farm incomes, housing and commercial property market conditions, and real estate investment supply and demand may adversely impact our investments in commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans, and real estate equity investments including joint ventures.
table of contents political, obligor and counterparty risks our general account investments in certain countries could be adversely affected by volatility resulting from local economic and political concerns, as well as volatility in specific sectors. government entities may face budget deficits and other financial difficulties, which may harm the value of securities we hold issued by or under the auspices of such governments. in the u.s., a threat facing the economy is the continued disagreement over the federal debt limit and other budget questions. failure to resolve these issues in a timely manner could result in a government shutdown, erratic reduction in government spending or a default on government debt, which could result in increased market volatility and reduced economic activity.
the issuers or guarantors of fixed income securities and mortgage loans we own may default on principal and interest payments they owe us. additionally, the change in value of underlying collateral within instruments backed by securitized assets may result in a default on principal and interest payments, reducing our cash flows. the occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit spreads, or other adverse events may increase the default rate of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio.
many of our transactions with counterparties expose us to the risk of counterparty default. such credit risk may be exacerbated if we cannot realize on the collateral held by us in secured transactions or cannot liquidate such collateral at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. furthermore, potential action by governments and regulatory bodies, or lack of action by governments and central banks, as well as deterioration in the banks' credit standing, could negatively impact these instruments, securities, transactions and investments or limit our ability to trade with them.
our efforts to manage our total exposure to a single counterparty or limited number of counterparties within or among any of our investment, derivative, treasury, and reinsurance relationships, which we adjust from time to time, may not completely or adequately mitigate counterparty risks.
currency exchange rate risks fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar may adversely affect our non-u.s. dollar denominated investments, investments in non-u.s. subsidiaries, net income from non-u.s. operations and issuance of non-u.s. dollar denominated instruments. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may also make certain of our products less attractive to customers, which may increase levels of early policy terminations and decrease sales volume and our in-force business. such negative effects may be exacerbated if international markets experience severe economic or financial disruptions or significant currency devaluations, if a foreign economy is determined to be "highly inflationary," or if a country withdraws from the euro zone. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may harm our operations, earnings or investments in the affected countries.
we may be unable to mitigate the risk of such changes in exchange rates due to unhedged positions, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting resulting from derivative gains (losses) on non-qualifying hedges, the failure of hedges to effectively offset the impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation, or other factors. fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the translation of results into our u.s. dollar basis consolidated financial statements.
derivatives risks if our counterparties, clearing brokers or central clearinghouses fail or refuse to honor their obligations under our derivatives agreements, our risks may not be fully hedged. a counterparty, clearing broker, or central clearinghouse may become insolvent or otherwise unable or unwilling to make payments or to return collateral under the terms of derivatives agreements, increasing our costs. if the net estimated fair value of a derivative to which we are a party declines, we may need to pledge additional collateral or make increased payments. in addition, we may face increased costs to the extent we replace counterparties who suffer financial difficulties. furthermore, our derivatives valuations may change based on changes to our valuation methodology or errors in such valuation or valuation methodology.
terrorism and security risks the continued threat of terrorism, ongoing or potential military conflict and other actions, and heightened security measures may cause economic uncertainty and result in loss of life, property damage, additional disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. the value of our investment portfolio may be adversely affected by declines in the credit and equity markets and reduced economic activity caused by such threats. companies in which we maintain investments may suffer losses as a result of financial, commercial or economic disruptions, and such disruptions might affect the ability of those companies to pay interest or principal on their securities or mortgage loans. terrorist or military actions also could disrupt our operations centers and result in higher than anticipated claims under our insurance policies.
table of contents we may not meet our liquidity needs, access capital, or may face significantly increased cost of capital due to adverse capital and credit market conditions in cases of volatility, disruption, or other conditions in global financial markets, we may have to seek additional financing, the availability and cost of which could be adversely affected by market conditions, regulatory considerations, availability of credit to our industry generally, our credit ratings and credit capacity, reduced business activity, or investment losses, and the perception of our financial prospects. our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing we need on favorable terms or at all. we may be required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending or derivatives agreements or post collateral or make payments related to specified counterparty agreements.
our business and financial results may suffer without sufficient liquidity through impaired ability to pay claims, other operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital stock, cash or collateral to our subsidiaries, maintain our securities lending, replace certain maturing liabilities, sustain our operations and investments, and repurchase our common stock. capital and credit market volatility may limit our access to capital we need to operate, limiting our ability to raise capital, issue the types of securities we would prefer, timely replace maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory requirements, and access capital to grow our business, any of which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility.
we may be unable to access our credit facility, reducing our liquidity and leading to downgrades in our credit and financial strength ratings we may fail to comply with or fulfill all conditions under the unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") metlife, inc. and metlife funding, inc. maintain. lenders may fail to fund their lending commitments under the credit facility due to insolvency, illiquidity or other reasons.
we may lose business due to a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") and others may, at any time, downgrade our financial strength ratings or credit ratings, lower our ratings outlooks, increase the scope or frequency of their reviews, or increase capital or other requirements to maintain ratings. such changes could reduce our product sales, reduce cash flows from funding agreements and other capital market products, and force us to change product pricing and increase our financing costs, policy surrenders or withdrawals, collateral requirements, risk of derivative terminations, cost of reinsurance, regulatory scrutiny, or various other factors.
we may not find available, affordable or adequate reinsurance to protect us against losses reinsurers may increase our reinsurance costs, or may decline to offer us reinsurance, due to policy changes related to public health issues, market conditions, or other factors. our risk of loss may increase if we decrease the amount of our reinsurance. any of these could harm our ability to write future business or result in the assumption of more risk with respect to the policies we issue.
we remain liable and may incur costs as the direct insurer on all risks we reinsure as a result of a reinsurer's insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments, or inability or unwillingness to maintain collateral, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our statutory life insurance reserve financings costs may increase, and we may find limited market capacity for new financings if metlife's ratings decline, market capacity is limited, or on other repricing occasions, our costs to finance statutory life insurance reserves may increase. if regulators disallow assets to back statutory reserves, we would not be able to take some or all related statutory reserve credit, which may harm the statutory capitalization of certain of our insurance subsidiaries.
regulatory and legal risks changes in laws or regulation, or in supervisory and enforcement policies, may reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or otherwise adversely affect us insurance or other regulators may change licensing, permit, or approval requirements, or take other actions harmful to us. they may also take actions that harm our customers and independent sales intermediaries or their operations, which may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products.
table of contents governments may change regulation of financial services, insurance, variable annuities and variable life insurance, securities, derivatives, pension, health care, accounting, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, privacy and data protection, tort reform legislation, taxation, benefit plan investment advice and related fiduciary duties, antitrust as applied to the business of health insurance or otherwise, and other areas. laws and regulations may also affect customers, sales intermediaries, or others. we or others may fail to comply with these requirements or suffer adverse regulatory examinations or audits. regulators may also interpret rules differently from the way we have, or change interpretations of laws or rules, and legislators may change statutes. any of these changes may harm our ability to continue to offer the products we do today or to introduce new products.
we may incur costs to comply with laws and regulations and changes to these laws and regulations may increase our expenses and regulatory capital charges. our failure to comply with our own policies or with regulatory requirements may harm our reputation or result in sanctions or legal claims.
laws, regulations or regulatory actions may limit or change the type, amount or structure of compensation or benefits we offer our employees or others, or may limit or ban the use of non-competition agreements, which may harm our ability to compete in recruiting and retaining key personnel. we may also fail to fulfill our fiduciary or other benefit-related obligations completely.
compliance with solvency standards or financial condition regulations may increase our capital and reserve requirements, risk management costs, and reporting costs. see "business - regulation - state insurance regulation - surplus and capital" for a summary of the naic's developments related to financial condition regulation. we may be subject to enhanced capital standards, supervision and additional requirements, such as group capital standards or insurer capital standards. metlife, inc. could be compelled to undergo fdic liquidation if it becomes insolvent or is in danger of defaulting on its obligations, imposing greater losses on shareholders and unsecured creditors than under the bankruptcy code. this could also apply to financial institutions whose debt we hold and could harm the value of our holdings. we could be assessed charges in connection with a financial company liquidation.
our ability to react to rapidly changing economic conditions and the dynamic, competitive markets may be impaired if our product designs do not allow frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements, or if we are unable to work collaboratively with regulators. changes in regulatory approval processes, rules and other dynamics in the regulatory process could harm our ability to react to such changing conditions. rules on defined benefit pension plan funding may reduce the likelihood or delay corporate plan sponsors in terminating their plans or engaging in transactions to partially or fully transfer pension obligations. this could affect the mix of our pension risk transfers and increase non-guaranteed funding products.
governmental bodies may delay acting on or implementing regulatory or policy changes due to pandemics or other public health issues, or because they are attending to pandemic or public health issues rather than to other topics. this may increase uncertainty, prolong deleterious regulations and policies, delay or prevent beneficial regulatory or policy changes, and create the potential for later, more rapid changes to which we find it more difficult to adjust.
our new york insurance regulator's annual special considerations letter for year-end asset adequacy testing may impose unforeseen assumptions or requirements that require us to increase or release reserves, which could affect our statutory capital and surplus.
governments or others may increase our taxes by changing or re-interpreting tax laws, making some of our products less attractive to consumers changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes, reduce our earnings, and adjust the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. changes may increase our effective tax rate or have implications that make our products less attractive to consumers. tax authorities may enact laws, change regulations to increase existing taxes, or add new types of taxes, and authorities who have not imposed taxes in the past may impose taxes.
customers shifting away from employee benefits, life insurance and annuity contracts, or other tax-preferred products would reduce our income from these products and our asset base, reducing our earnings and potentially affecting the value of our deferred tax assets.
table of contents we may face increasing litigation and regulatory investigations legal or regulatory actions, inquiries or investigations, for metlife or our competitors, whether ongoing or yet to come, could harm our reputation, ability to attract or retain customers or employees, and business, financial condition, or results of operations, even if we or our competitors, ultimately prevail. regulators or private parties may bring class actions, individual suits, or investigations seeking large recoveries and alleging wrongs relating to sales or underwriting practices, claims payments and procedures, failure to adequately or appropriately supervise, inappropriate compensation contrary to licensing requirements, product design, disclosure, administration, investments, denial or delay of benefits, pandemic- or other public health-related practices, privacy and data protection, or data security incidents, discriminatory or inequitable practices, and breaches of fiduciary or other duties. we may be unable to anticipate the outcome of a litigation and the amount or range of loss because we do not know how adversaries, fact finders, courts, regulators, or others will evaluate evidence, the law, or accounting principles, and whether they will do so differently than we have.
our efforts to meet environmental, social, and governance standards and to enhance the sustainability of our businesses may not meet investors', regulators' or customers' expectations some of our shareholders, investors and customers, or those considering such a relationship with us, evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of esg standards and expectations. our practices and performance are subject to increasing scrutiny with regard to various aspects of esg performance from regulators and other stakeholders. further, we define our own corporate purpose, in part, by the sustainability of our practices and our impact on all our stakeholders.
our investors or others may evaluate our practices by esg criteria that are continually evolving and not always clear or readily measurable. these standards and expectations may also, as a whole, reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas and are not always susceptible to consensus. our decisions and priorities must also necessarily, and simultaneously, take account of multiple business goals and interests. our practices may not change in the particulars or at the rate some stakeholders expect. as a result, our efforts to conduct our business in accordance with some or all these expectations may involve trade-offs. in june 2022, we announced our commitment to achieve net zero greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions by 2050 or sooner. this commitment applies to ghg emissions from our global owned and leased offices and vehicle fleets, employee business travel, supply chain and general account investment portfolio, including the general accounts of metlife, inc.'s wholly-owned subsidiaries, where reliable data and methodologies are available. we have oriented our climate objectives and interim targets to advance this commitment, which involves assumptions and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. data and measurement techniques continue to evolve. further, because of the financed emissions included in our investment portfolio, our ability to meet our commitments is dependent on those counterparties meeting their own carbon reduction objectives. we may fail to meet our commitments or targets, and our policies and processes to evaluate and manage esg standards in coordination with other business priorities may not prove completely effective or fully satisfy expectations of some stakeholders. for example, some current customers and potential customers may decline to do business with us based on our sustainability practices and related policies and actions. we may also face adverse regulatory, investor, media, or public scrutiny leading to business, reputational, or legal challenges.
capital risks we may not be able to pay dividends or repurchase our stock due to legal and regulatory restrictions or cash buffer needs our financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries, general market conditions, the market price of our common stock compared to management's assessment of the stock's underlying value, applicable regulatory approvals, other legal and accounting factors, and any other factors our board deems relevant may preclude us from paying dividends or repurchasing our common stock.
other factors may affect our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. governments, investors or media may pressure us not to repurchase shares of our common stock or other securities, or prohibit us from doing so. our use of other means to return excess capital to shareholders may be less tax-efficient than repurchases. we maintain a buffer of cash and other liquid assets, and may increase it. as a result, we may have less capital to devote to other uses, such as innovation, acquisitions, development and return of capital to shareholders. we may also be restricted from repurchasing shares or entering into share repurchase programs at times, such as when we are aware of material non-public information.
table of contents if we do not pay dividends on our preferred stock or pay interest on our junior subordinated debentures or trust securities, terms of those instruments may restrict our ability to pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock. further, terms applicable to our floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, series a, junior subordinated debentures and trust securities may prevent us from paying dividends or interest on those instruments. we may not be able to eliminate these restrictions through the repayment, redemption or purchase of junior subordinated debentures or other securities.
our subsidiaries may be unable to pay dividends, a major component of holding company free cash flow if the cash metlife, inc. receives from its subsidiaries through dividends and other payments is insufficient for it to fund its debt service and other holding company obligations, metlife, inc. may have to issue debt or equity, or sell assets. metlife, inc. may also not meet its free cash flow or shareholder cash distribution goals.
insurance regulators may restrict dividends or other payments above certain amounts where their approval is required if they determine payments could be adverse to our policyholders or contractholders. business conditions, rating agency considerations, taxation, dividend and repatriation rules, and monetary transfer and foreign currency exchange rules may limit our insurance subsidiaries' dividends and other payments. we may need to transfer capital among our companies to comply with net worth maintenance or other support agreements, limiting capital available for other purposes.
investment risks we may face defaults, downgrades, volatility or other events that adversely affect the investments we hold in case of a major economic downturn, u.s. government default (or threatened default), acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit risk spreads, ratings downgrades or other events, our estimated fair value of our fixed income securities and loan portfolios and corresponding earnings may decline, and the default rate of our investment portfolio may increase. these changes could harm the issuers or guarantors of securities or the underlying collateral of structured securities that we hold. we may have to hold more capital to support our securities to maintain our rbc levels if securities we hold suffer a ratings downgrade. our intent to sell, or our assessment of the likelihood that we will be required to sell, fixed income securities may increase our write-downs or impairments. our realized losses or impairments on these securities may harm our net income.
the default rate, loss severity or other performance of our mortgage loan investments may change. any concentration of our mortgage loans by geography, tenancy or property type may have an adverse effect on our investment portfolio, the prices we can obtain when we sell assets, and our results of operations or financial condition. legislation or regulations that would allow or require modifications to the terms of, or impact the value of, mortgage loans or other investments could harm our investment portfolio.
major public health issues have affected and may continue to affect financial markets and our investment portfolio. these may continue to contribute to our risk of investment defaults, downgrades and volatility, asset impairments and lower variable investment income and returns, and may cause or exacerbate any of the investment risks we describe in these risk factors.
market volatility affects the value of or return on our investments. it may slow or prevent us from reacting to market events as effectively as we otherwise could. when we sell our investment holdings, we may not receive the prices we seek, and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value, due to reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption, or other reasons. borrowers may delay or fail to pay principal and interest when due, or may demand loan modifications. tenants may delay paying rent, or fail to pay it, or demand lease modifications. we may face moratoriums on foreclosures and other enforcement actions impairments, and loan or lease modifications, due to government action or market conditions. we may also encounter credit spread changes, increasing our borrowing costs and decreasing our product fee income. issuer or guarantor default rates may increase.
we may have difficulty selling holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner to realize their full value when we sell holdings in our investment portfolio, we may not receive the price we seek and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value. we may face unfavorable conditions in privately-placed fixed income securities, private structured credit, certain derivative instruments, mortgage loans, policy loans, direct financing and leveraged leases, other limited partnership interests, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, and real estate equity, including real estate joint ventures and funds. our investments may suffer reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption or for other reasons. in addition, central banks' efforts to provide market liquidity or otherwise address market conditions may not be successful or sufficient. we may realize losses that harm our financial metrics, which could harm our compliance with our credit requirements and rating agency capital adequacy measures.
table of contents we may face similar risks if we are required under our securities lending program to return significant amounts of cash collateral that we have invested. our securities lending activities and profitability may decrease.
we may have to pledge collateral or make payments in derivatives transactions we may have to pledge additional collateral and increase payments we make under our derivatives transactions. regulators, clearinghouses, or counterparties may restrict or eliminate eligible collateral, increase our collateral requirements, or charge us to pledge such collateral, which would increase our costs, reduce our investment income, and harm our liquidity.
we may change our securities and investments valuation, or take allowances and impairments on our investments, or change our methodologies, estimations, and assumptions during periods of market disruption or rapidly changing market conditions, such as significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, or infrequent trading, or when market data is limited, our assets may become less liquid. we may base our asset valuations on less observable and more subjective judgments, assumptions, or methods that may result in estimated fair values that significantly vary by period, and may exceed the investment's sale price. the estimated fair value of our securities may also decrease due to changes in valuation methods and assumptions.
business risks our actual claims or other results may differ from our estimates, assumptions, or models if our actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying underwriting, reserving, and other assumptions we used in establishing claim liabilities, we could be required to reduce value of business acquired ("voba"), increase our liabilities, or incur higher costs.
the amounts that we will ultimately pay to settle our liabilities, particularly when those payments may not occur until well into the future, may vary from what we expect. we may change our liability assumptions and increase our liabilities based on actual experience and accounting requirements. our operating practices and procedures that support our policyholders and contractholder obligation assumptions, such as obtaining, accumulating, and filtering data, and our use of technology, such as database analysis and electronic communications, may affect our reserve estimates. if these practices and procedures do not accurately produce the data to support our assumptions or cause us to change our assumptions, or if enhanced technological tools become available to us, we may change those assumptions and procedures, as well as our reserves. if any of our operating practices and procedures do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such deviations or errors may negatively impact our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. we may change our assumptions, models, or reserves due to changes in longevity. increases in the prevalence and accuracy of genetic testing, or restrictions on its use, may exacerbate adverse selection risks.
pandemics and other public health issues have caused and may continue to cause increased claims under many of our policies (for example, life, disability, leave, long-term care, major medical and supplemental health products), raising our resulting costs. governments or others may fail to produce accurate population and impact data that we use in our estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves, such as death rates, infections, morbidity, hospitalization, or illness. this may cause or exacerbate any of the risks related to our estimates or assumptions. pandemics and other public health issues may cause related or consequential long-term economic, social, political, policy, regulatory, business, demographic, or other changes to our claims or other areas subject to estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves. we may not accurately predict, prepare, and adjust to these changes.
we may face a variety of political, legal, operational, economic and other risks globally the global nature of our business operations exposes us to a wide range of political, legal, operational, economic and other risks, including: nationalization or expropriation of assets; imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies; restrictions on the ability to access cash on deposit, changes in laws, their application or interpretation; political instability; economic or trade sanctions; sanctions on cross-border exchange listing, investment or other securities transactions; dividend limitations; price controls; regulations to address climate change; currency exchange controls or other transfer or exchange restrictions; difficulty enforcing contracts; regulatory restrictions; and public or political criticism of our business and operations. some of these actions may affect us more harshly than our peers. some of our businesses operate in emerging markets, where many of these risks are heightened.
we face other risks that may affect our global operations and investments, including those related to the imposition of tariffs or other barriers to international trade, changes to international trade agreements, uncertainties in intergovernmental organizations, pension system reforms, labor problems with workers' associations or trade unions, and reliance on interconnected information systems and the security of such systems.
table of contents expanding our operations to new businesses or jurisdictions may require considerable management time and expenses before significant, if any, revenues and earnings are generated, which may reduce management and financial resources available for other uses. our operations in new or existing markets may be unprofitable or achieve low margins.
we may face competition for business competitive pressures, based on a number of factors including service, product features, scale, price, financial strength, claims-paying ratings, credit ratings, e-business capabilities, name recognition, performance against esg metrics, technology, adaptation in light of pandemics and other public health issues, changes in regulation and taxes, and other factors, may adversely affect the persistency of our products and our ability to sell products in the future. we may be harmed by competition from other insurance companies, as well as non-insurance financial services companies, which may have a broader array of products, more competitive pricing, higher claims paying ability ratings, greater financial resources with which to compete, or pre-existing customer bases for financial services products. additionally, we may lose purchasers of group insurance products that are underwritten annually due to more favorable terms from competitors. furthermore, the investment management and securities brokerage businesses have relatively low barriers to entry and continually attract new entrants. our customers and clients may engage other financial service providers, resulting in our loss of business.
an increase in consolidation activity among banks, brokers and broker-dealers may negatively impact the insurance industry's sales. it may increase competition for access to distributors, resulting in greater distribution expenses, and may impair our ability to market insurance products to or expand our current customer base. consolidation and other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will renegotiate agreements on terms less favorable to us.
in addition, legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment for our business may not impact all activities and companies equally, which could adversely affect our competitive position within the insurance industry and the broader financial services industry.
we face technological changes that present new and intensified challenges and may fail to foresee or adapt to these changes our business operations rely on functioning and secure information systems and those of our vendors. technological changes present us with new or intensified challenges, and if we are unable to foresee or adapt to these changes, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. for example, our assumptions, models and reserves may need to be modified if we are unable to accurately, timely, or completely process, store and retrieve the increased volume and variety of information relating to our businesses, including information related to deaths, that new technological tools for data collection and analysis make available.
similarly, our distribution channels may become more automated to increase flexibility of access to our services and products. we may incur significant costs to implement and adapt to such changes. if we are unsuccessful, our results of operations, competitive position, reputation and customer and distribution relationships may be harmed. steps taken to adapt to these changes, such as changes to the method of collection and analysis of data, could also expose us to litigation or other regulatory and legal actions.
technological changes may affect our business model and how we interact with existing or prospective customers, and evolving consumer preferences may require a redesign of our products and investment composition. for example, changes in energy technology and increasing consumer preferences for e-commerce may harm the profitability of some businesses. likewise, the growth and availability of artificial intelligence ("ai") technologies, including generative ai, presents significant opportunities but also complex challenges, including with respect to balancing and mitigating potential risks of harm posed by the development or deployment of ai technologies. we may fail to adjust our investments accordingly or suffer stranded assets. if we are unable to update our business model to match evolving consumer preferences and purchasing behavior, or the evolving technological landscape, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
new technologies may impact the configuration of our information systems, and how they connect with those of our vendors, service providers and/or partners. such technological developments may introduce or uncover information security vulnerabilities, which may result in breaches or increased costs associated with maintaining appropriate data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity measures or enforcement actions against us by regulators. any such vulnerability that results in a security breach or failure of our information systems, or those of third parties on which we rely, may result in litigation, regulatory action, negative impacts to our business operations, and reputational harm.
table of contents we may face catastrophes that affect liabilities for policyholder claims and reinsurance availability catastrophic events could increase claims, impair assets in or otherwise harm our investment portfolio, and could harm our reinsurers' financial condition, increasing reinsurance defaults. catastrophic events may also reduce economic activity in affected areas, which could harm our existing business or prospects for new business, or the value of our investments. the severity of claims from catastrophic events may be higher if property values increase due to inflation or other factors or our insured lives or property are geographically concentrated.
pandemics and other public health issues or other events, and governmental, business, and consumer reactions to them, may affect economic conditions and may cause a large number of illnesses or deaths. hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, tornadoes, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, floods and mudslides, blackouts and man-made events such as riot, insurrection, terrorist attacks or acts of war may also cause catastrophic losses and increased claims. any such catastrophes may also result in changes in consumer or business confidence, behavior and investment and business activity, changes to interest rates and other market risk factors, and governmental or other restrictions on economic activity for prolonged periods.
consistent with industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for claims arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses arising from the event. the liabilities we have established may not be adequate to cover our actual claim liabilities. our efforts to manage risks may be impeded by restrictions on our ability to withdraw from catastrophe-prone areas or on reinsurance transactions. we may be unable to obtain catastrophe reinsurance at rates we find acceptable, or at all. we may also be called upon to make contributions to guaranty associations or similar organizations as a result of catastrophes.
we may face direct or indirect effects of climate change or responses to it climate change may increase the frequency and severity of short-, medium-, or long-term weather-related disasters, public health incidents, forest fires, rising sea levels and pandemics, and their effects may increase over time. climate change regulation may harm the value of investments we hold or harm our counterparties, including reinsurers, or increase our compliance costs. our regulators may also increasingly focus their examinations on our management of climate-related risks.
we may need to fund deficiencies in our closed block, and may not re-allocate closed block assets the closed block assets established in connection with the mlic demutualization, their cash flows, and the revenue from the closed block policies may not be sufficient to provide for the policies' guaranteed benefits. if they are not, we must fund the shortfall. we may choose, for competitive or other reasons, to support policyholder dividend payments with our general account funds. such actions may reduce funds otherwise available for other uses.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or other long-lived assets or to establish a valuation allowance against our deferred income tax assets we may reduce our estimated fair value of business units, impairing our goodwill and charging net income, if prolonged market declines or other factors negatively impact the performance of our businesses.
we may write down long-lived assets if we conclude we will be unable to recover their carrying amount.
we may charge net income because we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not realize a deferred income tax asset based on the performance of the business and its ability to generate future taxable income. in addition, we may need to adjust the value of deferred tax assets and liabilities if tax rates change.
we may be required to impair voba, voda or vocra adverse changes to investment returns, mortality, morbidity, persistency, interest crediting rates, dividends paid to policyholders, expenses to administer the business, creditworthiness of reinsurance counterparties, significant or sustained equity market declines, significant changes to bond spreads, and certain other economic variables, such as inflation, could cause an impairment of the value of distribution agreements acquired ("voda"), voba or the value of customer relationships acquired ("vocra"). we may accelerate amortization or impair these assets in the period these occur.
we may face volatility, higher risk management costs, and increased counterparty risk due to guarantees within certain of our products our liabilities for guaranteed benefits, including no-lapse guarantee benefits, guaranteed minimum death benefits, guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits, guaranteed minimum income benefits, and certain minimum crediting rate features could increase if equity or fixed income funds decline or become more volatile, or interest rates decrease.
table of contents our derivatives and other risk management strategies to hedge our economic exposure to these liabilities may harm our results. our use of reinsurance, derivatives, or other risk management techniques may not sufficiently offset the costs of guarantees or protect us against losses from changes in policyholder behavior, mortality, or market events.
policyholders may also change their behavior in unexpected ways. for example, policyholders seeking liquidity due to economic uncertainty or challenges may withdraw or surrender, change their premium payment practices, exercise product options, or take other actions at rates different from those we expect.
operational risks our risk management policies and procedures, or our models, may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk our erm and business continuity policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed.
pandemics and other public health issues, and authorities' and people's reactions thereto, have resulted in and may continue to result in remote, hybrid and/or flexible office working arrangements and other unusual conditions. these may strain our risk management and our business continuity plans, introduce or increase our operational and cybersecurity risks, and otherwise impair our ability to manage our business. they may increase the frequency and sophistication of attempts at unauthorized access to our technology systems, or those of third parties on which we rely. they may hinder our efforts to prevent money-laundering or other fraud, whether due to limited abilities to "know our customers," strains on our programs to avoid and deter foreign corrupt practices, or otherwise, and may increase both our compliance costs and our risk of violations.
the assumptions, projections and data on which our risk management models are based may be inaccurate, and our models may not be suitable for their purpose, be misused, not operate properly, and contain errors. our decisions and model adjustments, including determination of reserves, are based on such model output and reports and may be flawed. we may fail to identify or remediate model errors adequately. our models may not fully predict future exposures or correctly reflect past experience.
our evaluation of markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. we may not effectively identify and monitor all risks or appropriately limit our exposures and our associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents may not follow our risk management policies and procedures. past or future misconduct by our associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents could result in investigations, violations of law, regulatory sanctions, and litigation. we may have to implement more extensive or different risk management policies and procedures due to legal and regulatory requirements.
our policies and procedures may be insufficient to protect us from operational risks we may make errors in any of the large number of transactions we process through our complex administrative systems. our controls and procedures to prevent such errors may not be effective. our controls and procedures to comply with and enforce contractual obligations may not always be effective. mistakes can subject us to claims from our customers.
if we are unable to obtain necessary and accurate information from our customers or their employees, we may be unable to provide or verify coverage and pay claims, or we may pay claims without sufficient documentation.
the controls of our vendors on whom we rely may not meet our standards or be adequate. our vendors could fail to perform their services accurately, consistently with applicable law or timely. our exchange of information with vendors may be imperfect, or our vendors may suffer financial or reputational distress. each of these may cause errors, misconduct, or discontinuation of services.
we may fail to escheat property timely and completely. as a result, we may incur charges, reserve strengthening, and expenses, regulatory examinations, or penalties.
our practices and procedures may, at times, limit our efforts to contact all our customers, which may result in delayed, untimely, or missed customer payments.
our associates, vendors, non-employee sales agents, customers, or others may commit fraud against us. our policies and procedures may be ineffective in preventing, detecting or mitigating fraud and other illegal or improper acts.
we may fail to attract, motivate and retain employees, develop talent, and plan for management succession. the institution of protocols relating to the covid-19 pandemic and policies relating to workplace flexibility may exacerbate these concerns. additionally, attrition could cause a lapse in implementation of policies and procedures.
table of contents notwithstanding our compliance with regulatory and accounting requirements in relation to internal controls and our conclusion that internal control over financial reporting is effective as of the date reported, the company's internal controls have in the past proved, and there is a risk that they may in the future prove, to be deficient or ineffective.
we may fail to protect the confidentiality and integrity of our data, including as a result of a failure in our cybersecurity or other information security systems or our disaster recovery plans or those of our vendors our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our information systems, and those of our service providers, vendors, and other third parties. our business relies on the proper functioning of these systems, including processing claims, transactions and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses, retaining customer and business records and other core business functions. a failure in the security of such systems, use by our employees or agents of unauthorized tools, software or other technology to communicate with customers or business counterparties or a failure to maintain the security of our internal or external vendors' systems, or the confidential information stored thereon, may adversely affect our ability to conduct business, result in regulatory enforcement action and litigation, and harm our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
we, our employees, and our vendors, like other commercial entities, continue to be targeted by or subject to computer viruses or other malicious code, unauthorized or fraudulent access, human errors, ransomware or cyber-attacks, and other breaches or incidents affecting our cybersecurity and information security systems. globally, the frequency, severity and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents have increased, and these trends may continue. while we have implemented, and we require our critical vendors to implement, what we believe to be reasonable and appropriate cybersecurity and data protection measures, including a formal risk-based information security program, our efforts to minimize the risk of cyber-incidents and protect our information technology may be insufficient to prevent material break-ins, attacks, fraud, security breaches or other unauthorized access to our and our vendors' systems, including as a result of software code that contains vulnerabilities that may increase the potential of cyber-attacks or unauthorized access. we may not timely detect such incidents. if we or our vendors fail to prevent, detect, address and mitigate such incidents, we may suffer significant financial and reputational harm. there is no assurance that our security measures or those of our vendors, including information security policies, administrative, technical and physical controls and other actions designed as preventative, will provide fully effective protection from such events.
in addition, we routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, including customers' confidential health-related information. although we attempt to keep such information confidential and secure, we may be unable to do so in all events, and we or our vendors may also fail to maintain adequate internal controls or comply with relevant policies and procedures designed to ensure the privacy and integrity of sensitive data. such failure may result in our or our vendors' intentional or unintentional disclosure or misuse of confidential information, as well as others' misappropriation of such confidential information, which could damage our reputation, reduce demand for our products and services and subject us to significant legal and regulatory liability and expenses, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we, our vendors, our reinsurers, and our customers may suffer disasters such as a natural catastrophe, epidemic, pandemic, industrial accident, blackout, computer virus, terrorist attack, ransomware or cyber-attack, or war, and ours or their disaster recovery systems may be insufficient to safeguard our ability to conduct normal business operations, obtain reinsurance and maintain our critical business or information technology systems in such circumstances, particularly if such disasters affect computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and/or destroy or otherwise adversely impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of valuable data or the financial wherewithal of reinsurers or vendors. our ability to conduct business effectively and maintain the security, integrity, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data could be severely compromised if, as a result of such disaster, key personnel are unavailable, or our vendors' ability to provide goods and services and our associates' ability to perform their job responsibilities are impaired. we may not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to protect us from all losses that may result from such interruptions, and any insurance for liability, operational and other risks may become less readily available or more expensive in the future.
we may not be able to reliably access all the documents and records in the information storage systems we use, whether electronic or physical. we may fail to obtain or maintain all the records we need to administer and establish appropriate reserves for benefits and claims accurately and timely. if a data breach exposed any of our sensitive financial information, then customers, investors, or regulators may develop an inaccurate perception of our financial condition or results of operations. we could be compelled to publicly disclose information prematurely in order to dispel such inaccurate perceptions, or in order to fulfill our disclosure obligations, even if we do not believe the information is yet completely reliable or confirmed per our usual internal controls and disclosure controls. this may result in harm to our reputation.
table of contents regulators' or others' scrutiny of cybersecurity, including new laws or regulations, could increase our compliance costs and operational burdens, especially as regulatory and legislative focus on cybersecurity matters intensifies, which could lead to more enforcement actions of such laws or regulations. see "business - regulation - cybersecurity, privacy and data protection regulation" for additional information. regulators, customers, or others may act against us for any cybersecurity failures. we also have an increasing challenge of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel to assist us in combating these security threats. our continuous technological evaluations and enhancements, including changes designed to update our protective measures, may increase our risk of a breach or gap in our security. we may incur higher costs to comply with laws on, or regulators' scrutiny of, our use, collection, management, or transfer of data and other privacy practices. we are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems and creating new systems and processes. however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents.
we may face changes in accounting standards authorities may change accounting standards that apply to us, and we may adopt changes earlier than required. changes in accounting rules applicable to our business may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. for a discussion of the impact of u.s. gaap accounting pronouncements issued but not yet implemented, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
our associates may take excessive risks our associates, including executives and others who manage sales, investments, products, wholesaling, underwriting, and others, may take excessive risks. our compensation programs and practices, and our other controls, may not effectively deter excessive risk-taking or misconduct.
we may have difficulty in or complications from marketing and distributing our products our product distributors may suspend, alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us if we change our strategy, if our business performance declines, as a result of rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks, or for regulatory or other reasons. our distributors may merge, change their business models in ways that affect us, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, and new distribution channels could emerge, harming our distribution efforts. distributors may try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to less favorable terms due to consolidation or other industry changes or for other reasons. disruption or changes to our relationships with our distributors could harm our ability to market our products.
our employees or unaffiliated firms or agents may distribute our products in an inappropriate manner, or our customers may not understand them or whether they are suitable.
we may change our pension and other postretirement benefit plans assumptions we may change our discount rate, rate of return on plan assets, mortality rate, compensation level or medical trends assumptions, harming our benefit plan estimates.
we may be unable to protect our intellectual property and may face infringement claims we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing on or misappropriating our intellectual property. we may incur litigation costs to enforce and protect it or to determine its scope or validity, and we may not be successful.
in addition, we may be subject to claims by third parties for infringement of intellectual property, breach of license usage rights, or misappropriation of trade secrets. we may incur significant expenses for any such claims. if we are found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party intellectual property right, we may be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or from utilizing and benefiting from certain intellectual property. alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties or implement a costly alternative.
table of contents risks related to acquisitions, dispositions or other structural changes we may face difficulties, unforeseen liabilities, asset impairments or rating actions from business acquisitions or integrating and managing growth of such businesses, dispositions of businesses, or legal entity reorganizations acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, joint ventures, and other structural changes expose us to a number of risks arising from, among other factors, economic, operational, strategic, financial, tax, legal, regulatory, and compliance. as a result, there can be no assurance that any acquisition, disposition or reorganization will be completed as contemplated, or at all. we may not realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other benefits of any transaction. effecting these transactions may result in unforeseen expenditures and liabilities or a performance different than we expected. the areas where we face risks include, among others, rights to indemnification for losses, regulatory, liquidity and capital requirements, loss of customers, distributors, vendors and key personnel, diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges or growth strategies from maximizing business value, and inability to realize anticipated efficiencies. our success in conducting business through joint ventures will depend on our ability to manage a variety of issues, including: (i) our exposure to additional operational, financial, legal, tax or compliance risks as a result of entry into certain joint ventures; (ii) our dependence on a joint venture counterparty given limits on our ownership or distribution requirements, as well as for resources, including capital and product distribution, may reduce our control over, financial returns from, or the value of a joint venture; and (iii) our counterparties' cooperation or their ability to meet obligations, or election to alter, modify or terminate a relationship.
reorganizing or consolidating the legal entities through which we conduct business may raise similar risks. our success in realizing the benefits from legal entity reorganizations will also depend on our management of various issues, including regulatory approvals, modification of our operations and changes to our investment portfolios or derivatives hedging activities.
any of these risks, if realized, could prevent us from achieving the benefits we expect from such transactions.
we may face risks related to our separation from brighthouse we may not realize any or all of the expected tax or other benefits of the brighthouse separation. brighthouse may not succeed, causing litigation or regulatory claims against us.
governance risks metlife, inc.'s board of directors may influence the outcome of stockholder votes on matters due to the voting provisions of the metlife policyholder trust our board of directors may be able to influence stockholder votes by virtue of the provisions of the metlife policyholder trust and the number of shares of metlife, inc. common stock held in it. trust beneficiary vote instructions are likely to have disproportionate weight on votes concerning certain fundamental corporate actions because the trustee will vote all the shares of common stock held by the trust in proportion to those instructions actually received.
we may incur regulatory, mailing, or other costs related to the termination of the trust, distribution of the common stock held in the trust to beneficiaries and the resulting increase in the number of shareholders with full voting rights. this increase may affect the outcome of matters brought to a stockholder vote and other aspects of our corporate governance.
state or federal laws, or metlife, inc.'s certificate of incorporation and by-laws, may delay, deter or prevent takeovers and business combinations state laws, federal laws and metlife, inc.'s certificate of incorporation and by-laws may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider favorable. these provisions may adversely affect the price of metlife, inc.'s common stock if they discourage takeover attempts.
stockholders' changes to metlife, inc.'s corporate governance may make it more difficult for the board of directors to protect stockholders' interests.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page forward-looking statements and other financial information               48
consolidated company outlook industry trends summary of critical accounting estimates                                 55
acquisitions and dispositions results of operations investments                                                              89
derivatives                                                             105
liquidity and capital resources                                         105
adopted accounting pronouncements                                       117
future adoption of accounting pronouncements non-gaap and other financial disclosures risk management                                                         121
table of contents forward-looking statements and other financial information for purposes of this discussion, "metlife," the "company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to metlife, inc., a delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. this discussion should be read in conjunction with "note regarding forward-looking statements," "risk factors," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" and the company's consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. see "note regarding forward-looking statements" for cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes references to our performance measures, adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, that are not based on gaap. see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for definitions and a discussion of these and other financial measures, and "- results of operations" and "- investments" for reconciliations of historical non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
consolidated company outlook our outlook reflects continued uncertainty around inflation and unemployment in 2024. we expect the u.s. dollar to stabilize around current levels.
based on the forward yield curve as of december 31, 2023, we expect long-term interest rates to remain largely unchanged in 2024 with the yield curve steepening, as short-term interest rates decline. we believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic scenarios. see "- industry trends - impact of market interest rates" for discussion of the mitigating actions the company has taken to reduce interest rate sensitivity, as market interest rates are a key driver of our results.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $5.2 billion of cash and liquid assets at the holding companies which is above the high end of our $3.0 billion to $4.0 billion holding company cash target. in 2024, we expect to maintain this holding company cash target.
our continued capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand a variety of economic conditions. we do not expect any material liquidity deficiencies, and we expect to remain able to comply with the financial covenants of our credit agreements. see "- liquidity and capital resources." we will continue reviewing accounting estimates, asset valuations and various financial scenarios for capital and liquidity implications. see "- investments - current environment" and "risk factors" for additional information.
assuming (i) interest rates following the observable forward yield curves as of december 31, 2023, including a 10-year u.s. treasury rate of 3.84% at december 31, 2024, (ii) s&p 500 equity index annual return of 5% over the near-term, and (iii) private equity annual returns between 7% to 10% over the near-term which is below our long-term historical returns of 12% and assumes continued pressure in the first quarter of 2024 before trending higher; we expect to maintain the two-year average annual ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings, excluding total notable items, at 65% to 75%.
further, based on the aforementioned assumptions, we are maintaining our target for adjusted return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") other than foreign currency translation adjustments ("fcta") and total notable items, of 13% to 15% over the near-term. lastly, we expect to exceed our goals to generate approximately $20.0 billion of free cash flow and make available an additional $1.0 billion to invest in growth and innovation, over the time period of 2020 through 2024.
based on our continued focus on expense discipline, building capacity to reinvest in growth initiatives and our overall efficiency mindset, we are lowering our full year direct expense ratio target, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers, from 12.6% to 12.3% over the near-term.
our outlook relies on the accuracy of our assumptions about future economic and business conditions, which can be affected by known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. we continually review our assumptions, implement mitigation plans, and take precautions. we may revise our outlook as we obtain more information regarding economic conditions, regulatory changes, and other events, and the impact of these events on our business operations, investment portfolio, derivatives, financial results and financial condition.
table of contents industry trends we continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment that has been affecting the industry.
financial and economic environment our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our market presence in numerous countries, our large investment portfolio and the sensitivity of our insurance liabilities and derivatives to changing market factors.
we are closely monitoring political and economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives, such as global inflation, supply chain disruptions, acts of war and banking sector volatility. we are also monitoring the imposition of tariffs, sanctions or other barriers to international trade, changes to international trade agreements, and their potential impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. see "- impact of market interest rates - effects of inflation," and "- investments - current environment."
governments and central banks around the world are using fiscal and monetary policies to address uncertain economic conditions. in the u.s., the federal reserve board and the federal open market committee took various actions in 2023 to promote economic stability and combat inflation, including raising interest rates, although rates have remained steady over the last few months, reflecting lower inflation. the european central bank and bank of england have been taking similar actions. in contrast, the bank of japan ("boj") has mostly kept its monetary policy settings on hold, reflecting a more cautious view on growth and inflation. the japanese yen has weakened against the u.s. dollar as monetary policy divergence has widened between the boj and the federal reserve board.
impact of market interest rates market interest rates are a key driver of our results. increases and decreases in such rates, as well as extended periods of stagnation, may impact our business and investments in various ways.
effects of inflation management believes that while inflation has not had a material effect on the company's consolidated results of operations, except insofar as inflation may affect interest rates, both rising interest rates and inflation will have a neutral to modest impact on our business. see "- impact of a rising interest rate environment" and "- interest rate scenarios."
an increase in inflation could affect our business in several ways. in our group life and disability businesses, premiums increase as compensation levels of our customers' employees increase. however, during inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. inflation also increases expenses for labor and other costs, potentially putting pressure on profitability if such costs cannot be passed through in our product prices. prolonged and elevated inflation could adversely affect the financial markets and the economy generally, and dispelling it may require governments to pursue a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy, which could constrain overall economic activity, inhibit revenue growth and reduce the number of attractive investment opportunities.
impact of a sustained low interest rate environment sustained periods of low u.s. interest rates may cause us to:
reduce the difference between interest credited to policyholders and interest earned on supporting assets ("gross margin");
reinvest investment proceeds in lower yielding assets and experience higher frequency prepayment or redemption of assets in our portfolio;
increase our reserves related to policy liabilities and potentially impair intangible assets;
reduce interest expense, change pension and other post-retirement benefit calculations, and change derivative cash flows and market values;
change our product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix; and
experience changing policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity.
table of contents for additional discussion on gross margin and interest rate assumptions, as well as the potential impact of low interest rates, see "- results of operations - consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022 - actuarial assumption review;" "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions - interest rate risks;" "risk factors - business risks - we may be required to impair voba, voda or vocra;" "risk factors - business risks - we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or other long-lived assets or to establish a valuation allowance against our deferred income tax assets;" and "risk factors - business risks - we may face volatility, higher risk management costs, and increased counterparty risk due to guarantees within certain of our products."
impact of a rising interest rate environment periods of rising u.s. interest rates may cause us to:
reinvest investment proceeds in higher yielding assets and experience lower frequency prepayment or redemption of assets in our portfolio;
decrease the value of our reserves related to policy liabilities;
increase interest expense, change pension and other post-retirement benefit calculations, and change derivative cash flows and market values; and
change our product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix.
for additional discussion on the potential impact of rising interest rates, see "risk factors - investment risks - we may change our securities and investments valuation, or take allowances and impairments on our investments, or change our methodologies, estimations, and assumptions."
management actions to manage the impact of a changing u.s. interest rate environment, we maintain diversification across products, distribution channels, and geographies while proactively evaluating interest rate and product strategies. in addition, we apply disciplined asset/liability management ("alm") strategies, including the use of derivatives. our ability to take such actions may be limited by competition, regulatory approval requirements, or minimum crediting rate guarantees and may not match the timing or magnitude of interest rate changes.
in addition to proactive management strategies, businesses within our latin america, emea, and asia (exclusive of our japan business) segments help manage impacts to our consolidated results given their limited u.s. interest rate sensitivity.
for additional discussion on interest rate risk management and our ability to change interest crediting rates or dividend scales, see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions - interest rate risks;" "- risk management;" and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures," as well as notes 5 and 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
interest rate scenarios to illustrate our sensitivity to u.s. interest rates, we compared the outcome of two hypothetical interest rate environments (the "declining interest rate scenario" and "rising interest rate scenario") relative to our baseline economic assumptions (the "base scenario") through 2026.
the declining interest rate scenario assumes u.s. interest rates for all maturities decline immediately on january 1, 2024 by 50 basis points compared to the base scenario through 2026. the rising interest rate scenario assumes u.s. interest rates rise immediately on january 1, 2024 by 50 basis points through 2026. other than changing u.s. interest rates through 2026, all other economic assumptions are equivalent in the base scenario, declining interest rate scenario and rising interest rate scenario.
table of contents the following table compares the most relevant interest rate assumptions for the dates indicated:
years ended december 31,
2024                                                                                            2025                                                                                            2026
base scenario                     declining       rising interest rate scenario                 base scenario                     declining       rising interest rate scenario                 base scenario                     declining       rising interest rate scenario interest rate scenario                                                                          interest rate scenario                                                                          interest rate scenario sofr                3.99%                         3.49%                               4.49%                         3.08%                         2.58%                               3.58%                         3.03%                         2.53%                               3.53%
10-year u.s. treasury                3.84%                         3.34%                               4.34%                         3.93%                         3.43%                               4.43%                         4.04%                         3.54%                               4.54%
30-year u.s. treasury                3.97%                         3.47%                               4.47%                         3.97%                         3.47%                               4.47%                         3.99%                         3.49%                               4.49%
hypothetical impact to net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses and adjusted earnings we estimate a net favorable impact to net derivative gains (losses) for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario. we hold significant positions in long-duration receive-fixed u.s. interest rate swaps, which are most sensitive to the 10-year and 30-year swap rates, to hedge reinvestment risk. we estimate a net unfavorable impact to net derivative gains (losses) for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario.
we estimate a net unfavorable impact to market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario. under the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario, we expect the market risk benefit ("mrb") reserves to increase due to discounting the future cash flows at a lower rate. we estimate a net favorable impact to market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario. under the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario, we expect the mrb reserves to decrease due to discounting the future cash flows at a higher rate.
we estimate a net unfavorable impact to consolidated adjusted earnings for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario. the negative impact of reinvesting cash flows in lower yielding assets is partially offset by lowering interest crediting rates and dividend scales on products, and additional derivative income. we estimate a net favorable impact to consolidated adjusted earnings for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario. the positive impact of reinvesting cash flows in higher yielding assets is partially offset by increased interest crediting rates and dividend scales on products and lower derivative income.
table of contents the following table summarizes the hypothetical impact on net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses and adjusted earnings for certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other, for the declining interest rate scenario:
years ended december 31,
2024                                                                                   2025                          2026
(in millions, net of income tax)
revenues net derivative gains (losses)                               $292                       $(50)                         $(23)
expenses market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses            $545                       $(7)                          $(10)
adjusted earnings group benefits                                                $3                       $(12)                         $(24)
ris                                                         (26)                       (20)                          (18)
asia (japan only)                                           (10)                       (24)                          (36)
metlife holdings                                            (15)                       (23)                          (41)
corporate &amp; other                                        (2)                       (17)                          (25)
total adjusted earnings impact                             $(50)                       $(96)                         $(144)
the following table summarizes the hypothetical impact on net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses and adjusted earnings for certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other, for the rising interest rate scenario:
years ended december 31,
2024                                                                                                            2025           2026
(in millions, net of income tax)
revenues net derivative gains (losses)                               $(177)                           $25                            $8
expenses market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses            $(466)                            $7                           $10
adjusted earnings group benefits                                                $(3)                           $12                           $24
ris                                                             24                            21                            20
asia (japan only)                                               10                            24                            38
metlife holdings                                                28                            26                            41
corporate &amp; other                                            5                            19                            25
total adjusted earnings impact                                 $64                          $102                          $148
segments and corporate & other the primary drivers impacting certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other, in the hypothetical interest rate scenarios are summarized below. our latin america, emea, and asia (exclusive of our japan business) segments are excluded given their limited u.s. interest rate sensitivity. for additional information regarding account values subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees, the maturity profile of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale ("afs"), and the yield on invested assets, see "- investments," and notes 5 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents group benefits declining interest rate scenario. our group life insurance products are primarily renewable term policies. this provides repricing flexibility to mitigate the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets.
our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. additionally, we experience gross margin compression from our disability policy claim reserves for which crediting rates cannot be reduced. we use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression for both products.
gross margin compression is limited for our group disability products, which are generally renewable term policies allowing for crediting rate adjustments at renewal based on the retrospective experience rating and the prevailing interest rate assumptions.
rising interest rate scenario. we reinvest our cash flows from our group insurance products in higher yielding assets, mitigating the impact of (i) higher interest crediting rates on, primarily, our retained asset accounts, and (ii) lower income from our derivative positions used to mitigate low interest rate margin compression.
retirement and income solutions this business contains both short- and long-duration products consisting of capital market products, pension risk transfers, structured settlements, and other benefit funding products.
the two hypothetical interest rate scenarios do not assume any additional alm actions we may take to preserve margins.
declining interest rate scenario. a significant portion of short-duration products are managed on a floating rate basis, which mitigates gross margin compression. our long-duration products have very predictable cash flows and we use both interest rate derivatives and asset/liability duration matching to mitigate gross margin compression. these mitigating strategies partially offset the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets. based on our investment portfolios and expected cash flows, only a small portion of invested assets are subject to reinvestment risk through 2026.
rising interest rate scenario. our long-duration products, which have very predictable cash flows, benefit from reinvesting in higher yielding assets, which is partially offset by the negative impact of lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment. a significant portion of our short-duration products are managed on a floating rate basis. the negative impact of higher crediting rates on these short-duration products is partially offset by higher income from derivative positions designed to protect against a rising interest rate environment.
asia (japan only)
declining interest rate scenario. our japan business offers traditional life insurance and accident & health products, many of which are u.s. dollar denominated. we experience gross margin compression to the extent our investment portfolios are u.s. interest rate sensitive and we are unable to offset the impact by lowering interest crediting rates. additionally, we manage interest rate risk on our life products through a combination of product design features and alm strategies.
our japan business also offers u.s. dollar denominated annuities which are predominantly single premium products with crediting rates set upon issuance. this allows for tightly managing product alm, cash flows and net spreads, which mitigates interest rate risk.
rising interest rate scenario. for u.s. dollar denominated products, higher reinvestment rates on cash flows from these products more than offset the negative impacts of (i) higher interest crediting rates on such products, and (ii) lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment.
metlife holdings declining interest rate scenario. our interest rate sensitive life products include traditional and universal life products. since most of our traditional life insurance is participating, we can mitigate gross margin compression by adjusting the applicable dividend scale. for our universal life products, we manage interest rate risk through a combination of product design features and alm strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives. although we are able to mitigate gross margin compression by lowering interest crediting rates on certain in-force universal life policies, these actions may be partially offset by increased liabilities for policies with secondary guarantees.
table of contents our annuity products can experience gross margin compression primarily from deferred annuities with minimum crediting rate guarantees. while most of these contracts are either at or slightly above their minimum crediting rate, we use interest rate derivatives to manage the gross margin compression risk.
our long-term care business experiences gross margin compression as we cannot reduce interest crediting rates for established claim reserves. long-term care policies are guaranteed renewable, and rates may be adjusted on a class basis with regulatory approval to reflect emerging experience. we review the discount rate assumptions and other assumptions associated with our long-term care claim reserves no less frequently than annually and, with respect to interest rates, set the discount rate based on the prevailing interest rate environment.
our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. most of these accounts are at their minimum crediting rates and therefore we use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression.
based on our investment portfolios and cash flow estimates, approximately 6% of our invested assets each year are subject to reinvestment risk through 2026.
rising interest rate scenario. higher reinvestment rates on cash flows, over time, more than offset the negative impacts of (i) higher interest crediting rates, and (ii) lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment.
corporate & other corporate & other contains the surplus investment portfolios used to fund capital and liquidity needs, certain reinsurance agreements, collateral financing arrangements, and our outstanding debt and preferred securities. for purposes of the two hypothetical interest rate scenarios, the impact on pension and postretirement plan expenses is included within corporate & other and not allocated across segments.
declining interest rate scenario. the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets, over time, more than offsets the positive impact of lower interest expense on debt, preferred stock dividends and lower pension expense. although low interest rates result in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities increasing, the impact is more than offset by the corresponding returns on fixed income investments and results in lower expenses.
rising interest rate scenario. the positive impact of reinvesting in higher yielding assets, over time, more than offsets the negative impact of higher interest expense on debt, preferred stock dividends and higher pension expense. although higher interest rates result in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities decreasing, the impact is more than offset by the corresponding returns on fixed income investments and results in higher expenses.
competitive pressures the life insurance industry remains highly competitive. see "business - competition." product development is focused on differentiation leading to more intense competition with respect to product features and services. certain of the industry's products can be quite homogeneous and subject to intense price competition. cost reduction efforts are a priority for industry players, with benefits resulting in price adjustments to favor customers and reinvestment capacity. larger companies have the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology optimization, risk management, and innovation, which are among the fundamentals for sustained profitable growth in the life insurance industry. insurers are focused on their core businesses, specifically in markets where they can achieve scale. insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue; there is a focus on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions, which include providing value-added services along with traditional products. financial strength and flexibility and technology modernization are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in analytics, distribution, and information technology and have the ability to leverage the capabilities of new digital entrants. there is a shift in distribution from proprietary to third-party models in mature markets, due to the lower cost structure. evolving customer expectations are having a significant impact on the competitive environment as insurers strive to offer the superior customer service demanded by an increasingly sophisticated industry client base. rising demands from stakeholders to address esg issues have resulted in insurers expanding their sustainability efforts. legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment can also affect the competitive environment within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. see "business - regulation." in addition to financial strength, technological efficiency and organizational agility, we believe that the ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of global market volatility, changing interest rates and uncertain economic conditions is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry and the broader financial services industry, and we are well positioned to compete in this environment.
table of contents regulatory developments in the u.s., our life insurance companies are regulated primarily at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. as life insurers introduce new and often more complex products, regulators refine capital requirements and introduce new reserving standards for the life insurance industry. laws and regulations recently adopted or currently under review can potentially impact the statutory reserve and capital requirements of the industry. regulators have also undertaken market and sales practices reviews of several markets or products, including equity-indexed annuities, variable annuities and group products. see "business - regulation," "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - our statutory life insurance reserve financings costs may increase, and we may find limited market capacity for new financings" and "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in laws or regulation, or in supervisory and enforcement policies, may reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or otherwise adversely affect us."
summary of critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements. effective january 1, 2023, the company adopted a new accounting pronouncement related to targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts ("ldti") with a january 1, 2021 transition date (the "transition date"). the effects of adoption were therefore applied for years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, as described in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. this summary of critical accounting estimates reflects this adoption. for a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the most critical estimates include those used in determining:
(i)            future policy benefit liabilities ("fpbs"), mrbs, and the accounting for reinsurance;
(ii)           estimated fair values of investments in the absence of quoted market values;
(iii)          investment allowance for credit loss ("acl") and impairments;
(iv)           estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives;
(v)            measurement of goodwill and related impairment;
(vi)           measurement of employee benefit plan liabilities;
(vii)          measurement of income taxes and the valuation of deferred tax assets; and
(viii)         liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters.
due to the adoption of ldti, the measurement model for deferred policy acquisition costs ("dac") and voba changed and the majority of the embedded derivatives met the criteria to be accounted for as mrbs; therefore, we no longer believe that dac, voba and embedded derivatives are critical accounting estimates. ldti impacted the recognition and measurement of fpbs, mrbs and reinsurance, along with the resulting impacts to deferred income taxes which are described in further detail below. the other critical accounting estimates above were not impacted by the adoption of ldti and are described below.
in addition, the application of acquisition accounting requires the use of estimation techniques in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed - the most significant of which relate to the aforementioned critical accounting estimates. in applying these policies and estimates, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. actual results could differ from these estimates.
table of contents future policy benefit liabilities generally, fpbs are payable over an extended period of time and calculated as the present value of future expected benefits and claim settlement expenses to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected net premiums. such liabilities are established based on methods and underlying assumptions in accordance with gaap and applicable actuarial standards. principal assumptions used in the establishment of fpbs for traditional long-duration non-participating products are expectations related to mortality, morbidity, termination, claim settlement expense, policy lapse, renewal, retirement, disability incidence, disability terminations, inflation, and other contingent events as appropriate to the respective product type and geographical area. these assumptions are reviewed at least annually and updated as needed to reflect our expected experience for future periods. if net premiums exceed gross premiums (i.e., expected benefits exceed expected gross premiums), the fpbs are increased, and a corresponding adjustment is recognized in net income.
liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon our historical experience and other actuarial assumptions that consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs.
traditional non-participating long-duration and limited-payment contracts comprise the majority of metlife's fpbs, inclusive of deferred profit liabilities, as described in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. for such contracts, cash flow assumptions are used to project the amount and timing of expected future benefits and claim settlement expenses to be paid and the expected future premiums to be collected for a cohort. generally, the liabilities for these products are updated retrospectively on a quarterly basis for actual experience and at least once a year for any changes in cash flow assumptions. the change in fpbs reflected in the statement of operations is calculated using a locked-in discount rate. for contracts issued prior to the transition date, the company developed a cohort level locked-in discount rate that reflects the interest accretion rates that were locked in at inception of the underlying contracts (unless there was a historical premium deficiency event that resulted in updating the interest accretion rate prior to the transition date), or the acquisition date for contracts acquired through an assumed in-force reinsurance transaction or a business combination. as described in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, for contracts issued subsequent to the transition date, the upper-medium grade discount rate is locked-in for the cohort and used to discount the estimated cash flows. the company generally interprets this as a rate comparable to that of a corporate single a discount rate and reflects the duration characteristics of the liability. the fpb for all cohorts is remeasured to a current upper-medium grade discount rate at each reporting period through other comprehensive income (loss) ("oci").
liabilities for universal and variable universal life secondary and paid-up guarantees ("additional insurance liabilities") are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. the assumptions used in estimating the secondary and paid-up guarantee liabilities are investment income, mortality, lapse, and premium payment pattern and persistency. in addition, the projected account balance and assessments used in this calculation are impacted by the earned rate on investments and the interest crediting rates, which are typically subject to guaranteed minimums. the assumptions of investment performance and volatility for variable products' separate account funds are consistent with historical experience of the appropriate underlying equity indices, such as the s&p 500 index. these assumptions are monitored and updated retrospectively based on market conditions and historical experience on a periodic basis.
accounting for reinsurance generally presents the income statement effect of direct policies on a net-of-reinsurance basis by using assumptions and methodologies consistent with those used to project the future performance of the underlying direct business. further, the potential impact of counterparty credit risks is considered when measuring the reinsurance recoverables. we periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to that evaluated in our security impairment process. see "- investment allowance for credit loss and impairments." additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. we review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. if we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting.
table of contents we measure market risk related to our market sensitive traditional long-duration non-participating and limited-payment contracts, additional insurance liabilities and reinsurance recoverables based on changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates utilizing a sensitivity analysis. the results of this sensitivity analysis are included in "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - risk measurement: sensitivity analysis." we have also assessed the sensitivities of hypothetical changes in significant assumptions to reported amounts related to our traditional long-duration non-participating and limited-payment contracts, additional insurance liabilities and reinsurance recoverables for products including, but not limited to, those within the disaggregated rollforwards included in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as reflected in the following table:
traditional long-duration non-participating and limited-payment contracts, additional insurance liabilities and reinsurance recoverables december 31, 2023
fpbs (1)                     reinsurance recoverables                     net effect                    net effect to oci to pre-tax net income increase / (decrease) (in millions)
assumptions (2):
mortality effect of an increase by 1%         $(69)                        $8                                           $105                          $(28)
effect of a decrease by 1%          $79                          $(8)                                         $(113)                        $26
morbidity (3)
effect of an increase by 5%         $568                         $4                                           $(788)                        $224
effect of a decrease by 5%          $(370)                       $(4)                                         $585                          $(219)
lapse (4)
effect of an increase by 10%        $(90)                        $(16)                                        $403                          $(329)
effect of a decrease by 10%         $230                         $17                                          $(580)                        $367
__________________
(1) fpbs are inclusive of deferred profit liabilities where applicable.
(2) all sensitivities exclude potential changes in our future premium rate assumptions.
(3) for products which are subject to morbidity risk, metlife applied sensitivities to the incidence rate assumptions only.
(4) for metlife holdings long-term care products, the lapse impacts include mortality as both mortality and lapse result in termination of these contracts without any additional benefit payment.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, including the significant inputs, judgments, valuation methods and assumptions used in the establishment of fpbs, as well as the effect of changes in such factors on the measurement of our fpbs during the year. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our reinsurance programs.
traditional participating contracts comprise a significant portion of metlife's fpbs, as described in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. for such contracts, original assumptions developed at the time of issue are locked-in and used in all future liability calculations. an additional liability would be required if the resulting liabilities are not adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses (i.e., there is a premium deficiency). for these contracts, metlife's risk of adverse experience may be mitigated through adjustments to the dividend scales.
for all insurance assets and liabilities, metlife holds capital and surplus to mitigate potential adverse experience development. the company's approaches for managing liquidity and capital are described in "- liquidity and capital resources."
table of contents market risk benefits mrbs are contracts or contract features that guarantee benefits, such as guaranteed minimum benefits (referred to as "gmxbs"), in addition to an account balance which expose insurance companies to other than nominal capital market risk (e.g., equity price, interest rate, and/or foreign currency exchange risk) and protect the contractholder from the same risk. certain contracts may have multiple contract features or guarantees that meet the definition of an mrb. those benefits are aggregated and measured as a single compound mrb.
all identified mrbs are required to be measured at estimated fair value, which is determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees attributable to those benefit features. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. the valuation of these mrbs also includes an adjustment for our nonperformance risk and risk margins for non-capital market inputs. the nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for metlife, inc.'s debt, including related credit default swaps. these observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the priority of these liabilities and the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance subsidiaries compared to metlife, inc. risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. the establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees.
changes in the estimated fair value of mrbs are recognized in net income, except for fair value changes attributable to a change in nonperformance risk of the company which is recorded within oci.
the estimated fair value of the net mrb liability may rise in volatile or declining equity markets or in a low interest rate environment. market conditions including changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and foreign currency exchange rates, variations in actuarial assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income, and changes in our nonperformance risk could materially affect oci.
we measure market risk related to our mrbs based on changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices utilizing a sensitivity analysis. the results of this sensitivity analysis are included in "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - risk measurement: sensitivity analysis." we have also assessed the sensitivities of hypothetical changes in significant assumptions to reported amounts related to our mrbs for products included within the disaggregated rollforwards in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as reflected in the following table:
december 31, 2023
mrbs                                               net effect                       net effect to oci
(liabilities net of assets)                        to pre-tax net income increase / (decrease) (in millions)
assumptions:
mortality effect of an increase by 1%            $1                                                 $1                               $(2)
effect of a decrease by 1%             $-                                                 $(1)                             $1
lapse effect of an increase by 10%           $(29)                                              $33                              $(4)
effect of a decrease by 10%            $29                                                $(33)                            $4
nonperformance risk effect of an increase by 50 bps        $(246)                                             n/a                              $246
effect of a decrease by 50 bps         $274                                               n/a                              $(274)
table of contents see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, including the significant inputs, judgments, valuation methods and assumptions used in the establishment of the mrbs, as well as the effect of changes in such factors on the measurement of our mrbs during the year. also, see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the fair value measurement of mrbs.
estimated fair value of investments the estimated fair values of our investments are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical investments in active markets that are readily and regularly obtainable. when such unadjusted quoted prices are not available, estimated fair values are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar but not identical investments, or other observable inputs. if these inputs are not available, or observable inputs are not determinable, unobservable inputs and/or adjustments to observable inputs requiring significant management judgment, including assumptions or estimates, are used to determine the estimated fair value of investments. unobservable inputs are based on management's assumptions about the inputs market participants would use in pricing such investments. the methodologies, assumptions and inputs utilized are described in note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
for the vast majority of our investments, sensitivity analysis regarding unobservable inputs is not necessary or appropriate, as they are valued using quoted prices, as described above. quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement and the sensitivity of the estimated fair value to changes in those inputs for the more significant asset and liability classes measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis is presented in note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. our ability to sell investments, or the price ultimately realized for investments, depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments.
investment allowance for credit loss and impairments the significant estimates and inherent uncertainties related to our evaluation of credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio are summarized below. see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for information regarding the sensitivity of our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loan portfolios to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.
fixed maturity securities the assessment of whether a credit loss has occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of whether the net amount expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis. we consider a wide range of factors about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. we evaluate credit loss by considering information that changes from time to time about past events, current and forecasted economic conditions, and we measure credit loss by estimating recovery value using a discounted cash flow analysis. we estimate recovery value based on our best estimate of future cash flows, which is inherently subjective, and methodologies can vary depending on the facts and circumstances specific to each security. we record an acl for the amount of the credit loss instead of recording a reduction of the amortized cost. the evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the determination of the amount of acl is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. we revise these estimates and assumptions as conditions change and new information becomes available. the valuation of our fixed maturity securities portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our fixed maturities securities portfolio that is foreign denominated is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
table of contents mortgage loans the acl is established both for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and certain modified loans, individually on a loan specific basis. we record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that we do not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected. to determine the mortgage loan acl, we apply significant judgment to estimate expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions; and we consider past events and current and forecasted economic conditions which are subject to inherent uncertainty and which may change from time to time. the acl methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the determination of the amount of acl is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. we revise these estimates as conditions change and new information becomes available. the estimated fair value of our mortgage loan portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our mortgage loan portfolio that is foreign denominated is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
leases, real estate and other asset classes the determination of the amount of acl on leases and impairments on real estate and the remaining asset classes is highly subjective and is based upon our quarterly evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. the evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of acl and impairments are described in notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
derivatives the determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing the instruments. derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on significant inputs into the otc derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment.
see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs. see also "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for information regarding the sensitivity of our derivatives to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity market prices.
goodwill goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate that there may be justification for conducting an interim test.
for purposes of goodwill impairment testing, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. additionally, the company will consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying value of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. the key inputs, judgments and assumptions necessary in determining estimated fair value of the reporting units include projected adjusted earnings, current book value, the level of economic capital required to support the mix of business, long-term growth rates, comparative market multiples, the account value of in-force business, projections of new and renewed business, as well as margins on such business, interest rate levels, credit spreads, equity market levels, and the discount rate that we believe is appropriate for the respective reporting unit.
table of contents we apply significant judgment when determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units and when assessing the relationship of market capitalization to the aggregate estimated fair value of our reporting units. the valuation methodologies utilized are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change. estimates of fair value are inherently uncertain and represent reasonable expectations regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based may differ from actual future results. the estimated fair value of the reporting units tested can be impacted by unexpected changes in the legislative, regulatory and macroeconomic environment. declines in the estimated fair value of our reporting units could result in goodwill impairments in future periods which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial position.
in the third quarter of 2023, the company performed its annual goodwill impairment tests on all reporting units using both qualitative and quantitative assessments. the quantitative assessment utilized the market multiple or embedded value approaches, and, when appropriate, was supplemented with a discounted cash flow valuation based on best available data as of june 30, 2023. the company concluded that the estimated fair values of all such reporting units, except for emea, were substantially in excess of their carrying values. the company also concluded that goodwill for all reporting units was not impaired.
as part of the annual goodwill impairment testing, the company tested the emea reporting unit for impairment using the market multiple and the discounted cash flow valuation approaches. the estimated fair value of the emea reporting unit under these approaches exceeded the carrying value by approximately 16% and 14%, respectively, and, therefore, the emea reporting unit was not impaired, but the margin has decreased below what the company considered a substantial margin. if we had assumed that the discount rate was 100 basis points higher than the discount rate used in the discounted cash flow valuation approach, the estimated fair value of the emea reporting unit would have been higher than the carrying value by approximately 9%.
see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our goodwill.
employee benefit plans certain subsidiaries of metlife, inc. sponsor defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans covering eligible employees. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on amendments to our u.s. benefit plans. the calculation of the obligations and expenses associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions such as the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases and healthcare cost trend rates, as well as assumptions regarding participant demographics such as rate and age of retirement, withdrawal rates and mortality. in consultation with external actuarial firms, we determine these assumptions based upon a variety of factors such as historical experience of the plan and its assets, currently available market and industry data, and expected benefit payout streams.
we determine the expected rate of return on plan assets based upon an approach that considers inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation, as well as expenses, expected asset manager performance, asset weights and the effect of rebalancing. given the amount of plan assets as of december 31, 2022, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs in 2023 would have been as follows:
year ended december 31, 2023
increase/(decrease) in net periodic pension cost                              increase/(decrease) in net other postretirement benefit cost
(in millions)
increase in expected rate of return by 100 bps        $(79)                                                                         $(13)
decrease in expected rate of return by 100 bps        $79                                                                           $13
this table considers only changes in our assumed long-term rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed long-term rate of return.
table of contents we determine the discount rates used to value the company's pension and postretirement obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. given our pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2022, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been as follows:
year ended december 31, 2023
increase/(decrease) in net periodic pension cost                              increase/(decrease) in net other postretirement benefit cost
(in millions)
increase in discount rate by 100 bps         $(57)                                                                         $(4)
decrease in discount rate by 100 bps         $47                                                                           $1
given our pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2023, the end of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our benefit obligations would have been as follows:
year ended december 31, 2023
increase/(decrease) in pension benefit obligation                             increase/(decrease) in other postretirement benefit obligation
(in millions)
increase in discount rate by 100 bps         $(859)                                                                        $(72)
decrease in discount rate by 100 bps         $1,015                                                                        $86
these tables consider only changes in our assumed discount rates without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. the assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to, among other factors, changing market and economic conditions and changes in participant demographics. these differences may have a significant impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and liquidity.
see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of assumptions used in measuring liabilities relating to our employee benefit plans.
income taxes and valuation of deferred tax assets our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of inherently complex tax laws. we must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
the company considers all available factors, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of these factors, a partial or full valuation allowance for categories of deferred tax assets is required. the weight given to these factors is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. examples of factors considered in determining deferred tax asset realizability include past earnings history, projections of taxable income and tax planning strategies, including the intent and ability to hold certain securities until they recover in value. changes in tax laws and/or statutory tax rates in countries in which we operate could have an impact on our valuation of net deferred tax assets. if there had been a 1% increase in the global effective income tax rate, the change would have resulted in an approximate $84 million increase in the net deferred income tax asset balance at december 31, 2023.
see notes 1 and 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our income taxes.
table of contents litigation contingencies we are a defendant in a large number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material effect on the company's consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. liabilities related to certain lawsuits, including our asbestos-related liability, are especially difficult to estimate due to the limitation of reliable data and uncertainty regarding numerous variables that can affect liability estimates. on a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our litigation and regulatory investigations, including asbestos-related cases, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded could have a material effect upon our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
see note 24 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies.
acquisitions and dispositions acquisitions acquisition of raven capital management in march 2023, the company completed the acquisition of raven capital management, an alternative investment firm.
acquisition of affirmative investment management in december 2022, the company completed the acquisition of affirmative investment management, a specialist global environmental, social and corporate governance impact fixed income investment manager.
ownership increase of pnb metlife in february 2022, the company acquired approximately 15.0% ownership in pnb metlife india insurance company limited ("pnb metlife"). as a result, the company's ownership in pnb metlife, an operating joint venture accounted for under the equity method, increased to approximately 47.0%.
dispositions pending disposition of metlife malaysia for information regarding the company's pending disposition of its ownership interests in ammetlife insurance berhad (malaysia) and ammetlife takaful berhad (malaysia) (collectively, "metlife malaysia"), each an operating joint venture accounted for under the equity method, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife poland and greece for information regarding the company's dispositions of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in poland and greece in april 2022 and january 2022, respectively (collectively, "metlife poland and greece"), see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife seguros for information regarding the company's september 2021 disposition of its wholly-owned argentinian subsidiary, metlife seguros s.a. ("metlife seguros"), see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife p&c for information regarding the company's april 2021 disposition of metropolitan property and casualty insurance company and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, "metlife p&c"), see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents results of operations overview metlife is one of the world's leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. in the fourth quarter of 2023, metlife reorganized from five segments into the following six segments to reflect changes in management's responsibilities: group benefits; ris; asia; latin america; emea; and metlife holdings. the group benefits and ris businesses were previously reported as the u.s. segment. these changes were applied retrospectively and did not have an impact on prior period total consolidated net income (loss) or adjusted earnings. in addition, the company continues to report certain of its results of operations in corporate & other. see "business - segments and corporate & other" and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's segments and corporate & other.
reinsurance transaction in november 2023, the company completed a risk transfer transaction with subsidiaries of global atlantic financial group, a retirement and life insurance company, to reinsure an in-force block of universal life, variable universal life, universal life with secondary guarantees, and fixed annuities, which was reported in the metlife holdings segment. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
key financial highlights
net income available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders was $1.4 billion, $5.1 billion and $6.7 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders was $5.5 billion, $5.8 billion and $7.9 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
table of contents consolidated results years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                            2022                        2021
(in millions)
revenues premiums                                                                     $44,283                     $48,510                     $41,152
universal life and investment-type product policy fees                         5,152                       5,225                       5,244
net investment income                                                         19,908                      15,916                      21,395
other revenues                                                                 2,526                       2,630                       2,619
net investment gains (losses)                                                (2,824)                     (1,260)                       1,543
net derivative gains (losses)                                                (2,140)                     (2,251)                     (3,257)
total revenues                                                                66,905                      68,770                      68,696
expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                   45,212                      50,213                      43,998
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses                             (45)                         114                       (172)
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                               (994)                     (3,674)                     (1,237)
interest credited to policyholder account balances                             7,860                       3,894                       5,571
amortization of dac and voba                                                   1,952                       1,831                       2,037
amortization of negative voba                                                   (26)                        (29)                        (35)
interest expense on debt                                                       1,045                         938                         920
other expenses, net of capitalization of dac                                   9,739                       9,119                       9,096
total expenses                                                                64,743                      62,406                      60,178
income (loss) before provision for income tax                                  2,162                       6,364                       8,518
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                       560                       1,062                       1,642
net income (loss)                                                              1,602                       5,302                       6,876
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                  24                          18                          21
net income (loss) attributable to metlife, inc.                                1,578                       5,284                       6,855
less: preferred stock dividends                                                  198                         185                         195
preferred stock redemption premium                                                 -                           -                           6
net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders            $1,380                      $5,099                      $6,654
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders - decreased $3.7 billion primarily due to the following:
net investment gains (losses)(1) - unfavorable change of $1.6 billion ($1.2 billion, net of income tax):
impairment losses in 2023 for investments disposed of in connection with a reinsurance transaction
impairment loss in 2023 in connection with the pending disposition of metlife malaysia
gains in 2022 on sales of real estate investments
lower gains on foreign currency transactions partially offset by:
lower losses on sales of fixed maturity securities in 2023
mark-to-market gains on equity securities in 2023
table of contents net derivative gains (losses)(2) - favorable change of $111 million ($88 million, net of income tax)(3):
long-term interest rates increased less significantly in 2023 versus 2022 - favorable impact to the estimated fair value of receive-fixed interest rate swaps partially offset by:
key equity indexes increased in 2023 versus decreased in 2022 - unfavorable impact to equity options and trrs
the u.s. dollar weakened against major currencies in 2023 compared to strengthened in 2022 - unfavorable impact to the estimated fair value of receive-u.s. dollar foreign currency swaps market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses(4) - unfavorable change of $2.7 billion ($2.1 billion, net of income tax):
long-term interest rates increased less significantly in 2023 versus 2022
updates resulting from the actuarial assumption review, as well as risk margin and other model updates, were unfavorable in 2023 versus largely favorable in 2022
partially offset by:
key equity indexes increased in 2023 versus decreased in 2022
actuarial assumption review - unfavorable change of $254 million ($197 million, net of income tax):
year ended december 31,                        variance
2023   2022
(in millions, net of income tax)
economic assumptions                                 $(40)                           $12                           $(52)
biometric assumptions                                   37                          (30)                              67
policyholder behavior assumptions                        -        290                                              (290)
operational assumptions                                 12                          (66)                              78
total                                                   $9                          $206                          $(197)
total results for 2023 and 2022 include gains of $9 million and $206 million, respectively:
of the $9 million gain, a loss of $4 million was recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses, a loss of $2 million was recognized in net derivative gains (losses), both of which are discussed above, and a gain of $15 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
of the $206 million gain, a gain of $261 million was recognized in market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses, which is discussed above, and a loss of $55 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
the $197 million decrease was primarily driven by updates made in 2022 to policyholder behavior assumptions in the metlife holdings segment related to projected annuitizations for variable annuities, which were recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses adjusted earnings(5) - unfavorable change of $268 million. see "- consolidated results - adjusted earnings."
taxes - unfavorable change in effective tax rate - 26% in 2023 versus 17% in 2022:
2023 effective tax rate on income before provision for income tax was 26% versus statutory rate of 21%:
tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different statutory rates than the u.s. statutory rate
non-taxable investment loss related to the pending disposition of metlife malaysia partially offset by:
low income housing and other tax credits table of contents
non-taxable investment income
corporate tax deduction for stock compensation
2022 effective tax rate on income before provision for income tax was 17% versus statutory rate of 21%:
low income housing and other tax credits
tax benefits from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
irs audit settlement
corporate tax deduction for stock compensation
non-taxable investment income year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders - decreased $1.6 billion primarily due to the following:
net investment gains (losses)(1) - unfavorable change of $2.8 billion ($2.2 billion, net of income tax):
losses in 2022 on sales of fixed maturity securities
gain in 2021 on the disposition of metlife p&c
lower gains in 2022 on sales of real estate investments
mark-to-market losses in 2022 compared to mark-to-market gains in 2021 on equity securities partially offset by:
losses in 2021 on the sales of certain subsidiaries
foreign currency transaction gains in 2022
net derivative gains (losses)(2) - favorable change of $1.0 billion ($795 million, net of income tax)(3):
key equity indexes decreased in 2022 versus increased in 2021 - favorable impact to equity options and trrs
u.s. dollar strengthened less significantly against the chilean peso in 2022 versus 2021 - favorable impact to the estimated fair value of pay-u.s. dollar foreign currency swaps partially offset by:
long-term interest rates increased more significantly in 2022 versus 2021 - unfavorable impact to the estimated fair value of receive-fixed interest rate swaps market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses(4) - favorable change of $2.4 billion ($1.9 billion, net of income tax):
long-term interest rates increased more significantly in 2022 versus 2021
updates resulting from the actuarial assumption review, as well as risk margin and other model updates, were favorable in 2022 versus unfavorable in 2021
partially offset by:
 key equity indexes decreased in 2022 versus increased in 2021
table of contents actuarial assumption review - favorable change of $701 million ($561 million, net of income tax):
years ended december 31,                      variance
2022                            2021
(in millions, net of income tax)
economic assumptions                                   $12                             $16                          $(4)
biometric assumptions                                 (30)                              16                          (46)
policyholder behavior assumptions                      290                           (421)        711
operational assumptions                               (66)                              34                         (100)
total                                                 $206                          $(355)                          $561
total results for 2022 and 2021 include gains of $206 million and losses of $355 million, respectively:
of the $206 million gain, a gain of $261 million was recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses, which is discussed above, and a loss of $55 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
of the $355 million loss, a loss of $443 million was recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses, which is discussed above, and a gain of $88 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
the $561 million increase was primarily driven by updates made in both 2022 and 2021 to policyholder behavior assumptions in the metlife holdings segment related to projected annuitizations for variable annuities, which were recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses adjusted earnings(5) - unfavorable change of $2.1 billion. see "- consolidated results - adjusted earnings."
taxes - favorable change in effective tax rate - 17% in 2022 versus 19% in 2021
2022 effective tax rate on income before provision for income tax was 17% versus statutory rate of 21%:
low income housing and other tax credits
tax benefits from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
irs audit settlement
corporate tax deduction for stock compensation
non-taxable investment income
2021 effective tax rate on income before provision for income tax was 19% versus statutory rate of 21%:
low income housing and other tax credits
non-taxable investment income
irs audit settlement
non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned u.k. investment subsidiary to its u.s. parent
corporate tax deduction for stock compensation partially offset by
tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
dispositions of metlife p&c, metlife seguros and metlife poland and greece
__________________
(1) see "- investments - overview" and "- investments - investment portfolio results - net investment gains (losses)" for information regarding management of our investment portfolio.
(2) see "- derivatives - net derivative gains (losses)" for information regarding the use of derivatives to hedge market risk.

(3) includes amounts relating to investment hedge adjustments, which are also included in adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. see "- investments - investment portfolio results" for additional information.
(4) see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's mrbs.
(5) as used in "- consolidated results - adjusted earnings" and as more fully described in "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures," we refer to adjusted earnings, which does not equate to net income (loss), as determined in accordance with gaap, to analyze our performance, evaluate segment performance, and allocate resources. we believe that the presentation of adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings, as we measure it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss). adjusted earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis should not be viewed as substitutes for net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders.
table of contents reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders and premiums, fees and other revenues to adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues year ended december 31, 2023
group benefits                          ris                     asia                 latin america                     emea                 metlife holdings                  corporate &amp; other                    total
(in millions)
net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders                                                      $1,521                             $942                   $(150)                       $652                        $253                     $(1,338)                               $(500)                         $1,380
add: preferred stock dividends                                                                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                  198                            198
add: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                         -                                     -                        2                          7                           4                            -                                   11                             24
add: preferred stock redemption premium                                                                                 -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
net income (loss)                                                                                                       1,521                               942                    (148)                        659                         257                      (1,338)                                (291)                          1,602
less: adjustments from net income (loss) to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders:
revenues:
net investment gains (losses)                                     (56)                              (563)                  (1,019)                          1                          10                      (1,914)                                  717                        (2,824)
net derivative gains (losses)                                     39                                  120                    (921)                         89                        (44)                      (1,350)                                 (73)                        (2,140)
premiums                                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
universal life and investment-type product policy fees            -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
net investment income                                             (153)                             (449)                      350                       (34)                         688                        (260)                                   17                            159
other revenues                                                    -                                  (75)                        -                          -                           1                           29                                   40                            (5)
expenses:
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       -                                  (32)                      183                      (157)                           -                           11                                    -                              5
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses               -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                  -                                    29                       43                          -                          40                          882                                    -                            994
interest credited to policyholder account balances                -                                     -                    (395)                      (149)                       (687)                         (20)                                    -                        (1,251)
capitalization of dac                                             -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
amortization of dac and voba                                      -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
amortization of negative voba                                     -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
interest expense on debt                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
other expenses                                                    -                                     -                        1                          8                         (5)                            -                                 (97)                           (93)
goodwill impairment                                               -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              36                                  204                      328                         61                        (11)                          551                                (135)                          1,034
adjusted earnings                                                                                                       $1,655                           $1,708                   $1,282                       $840                        $265                         $733                                (760)                          5,723
less: preferred stock dividends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               198                            198
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $(958)                         $5,525
premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                                       $23,929                          $8,757                   $6,969                     $5,727                      $2,347                       $3,737                                 $495                        $51,961
less: adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                  -                                  (75)                        -                          -                           1                           29                                   40                            (5)
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                              $23,929                          $8,832                   $6,969                     $5,727                      $2,346                       $3,708                                 $455                        $51,966
table of contents year ended december 31, 2022
group benefits                          ris                     asia                 latin america                     emea            metlife holdings                       corporate &amp; other                    total
(in millions)
net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders                                                      $1,377                           $1,463                   $(472)                       $545                        $189                $2,550                                      $(553)                         $5,099
add: preferred stock dividends                                                                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                              185                            185
add: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                         -                                     -                        -                          7                           5                -                                                6                             18
add: preferred stock redemption premium                                                                                 -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
net income (loss)                                                                                                       1,377                             1,463                    (472)                        552                         194                2,550                                        (362)                          5,302
less: adjustments from net income (loss) to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders:
revenues:
net investment gains (losses)                                     (92)                              (359)                  (1,123)                         52                        (98)       4                                                       356                        (1,260)
net derivative gains (losses)                                     207                                 215                  (2,104)                        434                       (117)                (944)                                           58                        (2,251)
premiums                                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                          41                -                                                -                             41
universal life and investment-type product policy fees            -                                     -                        -                          -                          11                -                                                -                             11
net investment income                                             (57)                              (303)                    (338)                      (275)                     (1,024)                (281)                                            5                        (2,273)
other revenues                                                    -                                     -                        -                          -                           8                -                                              155                            163
expenses:
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       -                                 (116)                      191                      (536)                        (23)                -                                                -                          (484)
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses               -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                  -                                   315                       90                          -                         126                3,143                                            -                          3,674
interest credited to policyholder account balances                -                                    31                      246                         78                       1,030                -                                                -                          1,385
capitalization of dac                                             -                                     -                        -                          -                          11                -                                                -                             11
amortization of dac and voba                                      -                                     -                        -                          -                         (8)                -                                                -                            (8)
amortization of negative voba                                     -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
interest expense on debt                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
other expenses                                                    -                                     -                        -                          7                        (31)                -                                            (241)                          (265)
goodwill impairment                                               -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              (13)                                 45                      949                         63                          19                (403)                                         (80)                            580
adjusted earnings                                                                                                       $1,332                           $1,635                   $1,617                       $729                        $249                $1,031                                       (615)                          5,978
less: preferred stock dividends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               185                            185
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $(800)                         $5,793
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis (1)                                     $1,332                           $1,635                   $1,583                       $806                        $236                $1,031                                      $(800)                         $5,823
premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                                       $23,266                         $14,314                   $7,346                     $4,438                      $2,341                $4,123                                        $537                        $56,365
less: adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                  -                                     -                        -                          -                          60                -                                              155                            215
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                              $23,266                         $14,314                   $7,346                     $4,438                      $2,281                $4,123                                        $382                        $56,150
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis (1)                                             $23,266                         $14,314                   $6,974                     $4,831                      $2,210                $4,123                                        $382                        $56,100
__________________
(1)amounts for group benefits, ris, metlife holdings and corporate & other are shown on a reported basis, as constant currency impact is not significant.
table of contents year ended december 31, 2021
group benefits                          ris                     asia                 latin america                     emea            metlife holdings                       corporate &amp; other                    total
(in millions)
net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders                                                      $476                             $2,634                   $1,813                     $(315)                         $98                $1,256                                        $692                         $6,654
add: preferred stock dividends                                                                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                              195                            195
add: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                         -                                     -                        2                          6                           3                -                                               10                             21
add: preferred stock redemption premium                                                                                 -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                6                              6
net income (loss)                                                                                                       476                               2,634                    1,815                      (309)                         101                1,256                                          903                          6,876
less: adjustments from net income (loss) to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders:
revenues:
net investment gains (losses)                                     (32)                                414                      (6)                      (134)                       (176)       86                                                    1,391                          1,543
net derivative gains (losses)                                     107                                 101                    (831)                      (416)                       (155)                (2,026)                                       (37)                        (3,257)
premiums                                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                         117                -                                              865                            982
universal life and investment-type product policy fees            -                                     -                        -                          -                          26                -                                                -                             26
net investment income                                             (58)                              (281)                       58                       (64)                         717                (293)                                           36                            115
other revenues                                                    -                                     -                        -                          1                          11                -                                              231                            243
expenses:
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       -                                  (86)                     (83)                      (280)                        (76)                -                                            (582)                        (1,107)
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses               -                                     -                        -                          -                         (1)                -                                                -                            (1)
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                  -                                  (96)                       48                          -                         119                1,162                                            4                          1,237
interest credited to policyholder account balances                -                                     6                    (211)                        175                       (695)                -                                                -                          (725)
capitalization of dac                                             -                                     -                        -                          -                          30                -                                               89                            119
amortization of dac and voba                                      -                                     -                        -                          -                        (28)                -                                             (98)                          (126)
amortization of negative voba                                     -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
interest expense on debt                                          -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                              (1)                            (1)
other expenses                                                    -                                     -                        3                          3                        (81)                -                                            (489)                          (564)
goodwill impairment                                               -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              (4)                                (15)                      320                        132                        (13)       224                                                   (350)                            294
adjusted earnings                                                                                                       $463                             $2,591                   $2,517                       $274                        $306                $2,103                                       (156)                          8,098
less: preferred stock dividends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               195                            195
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $(351)                         $7,903
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis (1)                                     $463                             $2,591                   $2,395                       $231                        $251                $2,103                                      $(351)                         $7,683
premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                                       $22,543                          $5,633                   $8,120                     $3,791                      $2,862                $4,513                                      $1,553                        $49,015
less: adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                  -                                     -                        -                          1                         154                -                                            1,096                          1,251
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                                                                              $22,543                          $5,633                   $8,120                     $3,790                      $2,708                $4,513                                        $457                        $47,764
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis (1)                                             $22,543                          $5,633                   $7,092                     $3,674                      $2,426                $4,513                                        $457                        $46,338
__________________
(1)amounts for group benefits, ris, metlife holdings and corporate & other are shown on a reported basis, as constant currency impact is not significant.
table of contents consolidated results - adjusted earnings business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased $4.2 billion, or 7%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased $4.1 billion, or 7%, compared to 2022, primarily due to lower premiums in our ris segment, mainly driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022. this was partially offset by (i) growth in the structured settlement, post-retirement benefit, u.k. longevity reinsurance and institutional income annuities businesses in our ris segment, (ii) strong sales in mexico and chile and solid persistency across the region in our latin america segment and (iii) growth in both core and voluntary products in our group benefits segment.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased $8.4 billion, or 18%, compared to 2021. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $9.8 billion, or 21%, compared to 2021, primarily due to higher premiums in our ris segment, mainly driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022.
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                        2022                        2021
(in millions)
group benefits                                                                            $1,655                      $1,332                        $463
ris                                                                                        1,708                       1,635                       2,591
asia                                                                                       1,282                       1,617                       2,517
latin america                                                                                840                             729                         274
emea                                                                                         265                             249                         306
metlife holdings                                                                             733                       1,031                       2,103
corporate &amp; other                                                                      (958)                       (800)                       (351)
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders                                        $5,525                      $5,793                      $7,903
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis           $5,525                      $5,823                      $7,683
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                                               $51,966                     $56,150                     $47,764
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis                  $51,966                     $56,100                     $46,338
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders - decreased $268 million on a reported basis, primarily due to the following business drivers:
market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $490 million:
higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type and certain insurance products, primarily in our ris, asia and group benefits segments
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on real estate and private equity funds largely offset by:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, partially offset by lower derivative income volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $322 million:
higher average invested assets in most of our businesses largely offset by:

increase in interest credited expenses on long duration and certain other insurance products, primarily in our ris and latin america segments underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $301 million:
favorable underwriting - favorable mortality in our group benefits segment expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $150 million:
higher direct expenses, including certain employee-related costs, in most of our segments
higher corporate-related expenses, primarily in corporate & other interest expense on debt - decreased adjusted earnings by $85 million:
senior note issuances in july 2022, january 2023 and july 2023
interest rate increase on surplus notes partially offset by:
early senior note redemption in february 2023
notable items - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments, as well as litigation reserves and settlements costs - decreased adjusted earnings by $151 million on a reported basis:
year ended december 31,                        variance
2023                          2022
(in millions, net of income tax)
group benefits                             $27                            $-                             $27
ris                                         61                            79                            (18)
asia                                      (94)                          (32)                            (62)
latin america                                -                             1                             (1)
emea                                        18                            15        3
metlife holdings                             2                            26                            (24)
corporate &amp; other                     (76)                             -                            (76)
total                                    $(62)                           $89                          $(151)
year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders - decreased $2.1 billion on a reported basis due to the following business drivers:
foreign currency - decreased adjusted earnings by $220 million primarily in our asia segment market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $3.0 billion:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $1.6 billion:
favorable underwriting, primarily driven by an overall decline in covid-19 related claims in our group benefits and latin america segments expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $243 million:
higher corporate-related expenses, primarily in corporate & other table of contents notable items - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments - decreased adjusted earnings by $204 million on a reported basis:
years ended december 31,                        variance
2022                          2021
(in millions, net of income tax)
group benefits                              $-                            $-                              $-
ris                                         79                            14                              65
asia                                      (32)                            56                            (88)
latin america                                1                             6                             (5)
emea                                        15                             -                              15
metlife holdings                            26                            11                              15
corporate &amp; other                        -                           206                           (206)
total                                      $89                          $293                          $(204)
table of contents segment results and corporate & other group benefits business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $663 million, or 3%, compared to 2022, primarily driven by growth in both core and voluntary products.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased $723 million, or 3%, compared to 2021, primarily due to growth from our voluntary products, group disability and dental businesses.
years ended december 31,
2023                                                               2022                        2021
(in millions)
total adjusted revenues                              $25,230                     $24,402                     $23,703
total adjusted expenses                               23,133                      22,713                      23,114
provision for income tax expense (benefit)               442       357                         126
adjusted earnings                                     $1,655                      $1,332                        $463
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues           $23,929                     $23,266                     $22,543
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - increased $323 million primarily due to the following business drivers:
market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $18 million:
higher average interest crediting rates on certain insurance products and retained asset accounts
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on real estate and private equity funds substantially offset by:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and higher derivative income volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $71 million:
growth in accident & health and legal plans businesses underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $269 million:
favorable mortality in life products - decreases in both incidence and severity of claims, including the impact of lower covid-19 claims partially offset by:
unfavorable morbidity - higher dental utilization, as well as higher pet insurance and vision claims, partially offset by favorable results in our disability businesses
unfavorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $24 million:
higher employee-related, technology, and marketing costs exceeded the corresponding increase in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $27 million:
2023 notable item - favorable impact of $27 million - actuarial assumption review table of contents year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - increased $869 million primarily due to the following business drivers:
market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $103 million:
higher average interest crediting rates on certain insurance products and retained asset accounts
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $89 million:
growth in accident & health, group disability and dental businesses
positive flows resulted in higher average invested assets underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $958 million:
favorable mortality in life products - decreases in both incidence and severity of claims, largely driven by the impact of lower covid-19 claims
favorable experience - accident & health, vision and dental
favorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years partially offset by:
unfavorable experience - individual and group disability businesses expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $75 million:
higher direct expenses, including certain employee-related costs, exceeded the corresponding increase in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues retirement & income solutions business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased $5.5 billion, or 38%, compared to 2022. this was primarily due to lower premiums driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022, partially offset by growth in our structured settlement, post-retirement benefit, u.k. longevity reinsurance and institutional income annuities businesses.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased $8.7 billion, or 154%, compared to 2021, primarily due to higher premiums driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022.
changes in premiums are generally offset by a corresponding change in policyholder benefits.
years ended december 31,
2023                                                               2022                        2021
(in millions)
total adjusted revenues                              $16,635                     $20,518                     $12,521
total adjusted expenses                               14,477                      18,460                       9,252
provision for income tax expense (benefit)               450       423                         678
adjusted earnings                                     $1,708                      $1,635                      $2,591
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues            $8,832                     $14,314                      $5,633
table of contents year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - increased $73 million primarily due to the following business drivers:
market factors - increased adjusted earnings by $9 million:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans substantially offset by:
higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type and certain insurance products
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and real estate funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $56 million:
positive flows from pension risk transfer transactions and funding agreement issuances resulted in higher average invested assets largely offset by:
increase in interest credited expenses on long duration insurance products underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $35 million:
favorable mortality - structured settlements and pension risk transfer businesses expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $22 million:
higher expenses, including technology and certain employee-related costs notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $18 million:
2023 notable item - favorable impact of $61 million - actuarial assumption review
2022 notable items - favorable impact of $79 million - reinsurance recapture, partially offset by actuarial assumption review year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - decreased $956 million primarily due to the following business drivers:
market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $1.2 billion:
 variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds
 higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type and certain insurance products partially offset by:
 recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, and higher income on derivatives and real estate investments volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $130 million:
positive flows from pension risk transfer transactions and funding agreement issuances resulted in higher average invested assets largely offset by:
increase in interest credited expenses on long duration insurance products underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $31 million:
favorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities table of contents partially offset by:
less favorable mortality - primarily driven by structured settlements business; partially offset by pension risk transfer business expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $16 million:
higher direct and allocated expenses due to employee-related costs notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $65 million:
2022 notable items - favorable impact of $79 million - reinsurance recapture, partially offset by actuarial assumption review
2021 notable item - favorable impact of $14 million - actuarial assumption review asia business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased $377 million, or 5%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased $5 million compared to 2022, as decreases from annuity, accident & health and yen-denominated life products in japan were largely offset by higher premiums in korea.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased $774 million, or 10%, compared to 2021. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $254 million, or 4%, compared to 2021, mainly due to increases in japan, australia and korea. in japan, higher fees from foreign currency-denominated life and fixed annuity products were partially offset by a decrease in premiums from yen-denominated life products. the increases in australia and korea were primarily due to business growth.
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                               2022                        2021
(in millions)
total adjusted revenues                                                         $10,926                     $11,255                     $13,172
total adjusted expenses                                                           9,086                       8,980                       9,638
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                          558                         658                       1,017
adjusted earnings                                                                $1,282                      $1,617                      $2,517
adjusted earnings on a constant currency basis                                   $1,282                      $1,583                      $2,395
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                                       $6,969                      $7,346                      $8,120
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis          $6,969                      $6,974                      $7,092
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings - decreased $335 million on a reported basis, primarily due to the following business drivers:
foreign currency - decreased adjusted earnings by $34 million
japanese yen, korean won, and australian dollar weakened against the u.s. dollar market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $195 million:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on real estate funds
higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type products partially offset by:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities partially offset by lower derivative income table of contents underwriting and other insurance adjustments - decreased adjusted earnings by $31 million:
higher surrender charges in japan in 2022
notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $62 million on a reported basis:
2023 notable item - unfavorable impact of $94 million - actuarial assumption review
2022 notable item - unfavorable impact of $32 million - actuarial assumption review year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings - decreased $900 million on a reported basis primarily due to the following business drivers:
foreign currency - decreased adjusted earnings by $122 million:
japanese yen, korean won and australian dollar weakened against the u.s. dollar market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $777 million:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $104 million:
higher investment fee income from growth in average invested assets driven by new business and in-force persistency
higher sales across the region
higher fee income in japan underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $63 million:
favorable underwriting - higher surrenders from weakening japanese yen, partially offset by higher claims primarily due to covid-19
partially offset by:
unfavorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $46 million:
higher employee-related and other operating expenses taxes - decreased adjusted earnings by $25 million:
deferred tax asset write-off in china in 2022
partially offset by:
tax benefit in 2022 resulting from a change in the tax rate in korea notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $88 million on a reported basis:
2022 notable item - unfavorable impact of $32 million - actuarial assumption review
2021 notable item - favorable impact of $56 million - actuarial assumption review table of contents latin america business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $1.3 billion, or 29%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $896 million, or 19%, compared to 2022, mainly driven by strong sales in mexico and chile and solid persistency across the region.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased $648 million, or 17%, compared to 2021. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $764 million, or 21%, compared to 2021, mainly driven by strong sales and solid persistency across the region.
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                          2022                        2021
(in millions)
total adjusted revenues                                                          $7,371                      $6,031                      $5,061
total adjusted expenses                                                           6,234                       5,082                       4,727
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                          297       220                         60
adjusted earnings                                                                  $840                        $729                        $274
adjusted earnings on a constant currency basis                                     $840                        $806                        $231
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                                       $5,727                      $4,438                      $3,790
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis          $5,727                      $4,831                      $3,674
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings - increased $111 million on a reported basis, primarily due to the following business drivers:
foreign currency - increased adjusted earnings by $77 million:
mexican and chilean pesos strengthened against the u.s. dollar market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $65 million:
recurring investment income decreased - lower yields on fixed income securities, primarily in chile
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on real estate and private equity funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $129 million:
higher sales across the region
higher average invested assets, primarily in chile and mexico partially offset by:
higher commissions and other variable expenses, net of dac capitalization
increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance products expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $26 million:
higher direct expenses, including employee-related costs, across the region taxes - decreased adjusted earnings by $17 million:
tax adjustments in both years primarily driven by a recurring tax item related to inflation in chile partially offset by:
tax refund in 2023 related to the filing of a mexico income tax return table of contents notable items - decreased adjusted earnings slightly on a reported basis:
2022 notable item - favorable impact of $1 million - actuarial assumption review year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings - increased $455 million on a reported basis primarily due to the following business drivers:
foreign currency - decreased adjusted earnings by $43 million:
chilean peso weakened against the u.s. dollar market factors - increased adjusted earnings by $12 million:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities, higher earnings from a joint venture investment in chile, and an increase in bond index returns on our chilean encaje within fvo securities.
largely offset by:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity funds
higher interest credited expenses on certain insurance products volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $100 million:
higher sales across the region
higher average invested assets, primarily in chile and mexico partially offset by:
higher commissions and other variable expenses, net of dac capitalization
increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance products underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $390 million:
favorable underwriting - a decline in covid-19-related claims, primarily in mexico and brazil, and a reduction to the incurred but not reported reserve that was established in 2021
expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $32 million:
higher employee-related costs
continued investment in technology partially offset by:
 continued expense discipline taxes - increased adjusted earnings by $39 million:
tax adjustments in both years primarily driven by a recurring tax item related to inflation in chile
tax refund in 2022 related to the filing of the company's 2021 u.s. income tax return notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $5 million on a reported basis:
2022 notable item - favorable impact of $1 million - actuarial assumption review
2021 notable item - favorable impact of $6 million - actuarial assumption review table of contents emea business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $65 million, or 3%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $136 million, or 6%, compared to 2022 primarily due to increases in our (i) corporate solutions business in the gulf, the u.k. and egypt, (ii) accident & health business across the region, and (iii) credit life business in turkey and romania, as well as (iv) an unfavorable refinement to an unearned revenue reserve in the gulf in 2022.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased $427 million, or 16%, compared to 2021. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased $145 million, or 6%, compared to 2021 primarily due to (i) the disposition of metlife poland and greece, (ii) a favorable refinement to an unearned premium reserve in italy in 2021 and an unfavorable refinement to an unearned revenue reserve in the gulf in 2022, and (iii) decreases in our corporate solutions and variable life businesses in the gulf, as well as our pension business in romania, partially offset by growth in (i) our accident & health business across the region, (ii) our corporate solutions business in egypt, and (iii) our credit life business in turkey and romania.
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                          2022                        2021
(in millions)
total adjusted revenues                                                          $2,543                      $2,441                      $2,923
total adjusted expenses                                                           2,200                       2,119                       2,523
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                           78       73                          94
adjusted earnings                                                                  $265                        $249                        $306
adjusted earnings on a constant currency basis                                     $265                        $236                        $251
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                                       $2,346                      $2,281                      $2,708
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis          $2,346                      $2,210                      $2,426
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings - increased $16 million on a reported basis, primarily due to the following business drivers:
foreign currency - decreased adjusted earnings by $13 million:
egyptian pound and turkish lira weakened against the u.s. dollar partially offset by:
euro strengthened against the u.s. dollar market factors - increased adjusted earnings by $37 million:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $27 million:
accident & health business across the region
credit life business in turkey
corporate solutions business in the gulf, egypt and the u.k.
ordinary life business in europe underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $9 million:
favorable change from a 2022 refinement to certain insurance and other liabilities in the gulf
favorable underwriting - corporate solutions business in the u.k., ordinary and variable life businesses in the gulf, and variable life business in the czech republic table of contents largely offset by:
unfavorable underwriting - corporate solutions business in the gulf and egypt, accident and health business in the gulf, and ordinary life business in europe expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $33 million:
higher direct expenses, including employee-related costs, across the region, as well as certain pension, postretirement and postemployment benefit costs taxes - decreased adjusted earnings by $10 million:
tax adjustments in both years notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $3 million on a reported basis:
2023 notable items - favorable impact of $18 million - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments
2022 notable items - favorable impact of $15 million - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
adjusted earnings - decreased $57 million on a reported basis primarily due to the following business drivers:
foreign currency - decreased adjusted earnings by $55 million:
turkish lira, euro and british pound weakened against the u.s. dollar volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $5 million:
accident & health business across the region
credit life business in turkey
corporate solutions business in egypt
ordinary life business in europe partially offset by:
variable life and corporate solutions businesses in the gulf
pension business in romania underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $22 million:
favorable underwriting - primarily due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in lower utilization in 2022 and higher claims in 2021 reflected in our:
corporate solutions business in egypt, the u.k. and the gulf,
variable life business in lebanon and the czech republic
credit life business in turkey and romania partially offset by:
unfavorable change from refinements to certain insurance-related assets and liabilities in both years expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $24 million:
increases in various operating expenses across the region other - decreased adjusted earnings by $24 million:
disposition of metlife poland and greece in 2022
amortization of dac and voba table of contents notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $15 million on a reported basis:
2022 notable items - favorable impact of $15 million - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments metlife holdings business overview. our metlife holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses, previously included in our former retail business, that we no longer actively market in the u.s. as anticipated, adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues continue to decline from expected business run-off. in addition, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on a transaction to reinsure an in-force block of this business.
years ended december 31,
2023                                                               2022                        2021
(in millions)
total adjusted revenues                               $8,202                      $9,037                     $10,898
total adjusted expenses                                7,293                       7,752                       8,260
provision for income tax expense (benefit)               176       254                         535
adjusted earnings                                       $733                      $1,031                      $2,103
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues            $3,708                      $4,123                      $4,513
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - decreased $298 million primarily due to the following business drivers:
market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $258 million:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and real estate funds
recurring investment income decreased - lower average invested assets volume growth - decreased adjusted earnings by $36 million, consistent with business run-off underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $18 million:
lower dividend expense due to dividend scale reductions, as well as run-off in the mlic closed block partially offset by:
unfavorable underwriting - life, annuity and long-term care businesses notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $24 million:
2023 notable items - favorable impact of $2 million - actuarial assumption review, largely offset by other insurance adjustments
2022 notable items - favorable impact of $26 million - reinsurance settlement, partially offset by actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - decreased $1.1 billion primarily due to the following business drivers:
market factors - decreased adjusted earnings by $1.2 billion:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds, as well as lower prepayment fees volume growth - decreased adjusted earnings by $135 million, consistent with business run-off underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $179 million:

favorable underwriting - favorable mortality experience in our life business, partially offset by less favorable morbidity experience in our long-term care business
lower dividend expense due to dividend scale reductions, as well as run-off in the mlic closed block expenses - increased adjusted earnings by $20 million:
lower corporate-related expenses notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $15 million:
2022 notable items - favorable impact of $26 million - reinsurance settlement, partially offset by actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments
2021 notable item - favorable impact of $11 million - actuarial assumption review corporate & other years ended december 31,
2023                                                                     2022                        2021
(in millions)
total adjusted revenues                                       $808                        $655                        $766
total adjusted expenses                                      1,975                       1,613                       1,496
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                   (407)                       (343)                       (574)
adjusted earnings                                            (760)                       (615)                       (156)
less: preferred stock dividends                                198       185                         195
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders          $(958)                      $(800)                      $(351)
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues                    $455                        $382                        $457
the table below presents adjusted earnings available to common shareholders by source:
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                               2022                        2021
(in millions)
business activities                                                                 $87                        $138                        $143
net investment income                                                               353                         276                         313
interest expense on debt                                                        (1,047)                       (943)                       (944)
corporate initiatives and projects                                                 (67)                        (64)                       (128)
other                                                                             (493)                       (365)                       (114)
provision for income tax (expense) benefit and other tax-related items              407                         343                         574
preferred stock dividends                                                         (198)                       (185)                       (195)
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders                               $(958)                      $(800)                      $(351)
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - decreased $158 million primarily due to the following:
business activities - decreased adjusted earnings by $40 million:
higher expenses in certain of our businesses net investment income - increased adjusted earnings by $61 million:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities, fvo securities and mortgage loans, and an increase in average invested assets, partially offset by lower income on real estate investments table of contents largely offset by:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and real estate funds interest expense on debt - decreased adjusted earnings by $82 million:
senior note issuances in july 2022, january 2023 and july 2023
interest rate increase on surplus notes partially offset by:
early senior note redemption in february 2023
corporate initiatives and projects & other - decreased adjusted earnings by $103 million:
higher litigation reserves in 2023 (notable item)
higher corporate-related expenses partially offset by:
lower market-related employee costs
lower employee-related expenses taxes - favorable change in corporate & other's taxes:
higher utilization of tax preferenced items, which include non-taxable investment income, tax credits and foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
irs audit settlements in both years had no net impact partially offset by:
higher taxes on stock compensation year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax.
adjusted earnings - decreased $449 million primarily due to the following:
net investment income - decreased adjusted earnings by $29 million:
variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity funds partially offset by:
recurring investment income increased - higher yields from fixed income securities and increased income on real estate investments, partially offset by lower equity market returns on fvo securities and lower yields on mortgage loans corporate initiatives and projects & other - decreased adjusted earnings by $148 million:
higher corporate-related expenses
legal reserve release in 2021 (notable item)
higher interest expense on tax positions due to audit settlements in both years partially offset by:
lower employee-related costs taxes - unfavorable change in corporate & other's taxes:
lower utilization of tax preferenced items, which include non-taxable investment income, tax credits and foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
irs audit settlement in 2021 (notable item)
non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned u.k. investment subsidiary to its u.s. parent in 2021 (notable item)
table of contents partially offset by:
lower taxes on stock compensation
irs audit settlements in 2022
table of contents investments overview we maintain a diversified global general account investment portfolio to support our mix of liabilities in our global businesses. we position our portfolio based on relative value and our view of the economy and financial markets. we maintain our focus on appropriate level of diversification and asset quality.
we manage our investment portfolio using disciplined alm principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. our intent is to match the timing and amount of liability cash outflows with invested assets that have cash inflows of comparable timing and amount, while optimizing risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return. our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with the vast majority of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities afs and mortgage loans. these securities and loans have varying maturities and other characteristics which cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities.
current environment as a global insurance company, we continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment, the fiscal and monetary policy of governments and central banks around the world and other governmental measures. global inflation, supply chain disruptions, acts of war and banking sector volatility continue to impact the global economy and financial markets and have caused volatility in the global equity, credit and real estate markets. see "- industry trends - financial and economic environment" for further information regarding conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally which may affect us. these factors may persist for some time and may continue to impact pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, as well as our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives. rising market interest rates have impacted our investment portfolio and derivatives. see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- results of operations - consolidated results - adjusted earnings" for impacts on our derivatives and analysis of the period over period changes in investment portfolio results and "investments - fixed maturity securities afs - evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss - evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs in an unrealized loss position" in note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for impacts on the net unrealized gain (loss) on our fixed maturity securities afs.
selected country investments we have a market presence in numerous countries and, therefore, our investment portfolio, which supports our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities, as well as our global portfolio diversification objectives, is exposed to risks posed by local political and economic conditions. the countries included in the following table have been the most affected by these risks. the table below presents a summary of selected country fixed maturity securities afs, at estimated fair value, on a "country of risk basis" (e.g. where the issuer primarily conducts business).
selected country fixed maturity securities afs at december 31, 2023
country                         sovereign (1)                           financial                          non-financial                                                      total (2)
services                               services
(dollars in millions)
peru                                87                                    5                                   178                                                             270
egypt                               84                                    -                                     1                                                              85
ukraine                             45                                    -                                     2                                                              47
russian federation                  28                                    -                                     -                                                              28
turkey                              17                                    2                                     6                                                              25
total                             $261                                   $7                                  $187                                                            $455
investment grade %                31.4      %                          45.3     %                            87.2      %                                                     54.5     %
__________________
(1)sovereign includes government and agency.
(2)the par value, amortized cost, net of acl and estimated fair value, net of purchased and written credit default swaps of these securities were $532 million, $459 million and $266 million, respectively, at december 31, 2023. the notional value and estimated fair value of the net purchased credit default swaps were $192 million and $3 million, respectively, at december 31, 2023.
table of contents we manage direct and indirect investment exposure in the selected countries through fundamental analysis and we continually monitor and adjust our level of investment exposure. we do not expect that our general account investments in these countries will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
investment portfolio results see "- overview" for a discussion of our investment portfolio and a summary of how we manage our investment portfolio. the following tables present a reconciliation of net investment income under gaap to adjusted net investment income and our yield table. the yield table presentation is consistent with how we measure our investment performance for management purposes, and we believe it enhances understanding of our investment portfolio results.
reconciliation of net investment income under gaap to adjusted net investment income years ended december 31,
2023                                                       2022
(in millions)
net investment income - gaap                $19,908                         $15,916
investment hedge adjustments                  1,012        976
unit-linked investment income               (1,183)                           1,298
other                                            12                             (1)
adjusted net investment income (1)          $19,749                         $18,189
__________________
(1)see "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the adjustments made to net investment income under gaap in calculating adjusted net investment income.
yield table years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                              2022
asset class                                                         yield% (1)                       amount                    yield% (1)                       amount
(dollars in millions)
fixed maturity securities (2), (3)                                  4.20                 %     $12,499                         3.76                 %     $11,098
net mortgage loans (3)                                              5.15                         4,353                         4.34                         3,536
real estate and real estate joint ventures                          0.12                            16                         6.40                           798
policy loans                                                        5.41                           471                         5.15                           459
equity securities                                                   3.61                            31                         3.96                            36
other limited partnership interests (4)                             3.10                           455                         5.92                           860
cash and short-term investments                                     5.73                           811                         2.31                           282
other invested assets                                                                            1,666                            -                         1,670
investment income                                                   4.58                 %     $20,302                         4.32                 %     $18,739
investment fees and expenses                                      (0.13)                         (553)                       (0.12)                         (539)
net investment income including divested businesses (5)             4.45                 %     $19,749                         4.20                 %     $18,200
less: net investment income from divested businesses (5)                                                                                                       11
adjusted net investment income                                                                 $19,749                                                    $18,189
__________________
(1)we calculate annualized yields using adjusted net investment income as a percent of average quarterly asset carrying values. adjusted net investment income excludes realized gains (losses) from sales and disposals and includes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. asset carrying values utilized in the calculation of yields exclude unrecognized unrealized gains (losses), mortgage loans originated for third parties, collateral received in connection with our securities lending program, annuities funding structured settlement claims, freestanding derivative assets, collateral received from derivative counterparties and contractholder-directed equity securities. invested assets reclassified to held-for-sale and ceded policy loans are included in the calculation of yields, but are otherwise excluded from asset carrying values. a yield is not presented for other invested assets, as it is not considered a meaningful measure of performance for this asset class.

(2)fixed maturity securities in the yield table includes fvo securities; accordingly, investment income (loss) from fixed maturity securities includes amounts from fvo securities of $188 million and ($127) million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and fvo securities asset carrying values are included in the calculation of average quarterly fixed maturity securities asset carrying values in the yield calculation.
(3)investment income from fixed maturity securities and net mortgage loans includes prepayment fees and excludes investment income from mortgage loans originated for third parties, respectively. see "- net mortgage loans."
(4)see "- results of operations - consolidated results - adjusted earnings" for discussion of results for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022.
(5)see "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of divested businesses.
see "- results of operations - consolidated results - adjusted earnings" for an analysis of the period over period changes in investment portfolio results.
net investment gains (losses)
we purchase investments to support our insurance liabilities and not to generate net investment gains and losses. however, net investment gains and losses are incurred and can change significantly from period to period due to changes in external influences, including changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity markets; counterparty specific factors such as financial performance, credit rating and collateral valuation; and internal factors such as portfolio rebalancing. changes in these factors from period to period can significantly impact the levels of provision for credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio, as well as realized gains and losses on investments sold.
see "- results of operations - consolidated results" for an analysis of the year-over-year changes in realized gains (losses) on investments sold, provision (release) for credit loss and impairments and non-investment portfolio gains (losses).
fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities the following table presents public and private fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities held at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                        2022
securities by type                               estimated fair                    % of                   estimated fair                    % of value                   total                            value                   total
(dollars in millions)
fixed maturity securities afs publicly-traded                                 $209,616                       74.5   %                  $211,579                       76.4   %
privately-placed                                  71,796                       25.5                        65,201                       23.6
total fixed maturity securities afs             $281,412                      100.0   %                  $276,780                      100.0   %
percentage of cash and invested assets              60.3      %                                              61.0      %
equity securities publicly-traded                                     $506                       66.8   %                    $1,423                       84.5   %
privately-held                                       251                       33.2                           261                       15.5
total equity securities                             $757                      100.0   %                    $1,684                      100.0   %
percentage of cash and invested assets               0.2      %                                               0.4      %
see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about fixed maturity securities afs by sector, contractual maturities, continuous gross unrealized losses and equity securities by security type and the related cost, net unrealized gains (losses) and estimated fair value of these securities; as well as realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals and unrealized net gains (losses) recognized in earnings.
included within fixed maturity securities afs are structured securities, including residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs"), asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations (collectively, "abs & clo") and commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") (collectively, "structured products"). see "- structured products" for further information.
table of contents valuation of securities. we are responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of our investments. we determine the estimated fair value of publicly-traded securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: quoted market prices in active markets, independent pricing services, or independent broker quotations. we determine the estimated fair value of privately-placed securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: market standard internal matrix pricing, market standard internal discounted cash flow techniques, or independent pricing services (after we determine the independent pricing services' use of available observable market data). for publicly-traded securities, the number of quotations obtained varies by instrument and depends on the liquidity of the particular instrument. generally, we obtain prices from multiple pricing services to cover all asset classes and obtain multiple prices for certain securities, but ultimately utilize the price with the highest placement in the fair value hierarchy. independent pricing services that value these instruments use market standard valuation methodologies based on data about market transactions and inputs from multiple pricing sources that are market observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the types of market standard valuation methodologies utilized and key assumptions and observable inputs used in applying these standard valuation methodologies. when a price is not available in the active market or through an independent pricing service, management values the security primarily using market standard internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, and non-binding quotations from independent brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities. independent non-binding broker quotations utilize inputs that may be difficult to corroborate with observable market data. as shown in the following section, less than 1% of our fixed maturity securities afs were valued using non-binding quotations from independent brokers at december 31, 2023.
senior management, independent of the trading and investing functions, is responsible for the oversight of control systems and valuation policies for securities, mortgage loans, real estate and derivatives. on a quarterly basis, new transaction types and markets are reviewed and approved to ensure that observable market prices and market-based parameters are used for valuation, wherever possible, and for determining that valuation adjustments, when applied, are based upon established policies and are applied consistently over time. senior management oversees the selection of independent third-party pricing providers and the controls and procedures to evaluate third-party pricing.
we review our valuation methodologies on an ongoing basis and revise those methodologies when necessary based on changing market conditions. assurance is gained on the overall reasonableness and consistent application of input assumptions, valuation methodologies and compliance with fair value accounting guidance through controls designed to ensure valuations represent an exit price. several controls are utilized, including certain monthly controls, which include, but are not limited to, analysis of portfolio returns to corresponding benchmark returns, comparing a sample of executed prices of securities sold to the fair value estimates, comparing fair value estimates to management's knowledge of the current market, reviewing the bid/ask spreads to assess activity, comparing prices from multiple independent pricing services and ongoing due diligence to confirm that independent pricing services use market-based parameters. the process includes a determination of the observability of inputs used in estimated fair values received from independent pricing services or brokers by assessing whether these inputs can be corroborated by observable market data. we ensure that prices received from independent brokers, also referred to herein as "consensus pricing," are representative of estimated fair value by considering such pricing relative to our knowledge of the current market dynamics and current pricing for similar investments.
on a quarterly basis, we also apply a formal process to challenge any prices received from independent pricing services that are not considered representative of estimated fair value. if prices received from independent pricing services are not considered reflective of market activity or representative of estimated fair value, independent non-binding broker quotations are obtained, or an internally developed valuation is prepared. internally developed valuations of current estimated fair value, compared with pricing received from the independent pricing services, did not produce material differences in the estimated fair values for the majority of the portfolio; accordingly, overrides were not material. this is, in part, because internal estimates are generally based on available market evidence and estimates used by other market participants. in the absence of such market-based evidence, management's best estimate is used.
we have reviewed the significance and observability of inputs used in the valuation methodologies to determine the appropriate fair value hierarchy level for each of our securities. based on the results of this review and investment class analysis, each instrument is categorized as level 1, 2 or 3 based on the lowest level significant input to its valuation. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for valuation approaches and key inputs by major category of assets or liabilities that are classified within level 2 and level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
table of contents fair value of fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value pricing sources were as follows:
december 31, 2023
level                                                                                               fixed maturity                                            equity securities afs                                        securities
(dollars in millions)
level 1
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets                           $15,330                     5.4   %                  $429                    56.7   %
level 2
independent pricing sources                                                    233,135                    82.9                        76                    10.0
internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques                           -                       -                         3                     0.4
significant other observable inputs                                           $233,135                    82.9   %                   $79                    10.4   %
level 3
independent pricing sources                                                     24,414                     8.7                        43                     5.7
internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques                       7,830                     2.8                       197                    26.0
independent broker quotations                                     703                                      0.2                         9                     1.2
significant unobservable inputs                                                $32,947                    11.7   %                  $249                    32.9   %
total at estimated fair value                                                 $281,412                   100.0   %                  $757                   100.0   %
see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities fair value hierarchy; a rollforward of the fair value measurements for securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs; transfers into and/or out of level 3; and further information about the valuation approaches and inputs by level by major classes of invested assets that affect the amounts reported above.
the majority of the level 3 fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities were concentrated in three sectors at december 31, 2023: foreign corporate securities, u.s. corporate securities and abs & clo. during the year ended december 31, 2023, level 3 fixed maturity securities afs increased by $4.2 billion, or 14.5%. the increase was driven by purchases in excess of sales and an increase in estimated fair value recognized in oci, partially offset by transfers out of level 3 in excess of transfers into level 3.
fixed maturity securities afs credit quality - ratings the securities valuation office of the naic evaluates the fixed maturity securities of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes. the naic assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories defined as "naic designations." in general, securities with naic designations of 1 and 2 are considered investment grade and securities with naic designations of 3 through 6 are considered below investment grade. if no naic designation is available, then, as permitted by the naic, an internally developed designation is used.
naic designations for non-agency rmbs and cmbs are based on a modeling methodology that estimates security level expected losses under a variety of economic scenarios. the modeling methodology for non-agency rmbs and cmbs issued prior to january 1, 2013 incorporates the amortized cost of the security (including any purchase discounts and prior impairments) and the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost; while for non-agency rmbs and cmbs issued after january 1, 2013, the modeling methodology does not incorporate the amortized cost of the security. the naic's objective with the modeling methodology is to increase accuracy in estimating expected losses and recovery value, and to use this credit quality assessment to determine an appropriate rbc charge for non-agency rmbs and cmbs. we utilize these naic designations for our non-agency rmbs and cmbs in our disclosures below. the naic evaluates non-agency rmbs and cmbs held by insurers on an annual basis. when we acquire non-agency rmbs and cmbs that have not been previously evaluated by the naic, an internally developed designation is used until a naic designation becomes available.
table of contents in addition to the six naic designations, the naic maintains 20 "naic designation categories" which is an additional, more granular credit quality categorization. these naic designation categories correspond more closely to the nrsro's alpha-numeric credit quality ratings. the naic maintains unique rbc factors for each of the 20 naic designation categories. the naic's goal is to better align rbc charges on securities with the instruments' actual credit risk.
rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the naic credit rating provider list, including moody's investors service ("moody's"), s&p, fitch ratings ("fitch"), dbrs morningstar, a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), kroll bond rating agency and egan jones ratings company. if no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used.
naic designations are generally similar to the credit quality ratings of the nrsros, except for (i) non-agency rmbs and cmbs as described above, and (ii) securities rated ca or c by nrsros, included within caa and lower in our disclosures below, that are designated naic 6; accordingly, naic designations may not correspond to nrsro ratings.
the following table presents total fixed maturity securities afs by nrsro rating, except for non-agency rmbs and cmbs, which are presented using naic designations for modeled securities. in addition, in the following table, the applicable naic designation from the naic published comparison of nrsro ratings to naic designations is provided.
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                         2022
nrsro                                     naic designation                             amortized                    unrealized                    estimated                    % of                                 amortized                    unrealized                    estimated                    % of rating                                                                           cost net of acl                gains (losses)                         fair                   total                           cost net of acl                gains (losses)                         fair                   total value                                                                                                                        value
(dollars in millions)
aaa/aa/a                                                                        $209,232                      $(14,510)                      $194,722                      69.2            %                 $209,951                      $(19,930)                      $190,021                      68.7            %
baa                                                                               77,534                        (3,854)                        73,680                      26.2                                81,280                        (8,086)                        73,194                      26.5
subtotal investment grade                                                        286,766                       (18,364)                       268,402                      95.4                               291,231                       (28,016)                       263,215                      95.2
ba                                                                                10,694                          (395)                        10,299                       3.7                                11,223                          (712)                        10,511                       3.8
b                                                                                  2,491                          (120)                         2,371                       0.8                                 2,786                          (215)                         2,571                       0.9
caa and lower                                                                        280                           (22)                           258                       0.1                                   517                          (116)                           401                       0.1
in or near default                                                                   140                           (58)                            82                         -                                    85                            (3)                            82                         -
subtotal below investment grade                                                   13,605                          (595)                        13,010                       4.6                                14,611                        (1,046)                        13,565                       4.8
total fixed maturity securities afs                                             $300,371                      $(18,959)                      $281,412                     100.0            %                 $305,842                      $(29,062)                      $276,780                     100.0            %
94
table of contents the following tables present total fixed maturity securities afs, at estimated fair value, by sector and by nrsro rating, except for non-agency rmbs and cmbs, which are presented using naic designations for modeled securities. in addition, in the following table, the applicable naic designation from the naic published comparison of the nrsro ratings to naic designations is provided.
fixed maturity securities afs - by sector &amp; credit quality rating nrsro rating                                      aaa/aa/a                          baa                          ba                           b                    caa and                    in or near                           total lower                       default                       estimated fair value naic designation
(dollars in millions)
december 31, 2023
u.s. corporate                                $42,892                      $31,942                       $4,093                      $1,602                      $158                          $30                         $80,717
foreign corporate                              19,519                       32,144                        3,300                         458                         9                           14                          55,444
foreign government                             37,024                        5,727                        2,410                         245                        52                           31                          45,489
u.s. government and agency                     31,876                          376                            -                           -                         -                            -                          32,252
rmbs                                           28,381                          602                           68                          40                         3                            2                          29,096
abs &amp; clo                                  14,345                        2,548                          345                          26                        26                            4                          17,294
municipals                                     10,974                          168                           29                           -                         -                            -                          11,171
cmbs                                            9,711                          173                           54                           -                        10                            1                           9,949
total fixed maturity securities afs          $194,722                      $73,680                      $10,299                      $2,371                      $258                          $82                        $281,412
percentage of total                              69.2    %                    26.2    %                     3.7   %                     0.8   %                   0.1    %                       -     %   100.0                       %
december 31, 2022
u.s. corporate                                $40,293                           $33,569                  $4,281                      $1,659                      $209                          $19                         $80,030
foreign corporate                              18,229                            30,657                   3,121                         513                        51                            1                          52,572
foreign government                             38,658                             5,143                   2,582                         256                        65                           43                          46,747
u.s. government and agency                     31,786                               443                       -                           -                         -                            -                          32,229
rmbs                                           25,510                               504                      59                          69                        13                           10                          26,165
abs &amp; clo                                  13,848                             2,495                     370                          74                        26                            9                          16,822
municipals                                     11,932                               196                      24                           -                         -                            -                          12,152
cmbs                                            9,765                               187                      74                           -                        37                            -                          10,063
total fixed maturity securities afs          $190,021                      $73,194                      $10,511                      $2,571                      $401                          $82                        $276,780
percentage of total                              68.7    %                    26.5    %                     3.8   %                     0.9   %                   0.1    %                       -     %   100.0                       %
table of contents u.s. and foreign corporate fixed maturity securities afs we maintain a broadly diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities afs across many industries and issuers. this portfolio did not have any exposure to any single issuer in excess of 1% of total investments at either december 31, 2023 or 2022. the top 10 holdings comprised 1% of total investments at both december 31, 2023 and 2022. the table below presents our u.s. and foreign corporate securities portfolios by industry at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                            2022
industry                                                   estimated                    % of                       estimated                    % of fair                   total                            fair                   total value                                                   value
(dollars in millions)
finance                                                $32,142                      23.5   %                   $30,786                      23.2   %
consumer (cyclical and non-cyclical)                    28,391                      20.9                        27,834                      21.0
utility                                                 24,058                      17.7                        23,215                      17.5
industrial (basic, capital goods and other)             14,240                      10.5                        14,276                      10.8
transportation                                          12,132                       8.9                        11,342                       8.5
communications                                          10,048                       7.4                        10,046                       7.6
energy                                                   7,917                       5.8                         7,711                       5.8
technology                                               4,262                       3.1                         4,396                       3.3
other                                                    2,971                       2.2                         2,996                       2.3
total                                                 $136,161                     100.0   %                  $132,602                     100.0   %
structured products our investments in structured products are collateralized by residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, bank loans and other assets. our investment selection criteria and monitoring include review of credit ratings, characteristics of the assets underlying the securities, borrower characteristics and the level of credit enhancement. we held $56.3 billion and $53.0 billion of structured products, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as presented in the rmbs, abs & clo and cmbs sections below.
rmbs our rmbs portfolio is broadly diversified by security type and risk profile.
on a security type basis, rmbs includes collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through mortgage-backed securities. collateralized mortgage obligations are structured by dividing the cash flows of mortgage loans into separate pools or tranches of risk that create multiple classes of bonds with varying maturities and priority of payments. pass-through mortgage-backed securities are secured by a mortgage loan or collection of mortgage loans. the monthly mortgage loan payments from homeowners pass from the originating bank through an intermediary, such as a government agency or investment bank, which collects the payments and, for a fee, remits or passes these payments through to the holders of the pass-through securities.
on a risk profile basis, rmbs includes agency and non-agency securities. agency rmbs were guaranteed or otherwise supported by the federal national mortgage association, federal home loan mortgage corporation or government national mortgage association. non-agency securities include prime, prime investor, non-qualified residential mortgage ("nqm"), alternative ("alt-a"), reperforming and sub-prime mortgage-backed securities. prime (owner-occupied) and prime investor (non owner-occupied) loans were originated to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. nqm and alt-a are classifications of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower is between prime and sub-prime. sub-prime mortgage lending is the origination of residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weak credit profiles, while reperforming loans were previously delinquent that returned to performing status.
table of contents the following table presents our rmbs portfolio by security type, risk profile and ratings profile at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                    2022
estimated                    % of            net                                 estimated                    % of            net fair                   total            unrealized                               fair                   total            unrealized value                                    gains (losses)                          value                                    gains (losses)
(dollars in millions)
security type collateralized mortgage obligations               $16,704                      57.4   %            $(1,268)                        $15,275                      58.4   %            $(1,917)
pass-through mortgage-backed securities            12,392                      42.6                (1,114)                          10,890                      41.6                (1,414)
total rmbs                                        $29,096                     100.0   %            $(2,382)                        $26,165                     100.0   %            $(3,331)
risk profile agency                                            $18,472                      63.5   %            $(1,650)                        $16,291                      62.3   %            $(2,183)
non-agency prime and prime investor                            4,827                      16.6                (435)                             3,958                      15.1                (687)
nqm and alt-a                                       1,760                       6.0                (75)                              1,964                       7.5                (126)
reperforming and sub-prime                          2,622                       9.0                (167)                             2,892                      11.1                (230)
other (1)                                           1,415                       4.9                (55)                              1,060                       4.0                (105)
subtotal non-agency                                10,624                      36.5   %            (732)                             9,874                      37.7   %            (1,148)
total rmbs                                        $29,096                     100.0   %            $(2,382)                        $26,165                     100.0   %            $(3,331)
ratings profile rated aaa and aa                                  $25,307                      87.0   %                                            $21,927                      83.8   %
designated naic 1                                 $28,384                      97.6   %                                            $25,514                      97.5   %
__________________
(1)other non-agency rmbs are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities collateralized by the following mortgage loan types: single family rental, early buyout securitization and small business commercial.
the majority of our rmbs holdings were rated aaa and were designated naic 1 at both december 31, 2023 and 2022.
we manage our exposure to reperforming and sub-prime rmbs holdings by focusing primarily on senior tranche securities, stress testing the portfolio with severe loss assumptions and closely monitoring the performance of the portfolio. our reperforming rmbs are generally newer vintage securities and higher quality at purchase and the vast majority are investment grade under naic designations (e.g., naic 1 and naic 2). our sub-prime rmbs portfolio consists predominantly of securities that were purchased at significant discounts to par value and discounts to the expected principal recovery value of these securities, and the vast majority are investment grade under naic designations.
table of contents abs & clo our non-mortgage loan-backed structured securities are comprised of two broad categories of securitizations: abs & clo. these portfolios are broadly diversified by collateral type and issuer. the following table presents our abs & clo portfolios by collateral type and ratings profile at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                  2022
estimated                    % of                           net                  estimated                    % of                           net fair                   total                    unrealized                       fair                   total                    unrealized value                                        gains (losses)                      value                                        gains (losses)
(dollars in millions)
abs collateral type vehicle and equipment loans            $1,605                       9.2   %                  $(23)                      $1,404                       8.4   %                  $(61)
digital infrastructure                  1,376                       8.0                       (77)                       1,014                       6.0                      (112)
consumer loans                            944                       5.5                       (78)                       1,212                       7.2                      (118)
credit card                               904                       5.2                        (4)                       1,181                       7.0                       (17)
franchise                                 852                       4.9                       (65)                         931                       5.5                      (113)
student loans                             702                       4.1                       (58)                         814                       4.9                       (91)
other (1)                               3,038                      17.6                      (241)                       2,896                      17.2                      (335)
total abs                               9,421                      54.5   %                  (546)                       9,452                      56.2   %                  (847)
clo (2)                                 7,873                      45.5   %                   (63)                       7,370                      43.8   %                  (322)
total abs &amp; clo                   $17,294                     100.0   %                 $(609)                     $16,822                     100.0   %               $(1,169)
abs ratings profile rated aaa and aa                       $3,970                      42.1   %                                             $4,285                      45.3   %
designated naic 1                      $7,227                      76.7   %                                             $7,211                      76.3   %
clo ratings profile rated aaa and aa                       $5,913                      75.1   %                                             $5,454                      74.0   %
designated naic 1                      $7,118                      90.4   %                                             $6,634                      90.0   %
abs &amp; clo ratings profile rated aaa and aa                       $9,883                      57.1   %                                             $9,739                      57.9   %
designated naic 1                     $14,345                      82.9   %                                            $13,845                      82.3   %
_________________
(1)other abs are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities with the following collateral types: foreign residential loans, transportation equipment and renewable energy.
(2)includes primarily securities collateralized by broadly syndicated bank loans.
table of contents cmbs our cmbs portfolio is comprised primarily of conduit, single asset and single borrower securities. conduit securities are collateralized by many commercial mortgage loans and are broadly diversified by property type, borrower and geography. the following tables present our cmbs portfolio by collateral type and ratings profile at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2022
estimated fair value                    % of total            net unrealized gains (losses)                    estimated fair value                    % of total            net unrealized gains (losses)
(dollars in millions)
collateral type conduit                                                                 $6,102                             61.3     %            $(643)                                                $6,781                             67.4     %            $(740)
single asset and single borrower                                         1,997                             20.1                  (136)                                                  1,971                             19.6                  (184)
agency                                                                     735                              7.4                  (93)                                                     607                              5.9                  (99)
commercial real estate collateralized loan obligations                     437                              4.4                  (9)                                                      418                              4.2                  (14)
other                                                                      678                              6.8                  (7)                                                      286                              2.9                  (4)
total cmbs                                                              $9,949                            100.0     %            $(888)                                               $10,063                            100.0     %            $(1,041)
ratings profile rated aaa and aa                                                        $8,262                             83.0     %                                                                  $8,138                             80.9     %
designated naic 1                                                       $9,710                             97.6     %                                                                  $9,765                             97.0     %
evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss, rollforward of allowance for credit loss and credit loss on fixed maturity securities afs recognized in earnings see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss, rollforward of the acl, net credit loss provision (release) and impairment (losses), as well as realized gross gains (losses) on sales and disposals of fixed maturity securities afs at december 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs we participate in securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs with unaffiliated financial institutions in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio.
securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements: we account for these arrangements as secured borrowings and record a liability in the amount of the cash received. we obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the securities are returned to us. through these arrangements, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of $13.8 billion and $15.2 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, including a portion that may require the immediate return of cash collateral we hold. see notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the secured borrowings accounting and the classification of revenues and expenses.
third-party custodian administered programs: the estimated fair value of securities we own which are loaned in connection with these programs was $362 million and $324 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the estimated fair value of the related non-cash collateral on deposit with third-party custodians on our behalf, which is not reflected in our consolidated financial statements and cannot be sold or re-pledged, was $371 million and $331 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
net mortgage loans our mortgage loan investments are principally collateralized by commercial, agricultural and residential properties. the company originates and acquires mortgage loans and, in certain cases, transfers proportional rights to cash flows of certain mortgage loans to third parties under participation agreements, which are recorded as secured borrowings. the net mortgage loan information presented herein does not include mortgage loans originated for third parties and the related acl. see notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
table of contents net mortgage loans carried at amortized cost and the related acl are summarized as follows at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2022
portfolio segment             amortized cost (1)                    % of                 acl (1)                   acl as % of                amortized cost                    % of                    acl                   acl as % of total                                        amortized cost                                                 total                                       amortized cost
(dollars in millions)
commercial                      $52,111                         61.5   %               $295                         0.6      %                $52,502                       62.3   %               $218                        0.4      %
agricultural                     19,559                         23.1                    171                         0.9      %                 19,306                       22.9                    119                        0.6      %
residential                      13,096                         15.4                    182                         1.4      %                 12,482                       14.8                    190                        1.5      %
total                           $84,766                        100.0   %               $648                         0.8      %                $84,290                      100.0   %               $527                        0.6      %
__________________
(1)does not include mortgage loans originated for third parties of $8.5 billion at amortized cost ($8.2 billion commercial and $246 million agricultural) or the related acl of $73 million at december 31, 2023.
we diversify our mortgage loan investments by both geographic region and property type to reduce the risk of concentration. of our net commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost, 86% are collateralized by properties located in the u.s., with the remaining 14% collateralized by properties located primarily in mexico, the u.k. and australia at december 31, 2023. the carrying values of our net commercial and agricultural mortgage loans collateralized by properties located in california, new york and texas were 15%, 9% and 6%, respectively, of total net commercial and agricultural mortgage loans at december 31, 2023. additionally, we manage risk when originating commercial and agricultural mortgage loan investments by generally lending up to 75% of the estimated fair value of the underlying real estate collateral.
we manage our residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost in a similar manner to reduce risk of concentration, with 91% collateralized by properties located in the u.s., and the remaining 9% collateralized by properties located in chile, at december 31, 2023. the carrying values of our residential mortgage loans located in california, florida and new york were 32%, 10% and 8%, respectively, of total residential mortgage loans at december 31, 2023.
table of contents net commercial mortgage loans by geographic region and property type. net commercial mortgage loans are the largest mortgage loan portfolio segment. the tables below present, at amortized cost, the diversification of these investments across geographic regions and property types:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                    2022
amount                    % of                       amount                    % of total                                                total
(dollars in millions)
region pacific                             $9,016                     17.3   %                  $9,628                     18.3   %
non-u.s.                             8,933                     17.1                       9,299                     17.7
middle atlantic                      7,477                     14.3                       7,574                     14.4
south atlantic                       6,637                     12.7                       6,617                     12.6
west south central                   3,472                      6.7                       3,721                      7.1
new england                          2,859                      5.5                       2,764                      5.3
mountain                             2,193                      4.2                       2,284                      4.4
east north central                   1,822                      3.5                       1,594                      3.0
east south central                     654                      1.3                         620                      1.2
west north central                     613                      1.2                         597                      1.1
multi-region and other               8,435                     16.2                       7,804                     14.9
total amortized cost               $52,111                    100.0   %                 $52,502                    100.0   %
less: acl                              295                                                  218
carrying value, net of acl         $51,816                                              $52,284
property type office                             $19,651                     37.7   %                 $21,009                     40.0   %
apartment                           11,974                     23.0                      10,575                     20.2
retail                               7,218                     13.9                       8,046                     15.3
industrial                           5,275                     10.1                       5,607                     10.7
single family rental                 4,728                      9.1                       3,979                      7.6
hotel                                3,140                      6.0                       3,172                      6.0
other                                  125                      0.2                         114                      0.2
total amortized cost               $52,111                    100.0   %                 $52,502                    100.0   %
less: acl                              295                                                  218
carrying value, net of acl         $51,816                                              $52,284
our commercial mortgage loan investments are well positioned with exposures concentrated in high quality underlying properties located in primary markets typically with institutional investors who are better positioned to manage their assets during periods of market volatility. our portfolio is comprised primarily of lower risk loans with higher debt-service coverage ratios ("dscr") and lower loan-to-value ("ltv") ratios, as shown below.
credit quality - monitoring process. we monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review by credit quality indicator and by the performance indicators of current, past due, restructured and under foreclosure. see below for further information on net mortgage loans by credit quality indicator. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information by performance indicator.
table of contents we review our commercial mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis. these reviews may include an analysis of the property financial statements and rent roll, lease rollover analysis, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, ltv ratios, dscr and tenant creditworthiness. the monitoring process focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are classified as restructured, delinquent or in foreclosure, as well as loans with higher ltv ratios and lower dscr. the monitoring process for agricultural mortgage loan investments is generally similar, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as loans with higher ltv ratios. agricultural mortgage loan investments are reviewed on an ongoing basis which include, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, ltv ratios and borrower creditworthiness, including reviews on a geographic and property-type basis. we review our residential mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as nonperforming loans. see notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on our evaluation of residential mortgage loan investments and related acl methodology.
ltv ratios and dscr are common measures in the assessment of the quality of commercial mortgage loan investments. ltv ratios are a common measure in the assessment of the quality of agricultural mortgage loan investments. ltv ratios compare the amount of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. an ltv ratio greater than 100% indicates that the loan amount is greater than the collateral value. an ltv ratio of less than 100% indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. generally, the higher the ltv ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. the dscr compares a property's net operating income to amounts needed to service the principal and interest due under the loan. generally, the lower the dscr, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. for our net commercial mortgage loans, our average ltv ratio was 64% and 57% at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and our average dscr was 2.3x and 2.6x at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the dscr and the values utilized in calculating the ratio are updated routinely. in addition, the ltv ratio is routinely updated for all but the lowest risk loans as part of our ongoing review of our commercial mortgage loan investments. for our net agricultural mortgage loans, our average ltv ratio was 47% at both december 31, 2023 and 2022. the values utilized in calculating our agricultural mortgage loan investments ltv ratio are developed in connection with the ongoing review of our portfolio and are routinely updated.
the distribution of our net commercial mortgage loan portfolios totaling $52.1 billion at amortized cost at december 31, 2023 by key credit quality indicators of ltv and dscr was as follows:
december 31, 2023
dscr ltv                              &gt; 1.2x                1.0-1.2x                  &lt; 1.0x                   total
&lt;65%                         48.6     %                2.1    %                  1.2     %                51.9   %
65% - 75%                       23.7     %                2.3    %                  1.4     %                27.4   %
76% - 80%                        5.5     %                0.9    %                  0.7     %                 7.1   %
&gt;80%                          8.8     %                2.2    %                  2.6     %                13.6   %
total                           86.6     %                7.5    %                  5.9     %               100.0   %
the distribution of our net agricultural mortgage loan portfolios totaling $19.6 billion at amortized cost at december 31, 2023 by the key credit quality indicator of ltv was as follows:
december 31, 2023
ltv                                           total
&lt;65%                                92.7       %
65% - 75%                               6.5       %
76% - 80%                                 -       %
&gt;80%                                 0.8       %
total                                 100.0       %
table of contents mortgage loan allowance for credit loss. our acl is established for both pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for mortgage loan investments with dissimilar risk characteristics, such as collateral dependent loans, individually and on a loan specific basis. we record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in earnings within net investment gains (losses) in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loan investments that the company does not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loan investments being presented at the net amount expected to be collected.
in determining our acl, management (i) pools mortgage loans that share similar risk characteristics, (ii) considers expected lifetime credit loss over contractual terms of mortgage loans, as adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions, and (iii) considers past events and current and forecasted economic conditions. actual credit loss realized could be different from the amount of the acl recorded. these evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available, which can cause the acl to increase or decrease over time as such evaluations are revised. negative credit migration, including an actual or expected increase in the level of problem loans, will result in an increase in the acl. positive credit migration, including an actual or expected decrease in the level of problem loans, will result in a decrease in the acl. see notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on how the acl is established and monitored, and activity in and balances of the acl.
real estate and real estate joint ventures our real estate investments are comprised of wholly-owned properties, and interests in both real estate joint ventures and real estate funds which invest in a wide variety of properties and property types, including single and multi-property projects, and are broadly diversified across multiple property types and geographies.
the carrying value of our real estate investments was $13.3 billion and $13.1 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, or 2.9% of cash and invested assets, at both december 31, 2023 and 2022.
our real estate investments are typically stabilized properties that we intend to hold for the longer-term for portfolio diversification and long-term appreciation. our real estate investment portfolio had significantly appreciated to a $4.8 billion and $6.7 billion unrealized gain position at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
we continuously monitor and assess our real estate investments for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the real estate may be impaired. as a result of our impairment analyses on our real estate investments, we recorded impairment (loss) of $2 million during the year ended december 31, 2023; there was no impairment (loss) during the year ended december 31, 2022.
we diversify our real estate investments by property type, form of equity interest (wholly-owned, joint venture and funds) and geographic region to reduce risk of concentration. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our real estate investments, by income type, as well as income earned.
property type diversification: our real estate investments are categorized by property type as follows at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                            2022
property type                                                  carrying                    % of                     carrying                    % of value                   total                        value                   total
(dollars in millions)
office                                                      $4,110                     30.8   %                  $3,964                     30.2   %
retail                                                       1,261                      9.5                       1,329                     10.1
apartment                                                    1,160                      8.7                       1,225                      9.3
land                                                           800                      6.0                         901                      6.9
hotel                                                          779                      5.8                         796                      6.1
industrial                                                     423                      3.2                         356                      2.7
agriculture                                                      7                      0.1                           5                        -
other                                                           13                      0.1                           6                        -
wholly-owned and real estate joint ventures                 $8,553                     64.2   %                  $8,582                     65.3   %
diversified property types and multi-property                1,120                      8.4                       1,042                      7.9
real estate funds                                            3,659                     27.4                       3,513                     26.8
total real estate and real estate joint ventures           $13,332                    100.0   %                 $13,137                    100.0   %
table of contents geographical diversification: wholly-owned and real estate joint ventures totaled $8.6 billion at december 31, 2023, 67% of which were located in the u.s. and 33% of such properties were located outside the u.s., at december 31, 2023, at carrying value. the portion of these properties located in japan, washington, d.c. and georgia were 30%, 8% and 8%, respectively, at december 31, 2023, at carrying value.
other limited partnership interests other limited partnership interests are comprised of investments in private funds, including private equity funds and hedge funds. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying value of other limited partnership interests was $14.8 billion and $14.4 billion, which included $27 million and $414 million of hedge funds, respectively. other limited partnership interests were 3.2% of cash and invested assets at both december 31, 2023 and 2022. cash distributions on these investments are generated from investment gains, operating income from the underlying investments of the funds and liquidation of the underlying investments of the funds.
we use the equity method of accounting for most of our private equity funds. we generally recognize our share of a private equity fund's earnings in net investment income on a three-month lag, which is when the information is reported to us. accordingly, changes in equity market levels, which can impact the underlying results of these private equity funds, are recognized in earnings within our net investment income on a three-month lag.
other invested assets the following table presents the carrying value of our other invested assets by type at:
december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                         2022
asset type                                                               carrying value                 % of total                      carrying value                 % of total
(dollars in millions)
freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values              $8,737                        48.0     %                      $11,411                        56.9     %
direct financing leases                                                    1,304                         7.2                              1,195                         6.0
annuities funding structured settlement claims                             1,256                         6.9                              1,238                         6.2
operating joint ventures (1)                                               1,142                         6.3                              1,099                         5.5
company-owned life insurance policies                                      1,036                         5.7                                500                         2.5
tax credit and renewable energy partnerships                               1,034                         5.7                              1,318                         6.6
fhlbny common stock                                                          714                         3.9                                729                         3.6
leveraged leases                                                             689                         3.8                                731                         3.6
funds withheld                                                               436                         2.4                                359                         1.8
other                                                                      1,854                        10.1                              1,458                         6.8
total                                                                    $18,202                         100     %                      $20,038                         100     %
percentage of cash and invested assets                                       3.9      %                                                     4.4      %
__________________
(1)see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's pending disposition of metlife malaysia.
see notes 1, 11 and 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, annuities funding structured settlement claims, direct financing and leveraged leases, operating joint ventures, fhlbny common stock, and funds withheld.
investment commitments we enter into the following commitments in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio: mortgage loan commitments and commitments to fund partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. see note 24 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the amount of our unfunded investment commitments at december 31, 2023 and 2022. see "net investment income" and "net investment gains (losses)" in note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the investment income, investment expense, gains and losses from such investments and the liability for credit loss for unfunded mortgage loan commitments. see also "- fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities," "- net mortgage loans," "- real estate and real estate joint ventures" and "- other limited partnership interests."
table of contents derivatives overview we are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. we use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives, such as market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for:
a comprehensive description of the nature of our derivatives, including the strategies for which derivatives are used in managing various risks.
information about the primary underlying risk exposure, gross notional amount, and estimated fair value of our derivatives by type of hedge designation, excluding embedded derivatives held at december 31, 2023 and 2022.
the statement of operations effects of derivatives in net investments in foreign operations, cash flow, fair value, or nonqualifying hedge relationships for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect derivatives. see also "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures - hedging activities" for more information about our use of derivatives by major hedge program.
net derivative gains (losses)
a portion of our derivatives are designated and qualify as accounting hedges, which reduce volatility in earnings. for those derivatives not designated as accounting hedges, changes in market factors lead to the recognition of fair value changes in net derivative gains (losses) generally without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged, which creates volatility in earnings. we actively evaluate market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure our free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions.
certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits are accounted for as mrbs and measured at estimated fair value. we use freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in these variable annuity guarantees.
we continuously review and refine our hedging strategy in light of changing economic and market conditions, evolving naic and the nydfs statutory requirements, and accounting rule changes. as a part of our current hedging strategy, we maintain portfolio level derivatives in our macro hedge program. these macro hedge program derivatives mitigate the potential deterioration in our capital positions from significant adverse economic conditions.
see "- results of operations - consolidated results" for an analysis of the year-over-year changes in net derivative gains (losses).
liquidity and capital resources overview this discussion should be read in conjunction with the following sections included elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the topics noted below:
notes to the consolidated financial statements:
note 3 (dispositions);
note 5 (funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances ("pabs"), and the related pledged collateral);
note 16 (long-term debt, commercial paper and other short-term debt, credit and committed facilities, and debt and facility covenants);
note 17 (collateral financing arrangement and the related pledged collateral);
note 18 (junior subordinated debt securities and the related replacement capital covenant); and
note 19 (preferred stock and common stock, including the calculation and timing of dividend payments, restrictions on dividends, "dividend stopper" provisions, and metlife, inc.'s common stock repurchase authorizations).
notes to the metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed financial information included in schedule ii of the financial statement schedules:

note 4 (affiliated long-term debt); and
note 5 (support agreements).
risk factors:
"- capital risks";
"- investment risks - we may have difficulty selling holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner to realize their full value";
"- economic environment and capital markets risks - we may lose business due to a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings"; and
"- economic environment and capital markets risks - we may not meet our liquidity needs, access capital, or may face significantly increased cost of capital due to adverse capital and credit market conditions."
our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our market presence in numerous countries, large investment portfolio and the sensitivity of our insurance liabilities and derivatives to changing market factors. changing conditions in the global financial markets and the economy may affect our financing costs and market interest for our debt or equity securities. for further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see "- industry trends" and "- investments - current environment."
liquidity management based upon the strength of our franchise, diversification of our businesses, strong financial fundamentals and the substantial funding sources available to us as described herein, we continue to believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. we continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities.
short-term liquidity and liquid assets an integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, our short-term liquidity position was $19.2 billion and $16.4 billion, respectively, and liquid assets were $182.6 billion and $180.4 billion, respectively.
short-term liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed, including amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
liquid assets include short-term liquidity and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
capital management we have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process. these committees, including the capital management committee and the erc, regularly review actual and projected capital levels (under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios) and our annual capital plan in accordance with our capital policy. the capital management committee is comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s chief financial officer ("cfo"), treasurer, and cro. the erc is also comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s cfo, cro and chief investment officer.
our board of directors and senior management are directly involved in the development and maintenance of our capital policy. the capital policy sets forth, among other things, minimum and target capital levels and the governance of the capital management process. all capital actions, including proposed changes to the annual capital plan, capital targets or capital policy, are reviewed by the finance and risk committee of the board of directors prior to obtaining full board of directors approval. the board of directors approves the capital policy and the annual capital plan and authorizes capital actions, as required.
table of contents the company liquidity liquidity refers to the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our needs. we determine our liquidity needs based on a rolling 12-month forecast by portfolio of invested assets which we monitor daily. we adjust the asset mix and asset maturities based on this rolling 12-month forecast. to support this forecast, we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. we include provisions limiting withdrawal rights on many of our products, including general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. certain of these provisions prevent the customer from making withdrawals prior to the maturity date of the product. in the event of significant cash requirements beyond anticipated liquidity needs, we have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. these available alternatives include cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets, global funding sources including commercial paper and various credit and committed facilities.
under certain stressful market and economic conditions, our access to liquidity may deteriorate, or the cost to access liquidity may increase. a downgrade in our credit or financial strength ratings could also negatively affect our liquidity. if we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of anticipated cash requirements or if we are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with derivatives or our securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. in addition, in the event of such forced sale, for securities in an unrealized loss position, realized losses would be incurred on securities sold and impairments would be incurred, if there is a need to sell securities prior to recovery, which may negatively impact our financial condition.
all general account assets within a particular legal entity, other than those which may have been pledged to a specific purpose, are generally available to fund obligations of the general account of that legal entity.
capital we manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings. see "- rating agencies" for information regarding such ratings. our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions.
statutory capital and dividends our u.s. insurance subsidiaries have statutory surplus well above levels to meet current regulatory requirements.
rbc requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the naic and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. rbc is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. the formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. the formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. these rules apply to most of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries. state insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain rbc levels. as of the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of each of these subsidiaries subject to these requirements was in excess of each of those rbc levels.
as a delaware corporation, american life is subject to delaware law; however, because it does not conduct insurance business in delaware or any other u.s. state, it is exempt from rbc requirements under delaware law. american life's operations are also regulated by applicable authorities of the jurisdictions in which it operates and is subject to capital and solvency requirements in those jurisdictions.
the amount of dividends that our insurance subsidiaries can pay to metlife, inc. or to other parent entities is constrained by the amount of surplus we hold to maintain our ratings, which provides an additional margin for risk protection and investment in our businesses. we proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives, which may include adjusting dividend amounts and deploying financial resources from internal or external sources of capital. certain of these activities may require regulatory approval. furthermore, the payment of dividends and other distributions to metlife, inc. and other parent entities by their respective insurance subsidiaries is governed by insurance laws and regulations. see "business - regulation - state insurance regulation" and "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
table of contents affiliated reinsurance transactions certain subsidiaries of metlife, inc. cede certain products to various affiliated u.s. captive reinsurers and affiliated non-u.s. reinsurers for risk and capital management purposes, as well as to manage statutory reserve requirements. the reinsurance activities among these affiliated companies are eliminated within our consolidated results of operations.
our affiliated u.s. captive reinsurers are licensed under the special purpose financial captive law adopted by their states of domicile, including vermont and south carolina. the statutory reserves of the affiliated ceding companies are supported by a combination of funds withheld assets, investment assets and letters of credit issued by unaffiliated financial institutions. metlife, inc. has entered into various support agreements in connection with the activities of these u.s. captive reinsurers.
our affiliated non-u.s. reinsurers are licensed as insurance companies under the laws of their jurisdictions of domicile, including bermuda and the cayman islands. metlife, inc. has agreed to guarantee certain of the reinsurance obligations of one of our affiliated non-u.s. reinsurers.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our reinsurance activities.
rating agencies rating agencies assign insurer financial strength ratings to metlife, inc.'s u.s. life insurance subsidiaries and credit ratings to metlife, inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms and are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in metlife, inc.'s securities. insurer financial strength ratings are not statements of fact nor are they recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any security, contract or policy. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
rating agencies use an "outlook statement" of "positive," "stable," ''negative'' or "developing" to indicate a medium- or long-term trend in credit fundamentals which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. a rating may have a "stable" outlook to indicate that the rating is not expected to change; however, a "stable" rating does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time, without notice. certain rating agencies assign rating modifiers such as "creditwatch" or "under review" to indicate their opinion regarding the potential direction of a rating. these ratings modifiers are generally assigned in connection with certain events such as potential mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or material changes in a company's results, in order for the rating agency to perform its analysis to fully determine the rating implications of the event.
our insurer financial strength ratings at the date of this filing are indicated in the following table. outlook is stable unless otherwise indicated. additional information about financial strength ratings can be found on the websites of the respective rating agencies.
a.m. best                                                 fitch                                   moody's                                   s&amp;p ratings structure                               "a++ (superior)"                                           "aaa                             "aaa (highest                           "aaa (extremely to "s (suspended)"                               (exceptionally                           quality)" to "c                           strong)" to "sd strong)" to "c                           (lowest rated)"                                (selective
(distressed)"                                                                     default)" or "d
(default)"
american life insurance company                 nr                                                           nr                                        a1                                       aa-
5th of 21                              4th of 21
metropolitan life insurance company             a+                                                          aa-                                       aa3                                       aa-
2nd of 16                                                                        4th of 19                              4th of 21                                 4th of 21
metlife insurance k.k. (metlife japan)          nr                                                           nr                                        nr                                       aa-
4th of 21
metropolitan tower life insurance company       a+                                                          aa-                                       aa3                                       aa-
2nd of 16                                                                        4th of 19                              4th of 21                                 4th of 21
__________________
nr = not rated table of contents credit ratings indicate the rating agency's opinion regarding a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. they are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. the level and composition of regulatory capital at the subsidiary level and our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our insurer financial strength ratings and credit ratings. each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. a downgrade in the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of metlife, inc. or its subsidiaries could adversely impact us.
summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital our primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows:
years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                      2022
(in millions)
sources:
operating activities, net                                                                         $13,721                         $13,044
net change in policyholder account balances                                                         4,711                           5,310
long-term debt issued                                                                               1,989                           1,013
total sources                                                                                      20,421                          19,367
uses:
investing activities, net                                                                          10,246                           2,620
net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions                3,283                          10,730
long-term debt repaid                                                                               1,035                              85
collateral financing arrangement repaid                                                                79                              50
derivatives with certain financing elements and other derivative related transaction, net              74                              61
net change in mortgage loan secured financing                                                         163                               -
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                        3,103                           3,326
dividends on preferred stock                                                                          198                             185
dividends on common stock                                                                           1,566                           1,598
other, net                                                                                            139                             236
effect of change in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                       91                             397
total uses                                                                                         19,977                          19,288
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                 $444                             $79
cash flows from operations the principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, net investment income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. the principal cash outflows are the result of various life insurance, annuity and pension products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense.
cash flows from investments the principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. the principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding derivatives. in addition, cash inflows and outflows relate to sales and purchases of businesses. we typically have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our alm discipline to fund insurance liabilities. we closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process.
cash flows from financing the principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt and other securities, deposits of funds associated with pabs and lending of securities. the principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt and the collateral financing arrangement, payments of dividends on and repurchases or redemptions of metlife, inc.'s securities, withdrawals associated with pabs and the return of securities on loan.
table of contents liquidity and capital sources liquidity and capital are provided by a variety of global funding sources, including: (i) preferred and common stock; (ii) short-term debt, which includes commercial paper; (iii) long-term debt; collateral financing arrangement; and junior subordinated debt securities; (iv) pabs, which includes funding agreements; (v) credit and committed facilities; (vi) shelf registration statement, which permits the issuance of public debt, equity and hybrid securities and provides for automatic effectiveness upon filing and has no stated issuance capacity; and (vii) dispositions. additional details regarding certain of our primary sources of liquidity and capital are included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
the diversity of our global funding sources enhances our funding flexibility, limits dependence on any one market or source of funds and generally lowers the cost of funds. we have no reason to believe that our lending counterparties will be unable to fulfill their respective contractual obligations under our credit and committed facilities. as commitments under these facilities may expire unused, these amounts do not necessarily reflect our actual future cash funding requirements.
the following table summarizes our outstanding debt at:
december 31,
2023                                                      2022
(in millions)
short-term debt (1)                            $119                        $175
long-term debt (2)                          $15,548                     $14,647
collateral financing arrangement               $637                        $716
junior subordinated debt securities          $3,161                      $3,158
__________________
(1)includes $119 million and $76 million of short-term debt that is non-recourse to metlife, inc. and mlic, subject to customary exceptions, at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. certain subsidiaries have pledged assets to secure this debt.
(2)includes $442 million and $447 million of long-term debt that is non-recourse to metlife, inc. and mlic, subject to customary exceptions, at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. certain investment subsidiaries have pledged assets to secure this debt.
certain of our debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as our credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. we believe we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at december 31, 2023.
table of contents liquidity and capital uses the primary uses of liquidity and capital include: (i) common stock repurchases; (ii) dividends on common and preferred stock; (iii) preferred stock redemptions; (iv) debt repayments; (v) debt repurchases, redemptions and exchanges; (vi) contractual obligations, including pabs and insurance liabilities; (vii) pledged collateral; (viii) securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs; (ix) mortgage loan secured financing; and (x) acquisitions. additional details regarding certain of our primary uses of liquidity and capital are included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
common stock repurchases and dividends among other factors that could restrict metlife, inc.'s ability to repurchase or pay dividends on its common stock are the "dividend stopper" provisions in metlife, inc.'s preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures.
"dividend stopper" provisions in metlife's preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures metlife, inc.'s preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures contain "dividend stopper" provisions under which metlife, inc. may not pay dividends on instruments junior to those instruments, including metlife, inc.'s common stock, nor repurchase its common stock, if payments have not been made on those instruments. the junior subordinated debentures further provide that metlife, inc. may, at its option and provided that certain conditions are met, elect to defer payment of interest.
debt repurchases, redemptions and exchanges we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, redemptions and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. any such repurchases, redemptions, or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions, and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. whether or not to repurchase or redeem any debt and the size and timing of any such repurchases or redemptions will be determined at our discretion.
pledged collateral we pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by counterparties in connection with our derivatives, the collateral financing arrangement related to the reinsurance of closed block liabilities, and with funding and advance agreements. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding derivatives.
securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs see "- investments - securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs."
mortgage loan secured financing see "- investments - net mortgage loans."
contractual obligations policyholder account balances see notes 1 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the components of pabs, including obligations under funding agreements. see "- insurance liabilities" regarding the source and uncertainties associated with the estimation of the contractual obligations related to fpbs and pabs.
the sum of the estimated cash flows of $299.7 billion ($37.9 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amount of $219.3 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
table of contents the estimated cash flows represent cash payments undiscounted as to interest and including assumptions related to the receipt of future premiums and deposits; withdrawals, including unscheduled or partial withdrawals; policy lapses; surrender charges; annuitization; mortality; future interest credited; policy loans and other contingent events as appropriate for the respective product type. such estimated cash payments are also presented net of estimated future premiums on policies currently in-force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. for obligations denominated in foreign currencies, cash payments have been estimated using current spot foreign currency rates.
insurance liabilities insurance liabilities include fpbs, mrbs, at estimated fair value, other policy-related balances and policyholder dividends payable, which are all reported on the consolidated balance sheet and are more fully described in notes 1, 4 and 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the sum of the estimated cash flows of $310.4 billion ($22.3 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amounts of $219.7 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, most significantly mortality, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
the estimated cash flows reflect future estimated cash payments and (i) are based on mortality, morbidity, lapse and other assumptions comparable with our experience and expectations of future payment patterns; and (ii) consider future premium receipts on current policies in-force. estimated cash payments are undiscounted as to interest, net of estimated future premiums on in-force policies and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. payment of amounts related to policyholder dividends left on deposit are projected based on assumptions of policyholder withdrawal activity.
actual cash payments may differ significantly from the liabilities as presented on the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated cash payments due to differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in the establishment of these liabilities and the estimation of these cash payments.
for the majority of our insurance operations, estimated contractual obligations for fpbs and pabs are derived from the annual asset adequacy analysis used to develop actuarial opinions of statutory reserve adequacy for state regulatory purposes. these cash flows are materially representative of the cash flows under gaap.
liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various life insurance, annuity and group pension products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. for annuity or deposit type products, surrender or lapse behavior differs somewhat by segment. in the metlife holdings segment, which includes individual annuities, lapses and surrenders tend to occur in the normal course of business. for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, general account surrenders and withdrawals from annuity products were $2.0 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. in the ris segment, which includes pension risk transfers, bank-owned life insurance and other fixed annuity contracts, as well as funding agreements and other capital market products, most of the products offered have fixed maturities or fairly predictable surrenders or withdrawals. with regard to the ris business products that provide customers with limited rights to accelerate payments, at december 31, 2023, there were funding agreements totaling $124 million that could be put back to the company.
table of contents metlife, inc.
liquidity and capital management liquidity and capital are managed to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash to meet all current and future financial obligations and are provided by a variety of sources, including a portfolio of liquid assets, a diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources from the wholesale financial markets and the ability to borrow through credit and committed facilities. liquidity is monitored through the use of internal liquidity risk metrics, including the composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, access to the financial markets for capital and debt transactions and exposure to contingent draws on metlife, inc.'s liquidity. metlife, inc. is an active participant in the global financial markets through which it obtains a significant amount of funding. these markets, which serve as cost-effective sources of funds, are critical components of metlife, inc.'s liquidity and capital management. decisions to access these markets are based upon relative costs, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile and capital structure. a disruption in the financial markets could limit metlife, inc.'s access to liquidity.
metlife, inc.'s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies. we view our capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, diversity of liquidity sources and our liquidity monitoring procedures as critical to retaining such credit ratings. see "- the company - rating agencies."
liquid assets at december 31, 2023 and 2022, metlife holding companies had $5.2 billion and $5.4 billion, respectively, in liquid assets. of these amounts, $4.2 billion and $4.5 billion were held by metlife, inc. and $1.0 billion and $909 million were held by other metlife holding companies at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with derivatives and the collateral financing arrangement.
liquid assets held in non-u.s. holding companies are generated in part through dividends from non-u.s. insurance operations. such dividends are subject to local insurance regulatory requirements, as discussed in "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
see "- consolidated company outlook" for the targeted level of liquid assets at the holding companies.
table of contents metlife, inc. and other metlife holding companies sources and uses of liquid assets and sources and uses of liquid assets included in free cash flow metlife, inc.'s sources and uses of liquid assets, as well as sources and uses of liquid assets included in free cash flow, are summarized as follows:
year ended december 31, 2023                                                                                                              year ended december 31, 2022
sources and uses of liquid assets                           sources and uses of liquid assets included in free cash flow                  sources and uses of liquid assets                           sources and uses of liquid assets included in free cash flow
(in millions)
metlife, inc. (parent company only)
sources:
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries (1)                                                                            $4,786                                                                        $4,786                                                      $5,176                                                                        $5,176
long-term debt issued (2)                                                                                                          2,000                                                                             -                                                       1,000                                                                         1,000
other, net (3)                                                                                                                       306                                                                           421                                                          92                                                                            44
total sources                                                                                                                      7,092                                                                         5,207                                                       6,268                                                                         6,220
uses:
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                450                                                                           450                                                           5                                                                             5
long-term debt repaid - unaffiliated                                                                                               1,000                                                                             -                                                           -                                                                             -
interest paid on debt and financing arrangements - unaffiliated                                                                      807                                                                           807                                                         764                                                                           764
dividends on common stock                                                                                                          1,566                                                                             -                                                       1,598                                                                             -
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                                                       3,103                                                                             -                                                       3,326                                                                             -
dividends on preferred stock                                                                                                         198                                                                           198                                                         185                                                                           185
issuances of and (repayments on) loans to subsidiaries and related interest, net (4)                                                 233                                                                           233                                                          94                                                                            94
total uses                                                                                                                         7,357                                                                         1,688                                                       5,972                                                                         1,048
net increase (decrease) in liquid assets, metlife, inc. (parent company only)                                                      (265)                                                                                                                                       296
liquid assets, beginning of year                                                                                                   4,473                                                                                                                                     4,177
liquid assets, end of year                                                                                                        $4,208                                                                                                                                    $4,473
free cash flow, metlife, inc. (parent company only)                                                                                                                                                              3,519                                                                                                                                     5,172
net cash provided by operating activities, metlife, inc. (parent company only)                                                    $4,183                                                                                                                                    $4,428
other metlife holding companies sources:
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                $2,748                                                                        $2,748                                                      $1,410                                                                        $1,410
total sources                                                                                                                      2,748                                                                         2,748                                                       1,410                                                                         1,410
uses:
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                  9                                                                             9                                                          87                                                                            87
repayments on and (issuance of) loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and related interest, net                                       107                                                                           107                                                           5                                                                             5
dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                                  2,032                                                                         2,032                                                       1,434                                                                         1,434
other, net                                                                                                                           483                                                                           487                                                         212                                                                           390
total uses                                                                                                                         2,631                                                                         2,635                                                       1,738                                                                         1,916
net increase (decrease) in liquid assets, other metlife holding companies                                                            117                                                                                                                                     (328)
liquid assets, beginning of year                                                                                                     910                                                                                                                                     1,238
liquid assets, end of year                                                                                                        $1,027                                                                                                                                      $910
free cash flow, other metlife holding companies                                                                                                                                                                    113                                                                                                                                     (506)
net increase (decrease) in liquid assets, all holding companies                                                                   $(148)                                                                                                                                     $(32)
free cash flow, all holding companies (5)                                                                                                                                                                       $3,632                                                                                                                                    $4,666
__________________
(1)dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. included $2.8 billion and $3.8 billion from operating subsidiaries and $2.0 billion and $1.4 billion from other metlife holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(2)included in free cash flow is the portion of long-term debt issued that represents incremental debt to be at or below target leverage ratios.

(3)other, net includes $165 million and $129 million of net receipts (payments) by metlife, inc. to and from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement and tax payments to tax agencies for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(4)see metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed statements of cash flows included in schedule ii of the financial statement schedules for information regarding the source of liquid assets from receipts on loans to subsidiaries (excluding interest) and the use of liquid assets related to the issuances of loans to subsidiaries (excluding interest).
(5)see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies.
sources and uses of liquid assets of metlife, inc.
the primary sources of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries, issuances of long-term debt, issuances of common and preferred stock, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles.
the primary uses of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are principal and interest payments on long-term debt, dividends on and repurchases of common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, funding of business acquisitions, income taxes and operating expenses. metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries.
in addition, metlife, inc. issues loans to subsidiaries or subsidiaries issue loans to metlife, inc. accordingly, changes in metlife, inc. liquid assets include issuances of loans to subsidiaries, proceeds of loans from subsidiaries and the related repayment of principal and payment of interest on such loans.
sources and uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies the primary sources of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are dividends, returns of capital and remittances from their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; capital contributions received; receipts of principal and interest on loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates. metlife, inc.'s non-u.s. operations are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by local regulators.
the primary uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are capital contributions paid to their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; loans to subsidiaries and affiliates; principal and interest paid on loans from subsidiaries and affiliates; dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. and the following items, which are reported within other, net: business acquisitions; and operating expenses.
liquidity and capital sources metlife, inc.'s primary sources of liquidity and capital are provided by a variety of global funding sources, including: (i) dividends from subsidiaries; (ii) issuances of long-term debt; (iii) collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debentures; (iv) credit and committed facilities; and (v) dispositions. additional details regarding certain of metlife, inc.'s primary sources of liquidity and capital are included in "- the company - liquidity and capital sources," the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
dividends from subsidiaries metlife, inc. relies, in part, on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its cash requirements. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. the dividend limitation for u.s. insurance subsidiaries is generally based on the surplus to policyholders at the end of the immediately preceding calendar year and statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year. statutory accounting practices, as prescribed by insurance regulators of various states in which we conduct business, differ in certain respects from accounting principles used in financial statements prepared in conformity with gaap. the significant differences relate to the treatment of dac, certain deferred income tax, required investment liabilities, statutory reserve calculation assumptions, goodwill and surplus notes.
table of contents the table below sets forth the dividends permitted to be paid by metlife, inc.'s primary u.s. insurance subsidiaries without insurance regulatory approval and the actual dividends paid:
2024                                            2023                                                                      2022
company                                                        permitted without approval (1)                  paid (2)                  permitted without approval (1)            paid (2)                        permitted without approval (1)
(in millions)
metropolitan life insurance company                                       $3,476                            $2,471                                  $2,471                         $3,539                                     $3,539
american life insurance company                                             $945                            $1,887                                    $499                         $1,289                                       $554
metropolitan tower life insurance company                                   $373                              $189                                    $189                         $-                                           $163
__________________
(1)reflects dividend amounts that may be paid during the relevant year without prior regulatory approval. however, because dividend tests may be based on dividends previously paid over rolling 12-month periods, if paid before a specified date during such year, some or all of such dividends may require regulatory approval.
(2)reflects all amounts paid, including those where regulatory approval was obtained as required.
in addition to the amounts presented in the table above, for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, metlife, inc. also received from certain other subsidiaries cash dividends of $233 million and $340 million, respectively, as well as cash returns of capital of $6 million and $8 million, respectively.
the dividend capacity of our non-u.s. operations is subject to similar restrictions established by the local regulators. the non-u.s. regulatory regimes also commonly limit dividend payments to the parent company to a portion of the subsidiary's prior year statutory income, as determined by the local accounting principles. the regulators of our non-u.s. operations, including the fsa, may also limit or not permit profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the u.s. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial strength of the non-u.s. operations, or for other reasons. most of our non-u.s. subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries which are owned by various non-u.s. holding companies. the capital and rating considerations applicable to our first tier subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow into metlife, inc.
we proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle. the dividend capacity of certain u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries is also subject to business targets in excess of the minimum capital necessary to maintain the desired rating or level of financial strength in the relevant market.
long-term debt outstanding the following table summarizes the outstanding long-term debt of metlife, inc. at:
december 31,
2023                                                      2022
(in millions)
long-term debt - unaffiliated               $14,516                     $13,588
long-term debt - affiliated                  $1,585                      $1,676
junior subordinated debt securities          $2,468                      $2,465
liquidity and capital uses metlife, inc.'s primary uses of liquidity and capital include: (i) debt service; (ii) cash dividends on common and preferred stock; (iii) capital contributions to subsidiaries; (iv) common stock, preferred stock and debt repurchases and/or redemptions; (v) payment of general operating expenses; (vi) support agreements; and (vii) acquisitions. additional details regarding certain of metlife, inc.'s primary uses of liquidity and capital are included in "- the company - liquidity and capital uses," the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
based on our analysis and comparison of our current and future cash inflows from the dividends we receive from subsidiaries that are permitted to be paid without prior insurance regulatory approval, our investment portfolio and other cash flows and anticipated access to the capital markets, we believe there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable metlife, inc. to make payments on debt, pay cash dividends on its common and preferred stock, contribute capital to its subsidiaries, repurchase its common stock and certain of its other securities, pay all general operating expenses and meet its cash needs under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios.
table of contents affiliated capital and debt transactions for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, excluding acquisitions, metlife, inc. invested a net amount of $531 million and $14 million, respectively, in various subsidiaries.
metlife, inc. lends funds, as necessary, through credit agreements or otherwise to its subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which are regulated, to meet their capital requirements or to provide liquidity. metlife, inc. had loans to subsidiaries outstanding of $305 million and $95 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
debt repayments metlife, inc. intends to repay, redeem or refinance, in whole or in part, all the debt that is due in 2024.
the following table summarizes metlife, inc.'s outstanding senior notes by year of maturity, excluding any premium or discount and unamortized issuance costs, at december 31, 2023:
year of maturity            principal                       interest rate
(in millions)
unaffiliated:
2024        $1,000                                      3.60%
2024          $446                                      5.38%
2025          $500                                      3.00%
2025          $500                                      3.60%
2026          $179                                      0.50%
2029 - 2054       $11,997                 ranging from 0.77% - 6.50%
affiliated:
2025          $250                                      7.45%
2026          $113                                      1.64%
2026           $97                                      1.61%
2026           $87                                      1.59%
2028 - 2031        $1,038                ranging from 1.72% to 2.16%
support agreements metlife, inc. and several of its subsidiaries (each, an "obligor") are parties to various capital support commitments and guarantees with subsidiaries. under these arrangements, each obligor has agreed to cause the applicable entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. we anticipate that in the event these arrangements place demands upon us, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet such demands.
adopted accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
future adoption of accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents non-gaap and other financial disclosures in this report, the company presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with gaap. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures enhance the understanding for the company and our investors of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business. segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment.
the following non-gaap financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap:
non-gaap financial measures:                                            comparable gaap financial measures:
(i)                  adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues         (i)                     premiums, fees and other revenues
(ii)                 adjusted earnings                                  (ii)                    net income (loss)
(iii)                adjusted earnings available to common              (iii)                   net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders shareholders
(iv)                 free cash flow of all holding companies            (iv)                    metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
(v)                  adjusted net investment income                     (v)                     net investment income any of these financial measures shown on a constant currency basis reflect the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are calculated using average foreign currency exchange rates. the current year period is translated using the current period average foreign currency exchange rates. the prior year periods are translated using the average foreign currency exchange rates of their subsequent year, respectively.
reconciliations of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable historical gaap financial measures are included in "- results of operations" and "- investments." reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income.
our definitions of non-gaap and other financial measures discussed in this report may differ from those used by other companies.
adjusted earnings and related measures:
adjusted earnings;
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; and
adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis.
these measures are used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings and components of, or other financial measures based on, adjusted earnings are also our gaap measures of segment performance. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management's and many other employees' performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results.
the adoption of ldti impacted the company's calculation of adjusted earnings. with the adoption of ldti, the measurement model was simplified for dac and voba, and most embedded derivatives were reclassified as mrbs. as a result, the company updated its calculation of adjusted earnings to remove certain adjustments related to the amortization of dac, voba and related intangibles and adjusted for changes in measurement of certain guarantees. under ldti, adjusted earnings excludes changes in fair value associated with mrbs, changes in discount rates on certain annuitization guarantees, losses at contract inception for certain single premium business, and asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. all periods presented herein reflect the updated calculation of adjusted earnings.
table of contents adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. adjusted loss is defined as negative adjusted earnings. adjusted earnings available to common shareholders is defined as adjusted earnings less preferred stock dividends. for additional information relating to adjusted earnings, see "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
in addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders.
return on equity, allocated equity and related measures:
total metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta, is defined as total metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding the net unrealized investment gains (losses), future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), mrbs instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of aoci, net of income tax.
return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity: net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity.
adjusted return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity.
adjusted return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta.
allocated equity is the portion of metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity that management allocates to each of its segments based on local capital requirements and economic capital. see "- risk management- economic capital." allocated equity excludes the impact of aoci other than fcta.
the above measures represent a level of equity consistent with the view that, in the ordinary course of business, we do not plan to sell most investments for the sole purpose of realizing gains or losses.
expense ratio and direct expense ratio:
expense ratio: other expenses, net of capitalization of dac, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues.
direct expense ratio: adjusted direct expenses divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. direct expenses are comprised of employee-related costs, third-party staffing costs, and general and administrative expenses.
direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers: adjusted direct expenses excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers.
the following additional information is relevant to an understanding of our performance results and outlook:
we sometimes refer to sales activity for various products. these sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under gaap, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. further, sales statistics for our latin america, asia and emea segments are on a constant currency basis.
near-term represents one to three years.
we refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. the observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. this includes the 10-year u.s. treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results.
notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect the company's results, but that were unknown and that the company could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of metlife's results and to evaluate and forecast those results. notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders.

the company uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. the company defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at metlife's holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. this measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with gaap. the free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. (parent company only) to free cash flow of all holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is provided below.
for further detail relating to total adjusted revenues and total adjusted expenses, as set forth in "- results of operations - segment results and corporate & other," see total revenues and total expenses, respectively, within the tables in "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies                                                 years ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                                        2022
(in millions, except ratios)
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   $4,183                              $4,428
adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
add: incremental debt to be at or below target leverage ratios                                                                                       -                               1,000
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                       (450)                                 (5)
add: returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                                            6                                   8
add: repayments on and (issuances of) loans to subsidiaries, net                                                                                 (210)                                (60)
add: investment portfolio and derivatives changes and other, net                                                                                  (10)                               (199)
metlife, inc. (parent company only) free cash flow                                                                                               3,519                               5,172
other metlife, inc. holding companies:
add: dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                          2,748                               1,410
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                         (9)                                (87)
add: repayments on and (issuances of) loans to subsidiaries, net                                                                                 (107)                                 (5)
add: other expenses                                                                                                                              (647)                               (656)
add: dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                                         (2,032)                             (1,434)
add: investment portfolio and derivative changes and other, net                                                                                    160                                 266
total other metlife, inc. holding companies free cash flow                                                                                         113                               (506)
free cash flow of all holding companies                                                                                                         $3,632                              $4,666
ratio of net cash provided by operating activities to consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders:
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   $4,183                              $4,428
consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common                                                                              $1,380                              $5,099
shareholders ratio of net cash provided by operating activities (parent company only) to                                                                        303     %                            87     %
consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders (1)
ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders:
free cash flow of all holding companies (2)                                                                                                     $3,632                              $4,666
consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (2)                                                                             $5,525                              $5,793
ratio of free cash flow of all holding companies to consolidated adjusted                                                                           66     %                            81     %
earnings available to common shareholders (2)
__________________
(1)including the free cash flow of other metlife, inc. holding companies of $113 million and ($506) million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in the numerator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 311% and 77%, respectively.

(2)i) consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2023 was negatively impacted by notable items related to litigation reserves and settlement costs of ($76) million, net of income tax, offset by actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments of $14 million, net of income tax. excluding these notable items from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2023 would be 65%.
ii) consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2022 was positively impacted by notable items related to actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments of $89 million, net of income tax. excluding these notable items from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2022 would be 82%.
risk management we have an integrated process for managing risk, that is supported by a risk appetite statement approved by the board of directors. risk management is overseen and conducted through multiple board and senior management risk committees (financial and non-financial). the risk committees are established at the enterprise, regional and local levels, as needed, to oversee capital and risk positions, approve alm strategies and limits, and establish certain corporate risk standards and policies. the risk committees are comprised of senior leaders from the lines of business and corporate functions which ensures comprehensive coverage and sharing of risk reporting. the erc is responsible for reviewing all material risks impacting the enterprise and deciding on actions, if necessary, in the event risks exceed desired tolerances, taking into consideration industry best practices and the current environment to resolve or mitigate those risks.
three lines of defense metlife operates under the "three lines of defense" model. under this model, the lines of business and corporate functions are the first and primary line of defense in identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing, and reporting risks. global risk management forms the second line of defense providing strategic advisory services and effective challenge and oversight to the business and corporate functions in the first line of defense. internal audit serves as the third line of defense, providing independent assurance and testing over the risk and control environment and related processes and controls.
global risk management independent from the lines of business, the centralized global risk management department, led by the cro, coordinates across all risk committees to ensure that all material risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, managed and reported across the company. the cro reports to the chief executive officer ("ceo") and is primarily responsible for maintaining and communicating the company's enterprise risk policies and for monitoring and analyzing all material risks.
global risk management considers and monitors a full range of risks relating to the company's solvency, liquidity, earnings, business operations and reputation. global risk management's primary responsibilities consist of:
implementing an enterprise risk framework, which outlines our enterprise approach for managing financial and non-financial risk;
developing policies and procedures for identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing and reporting those risks identified in the enterprise risk framework;
coordinating own risk solvency assessment for board, senior management and regulator use;
establishing appropriate corporate risk tolerance levels;
measuring capital on an economic basis;
mitigating compliance risk and establishing controls;
integrating climate risk into metlife's risk management framework and developing impact assessment capabilities; and
reporting to (i) the finance and risk committee of the board of directors; (ii) the compensation committee of the board of directors; and (iii) the financial and non-financial senior management committees on various aspects of risk.
table of contents key risk types metlife has defined each material risk to which it is exposed and has established individual frameworks to monitor, manage and report on the respective risk.
market risk: is the risk of loss due to potential changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from fluctuations in financial market, real estate, and other economic factors. market risk is comprised of interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, spread risk and inflation risk.
credit risk: is the risk of loss or credit rating downgrade arising from an obligor or counterparty with a direct or contingent financial obligation to metlife that is either unable or unwilling to meet its obligation in full and on a timely basis. these risks arise from public fixed income assets, private loans including real estate, derivative transactions, bank deposits, reinsurance treaties and other similar contracts.
insurance risk: is the risk of loss or adverse change in insurance liabilities from changes in the level, trend, and volatility of insurance and policyholder behavior experience varying from best estimate assumptions. these variances can be driven by catastrophic events such as pandemics or can be the result of misestimating base assumptions. insurance risks to metlife generally arise from mortality, morbidity, longevity, and policyholder behavior.
non-financial risk: is the risk of failed or inadequate internal processes, human errors, system errors or external events that may result in financial loss, non-financial damage, and/or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations. non-financial risk captures operational and compliance risks, including risks such as business interruption, customer protection, financial crime, privacy, fraud and theft, and information security risk.
liquidity risk: refers to the risk that metlife is unable to raise cash necessary to meet current obligations.
economic capital economic capital is an internally developed risk capital model, the purpose of which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital can be deployed. the economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in our business. our economic capital model, coupled with considerations of local capital requirements, aligns segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. the model applies statistics-based risk evaluation principles to the material risks to which the company is exposed. these consistent risk principles include calibrating required economic capital shock factors to a specific confidence level and time horizon while applying an industry standard method for the inclusion of diversification benefits among risk types. metlife's management is responsible for the ongoing production and enhancement of the economic capital model and reviews its approach periodically to ensure that it remains consistent with emerging industry practice standards. the adoption of ldti resulted in changes to the economic capital model. the changes related to this adoption do not represent a change in the composition of the segments and in accordance with gaap guidance for segment reporting, the company will apply the changes to the economic capital model prospectively and did not update the economic model for 2022 and 2021. for further information, see "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
asset/liability management we actively manage our assets using an approach that is liability driven and balances quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration and investment return. the goals of the investment process are to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that the assets and liabilities are reasonably aligned on a cash flow and duration basis. the alm process is the shared responsibility of the alm, global risk management, and investments departments, with the engagement of senior members of the business segments and finance, and is governed by the alm committees. the alm committees' duties include reviewing and approving investment guidelines and limits, approving significant portfolio and alm strategies and providing oversight of the alm process. the directives of the alm committees are carried out and monitored through alm working groups which are set up to manage risk by geography, product or portfolio type. the alm steering committee oversees the activities of the underlying alm committees and working groups. the alm steering committee reports to the erc.
table of contents we establish portfolio guidelines that define ranges and limits related to asset allocation, interest rate risk, liquidity, concentration and other risks for each major business segment, legal entity or insurance product group. these guidelines support implementation of investment strategies used to adequately fund our liabilities within acceptable levels of risk. we also establish hedging programs and associated investment portfolios for different blocks of business. the alm working groups monitor these strategies and programs through regular review of portfolio metrics, such as effective duration, yield curve sensitivity, convexity, value at risk, market sensitivities (to interest rates, equity market levels, equity volatility, foreign currency exchange rates and inflation), stress scenario payoffs, liquidity, asset sector concentration and credit quality.
we manage credit risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures and real estate properties. we also manage credit, market valuation and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation limits. these risk limits, approved annually by the investment risk committee, promote diversification by asset sector, avoid concentrations in any single issuer and limit overall aggregate credit and equity risk exposure, as measured by our economic capital framework. for real estate assets, we manage credit and market risk through asset allocation limits and by diversifying by geography, property and product type.
information security risk management for details on information security risk management see "cybersecurity."

