item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us and our common stock. although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. we have in the past been adversely affected by certain of, and may in the future be affected by, these risks. you should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized.
business and operational risks our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent on factors beyond our control.
our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and continue the payment of our base dividend are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. historically, refining and marketing margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile. our margins from the sale of gasoline and other refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil and other feedstocks. the prices of feedstocks and the prices at which we can sell our refined products fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market factors that are beyond our control, including:
•worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for feedstocks and refined products;
•transportation infrastructure cost and availability;
•operation levels of other refineries in our markets;
•the development by competitors of new refining or renewable conversion capacity;
•natural gas and electricity supply costs;
•political instability, threatened or actual terrorist incidents, armed conflict or other global political or economic conditions;
•local weather conditions; and
•the occurrence of other risks described herein.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing margins are uncertain. we generally purchase our feedstocks weeks before we refine them and sell the refined products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks can have a significant effect on our financial results. we also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. price changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products can have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
lower refining and marketing margins have in the past, and may in the future, lead us to reduce the amount of refined products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations and cash flows. significant reductions in refining and marketing margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets (such as property, plant and equipment, inventory or goodwill), and require us to re-evaluate practices regarding our repurchase activity and dividends.
legal, technological, political and scientific developments regarding emissions, fuel efficiency and alternative fuel vehicles may decrease demand for petroleum-based transportation fuels.
developments aimed at reducing vehicle emissions, increasing vehicle efficiency or reducing the sale of new petroleum-fueled vehicles may decrease the demand and may increase the cost for our transportation fuels. an executive order issued on august 5, 2021, set a goal that 50 percent of all new passenger cars and light trucks sold in 2030 be zero emission vehicles. consistent with this order, epa and nhtsa have promulgated separate rules setting more stringent requirements for reductions through model year 2026. nhtsa's amended cafe standards increase in stringency from model year 2023 levels by eight percent annually for model years 2024-2025 and ten percent annually for model year 2026. epa's revised model year 2023-2026 co2 emission standards, which were finalized in december 2021, result in average fuel economy of 40 mpg in model year 2026. other jurisdictions have issued or considered issuing similar mandates, and we expect this trend will continue.
moreover, consumer acceptance and market penetration of electric, hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles continues to increase. in 2021, several automobile manufacturers jointly announced their shared goal that 40-50 percent of their new vehicle sales be battery electric, fuel cell or plug-in hybrid vehicles by 2030. other automobile manufacturers have similar, or more aggressive, goals with respect to vehicle electrification. technological breakthroughs relating to renewable fuels or other fuel alternatives such as hydrogen or ammonia, or efficiency improvements for internal combustion engines could reduce demand for petroleum-based transportation fuels.
together, these trends and developments have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on sales of our petroleum-based transportation fuels, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to business interruptions and present inherent hazards and risks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations are subject to business interruptions, such as scheduled and unscheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, product quality incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, acts of terrorism, or other natural or man-made disasters. these types of incidents adversely affect our operations and may result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, impaired ability to manufacture our products, environmental pollution, and substantial losses. we have experienced certain of these incidents in the past.
for assets located near populated areas, the level of damage resulting from such an incident could be greater. in addition, we operate in and adjacent to environmentally sensitive waters where tanker, pipeline, rail car and refined product transportation and storage operations are closely regulated by federal, state and local agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups. certain of our refineries receive crude oil and other feedstocks by tanker or barge. mplx operates a fleet of boats and barges to transport light products, heavy oils, crude oil, renewable fuels, chemicals and feedstocks to and from our refineries and terminals owned by mpc and mplx. transportation and storage of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined products over and adjacent to water involves inherent risk and subjects us to the provisions of the opa-90 and state laws in u.s. coastal and great lakes states and states bordering inland waterways on which we operate, as well as international laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. if we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or refined products, we may be subject to substantial liability. in addition, the service providers contracted to aid us in a discharge response may be unavailable due to weather conditions, governmental regulations or other local or global events.
damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities.
we are increasingly dependent on the performance of our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers.
we are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. we rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personally identifiable information such as employee, customer and investor data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, credit card payments and authorizations at certain of our customers' retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions.
our information systems (and those of our third-party business partners and service providers), including our cloud computing environments and operational technology environments, are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, including ransomware and other malware, and phishing and social engineering schemes, supply chain attacks, and advanced artificial intelligence cyberattacks, which can compromise our ability to operate, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers. these and other cybersecurity threats may originate with criminal attackers, advanced persistent threats and nation-state actors, state-sponsored actors or employee error or malfeasance. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems continuously evolve and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated, and can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond in a timely manner, we (and our third-party business partners and service providers) are subject to the risk of cyberattacks.
our cybersecurity and infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and systems, employee training and vendor risk management may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information or impact our systems. we and our third-party vendors and service providers have been and may in the future be subject to cybersecurity events of varying degrees. to date, the impacts of prior events have not had a material adverse effect on us.
cybersecurity events involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers can result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial data, regulated personally identifiable information, intellectual property and other information; give rise to remediation or other expenses; result in litigation, claims and increased regulatory review or scrutiny; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under international, u.s. federal and state laws. any of such results could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the availability and cost of renewable identification numbers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
pursuant to the energy policy act of 2005 and the eisa, congress established a renewable fuel standard ("rfs") program that requires annual volumes of renewable fuel be blended into domestic transportation fuel. a rin is assigned to each gallon of renewable fuel produced in, or imported into, the united states. as a producer of petroleum-based motor fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to epa's quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase rins in the open market to satisfy our obligation under the rfs program. we are exposed to the volatility in the market price of rins. we cannot predict the future prices of rins. rins prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including epa regulations, the availability of rins for purchase, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. there is currently no regulatory method for verifying the validity of most rins sold on the open market. we have developed a rin integrity program to vet the rins that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit rin generators. nevertheless, if any of the rins that we purchase and use for compliance are found to be invalid, we could incur costs and penalties for replacing the invalid rins. see item 1. business - regulatory matters for additional information on these and other regulatory compliance matters.
competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum products. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks. our competitors include multinational, integrated major oil companies that can obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production. competitors that produce crude oil are at times better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages.
we also compete with other companies for customers for our refined petroleum products. the independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily marathon-branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply compete with other convenience store chains, outlets owned or operated by integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling transportation fuels and merchandise at very competitive prices. non-traditional transportation fuel retailers, such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants, may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. the loss of market share by those who operate our branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may be negatively impacted by inflation.
increases in inflation may have an adverse effect on us. current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies. continuing increases in inflation could impact the commodity markets generally, the overall demand for our products and services, our costs for labor, material and services and the margins we are able to realize on our products, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. inflation may also result in higher interest rates, which in turn would result in higher interest expense related to our variable rate indebtedness and any borrowings we undertake to refinance existing fixed rate indebtedness.
we are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products.
we utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. in addition to our own operational risks, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted or limited because of weather events, accidents, labor disputes, governmental regulations or third-party actions.
in particular, pipelines or railroads provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. a prolonged interruption, material reduction or cessation of service of such a pipeline or railway, whether due to private party or governmental action or other reason, or any other prolonged disruption of the ability of the trucks, pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products to or from one or more of our refineries, can adversely affect us.
a significant decrease in oil and natural gas production in mplx's areas of operation may adversely affect mplx's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders, including mpc.
a significant portion of mplx's operations is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas and crude oil production. the production from oil and natural gas reserves and wells owned by its producer customers will naturally decline over time, which means that mplx's cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. to maintain or increase throughput levels and the utilization rate of mplx's facilities, mplx must continually obtain new oil, natural gas, ngl and refined product supplies, which depend in part on the level of successful drilling activity near its facilities, its ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells and its ability to expand its system capacity as needed.
we have no control over the level of drilling activity in the areas of mplx's operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. in addition, we have no control over producers or their production decisions, which are affected by demand, prevailing and projected energy prices, drilling costs, operational challenges, access to downstream markets, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations and the availability and cost of capital. reductions in exploration or production activity in mplx's areas of operations could lead to reduced throughput on its pipelines and utilization rates of its facilities.
decreases in energy prices can lead to decreases in drilling activity, production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. the prices for oil, natural gas and ngls depend upon factors beyond our control, including global and local demand, production levels, changes in interstate pipeline gas quality specifications, imports and exports, seasonality and weather conditions, economic and political conditions domestically and internationally and governmental regulations. sustained periods of low prices can result in producers deciding to limit their oil and gas drilling operations, which can substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of oil, natural gas and ngls to mplx's facilities and adversely affect their revenues and cash available for distribution to us.
this impact may also be exacerbated due to the extent of mplx's commodity-based contracts, which are more directly impacted by changes in natural gas and ngl prices than its fee-based contracts due to frac spread exposure and may result in operating losses when natural gas becomes more expensive on a btu equivalent basis than ngl products. in addition, the purchase and resale of natural gas and ngls in the ordinary course exposes our midstream operations to volatility in natural gas or ngl prices due to the potential difference in the time of the purchases and sales and the potential difference in the price associated with each transaction, and direct exposure may also occur naturally as a result of production processes. also, the significant volatility in natural gas, ngl and oil prices could adversely impact mplx's unit price, thereby increasing its distribution yield and cost of capital. such impacts could adversely impact mplx's ability to execute its long‐term organic growth projects, satisfy obligations to its customers and make distributions to unitholders at intended levels, and may also result in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill or other-than-temporary non-cash impairments of our equity method investments.
severe weather events, other climate conditions and earth movement and other geological hazards may adversely affect our assets and ongoing operations.
our assets are subject to acute physical risks, such as floods, hurricane-force winds, wildfires, winter storms, and earth movement in variable, steep and rugged terrain and terrain with varied or changing subsurface conditions, and chronic physical risks, such as sea-level rise or water shortages. for example, in 2021, our galveston bay refinery was adversely affected by winter storm uri and our garyville refinery was adversely affected by hurricane ida. the occurrence of these and similar events have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our assets and operations. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. to the extent such severe weather events or other climate conditions increase in frequency and severity, we may be required to modify operations and incur costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the united states and generally to worldwide political and economic developments.
we operate and sell some of our products and procure some feedstocks outside the united states. our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, supply chain disruptions, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, difficulty in enforcing contractual provisions, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, political and social unrest, security issues involving key personnel and changing regulatory and political environments. future outbreaks of infectious diseases or pandemics could affect demand for refined products and economic conditions generally. in addition, the deterioration of trade relationships, modification or termination of existing trade agreements, imposition of new economic sanctions against russia or other countries and the effects of potential responsive countermeasures, or increased taxes, border adjustments or tariffs can make international business operations more costly, which can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are required to comply with u.s. and international laws and regulations, including those involving anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering. our training and compliance program and our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from violations committed by our employees or agents. actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant legal expenses, and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
more broadly, political and economic factors in global markets could impact crude oil and other feedstock supplies and could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways. hostilities in the middle east, russia or elsewhere or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the u.s. and other countries. lower levels of economic activity often result in a decline in energy consumption, which may cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. these risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products, ngls and natural gas. additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. additionally, tax policy, legislative or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. for example, the u.s. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products, ngls, natural gas or the conduct of business in or with certain foreign countries. in addition, foreign countries could restrict imports, investments or commercial transactions or revoke or refuse to grant necessary permits.
our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our reliance on our joint venture partners and their financial condition, and our joint venture partners may have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions may affect our facilities or those of our customers and suppliers.
refining, gathering and processing, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, and other energy assets, may be the subject of terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions. any attack or targeted disruption of our operations, those of our customers or, in some cases, those of other energy industry participants, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. similarly, any similar event that severely disrupts the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
financial risks we have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile or downgrade of our credit ratings, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally.
at december 31, 2023, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and finance lease obligations were $27.62 billion, including $20.71 billion of obligations of mplx and its subsidiaries. we may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future.
our indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have material adverse consequences, including:
•increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions;
•limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;
•limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders;
•limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and
•requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes.
a decrease in our debt or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit. our credit rating is determined by independent credit rating agencies. we cannot provide assurance that any of our credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. any changes in our credit capacity or credit profile could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
significant variations in the market prices of crude oil and refined products can affect our financial performance.
significant variations in the market prices of products held in our inventories could have a negative or positive effect on our financial performance. in addition, a sustained period of low crude oil prices may also result in significant financial constraints on certain producers from which we acquire our crude oil, which could result in long term crude oil supply constraints for our business. such conditions could also result in an increased risk that our customers and other counterparties may be unable to fully fulfill their obligations in a timely manner, or at all.
a continued period of economic slowdown or recession, or a protracted period of depressed prices for crude oil or refined petroleum products, could have significant and adverse consequences for our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, and could diminish our liquidity, trigger additional impairments and negatively affect our ability to obtain adequate crude oil volumes and to market certain of our products at favorable prices, or at all.
our working capital, cash flows and liquidity can be significantly affected by decreases in commodity prices.
payment terms for our crude oil purchases are generally longer than the terms we extend to our customers for refined product sales. as a result, the payables for our crude oil purchases are proportionally larger than the receivables for our refined product sales. due to this net payables position, a decrease in commodity prices generally results in a use of working capital, and given the significant volume of crude oil that we purchase the impact can materially affect our working capital, cash flows and liquidity.
increases in interest rates could adversely impact our share price, our ability to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and our ability to make dividends at our intended levels.
our revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate. as a result, future interest rates on our debt could be higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly. in addition, we may in the future refinance outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility with fixed-rate indebtedness. interest rates payable on fixed-rate indebtedness typically are higher than the short-term variable interest rates that we pay on borrowings under our revolving credit facility. we also have other fixed-rate indebtedness that we may need or desire to refinance in the future at or prior to the applicable stated maturity. a rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on our share price and our ability to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and to make dividends at our intended levels.
we may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. derivative transactions involve the risk that counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. the risk of counterparty default is heightened in a poor economic environment. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us.
we do not insure against all potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs.
we maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations can reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates.
we have recorded goodwill and other intangible assets that could become further impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations.
we accounted for certain acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of the acquired business be recorded to our balance sheet at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the acquired net assets is recognized as goodwill.
as of december 31, 2023, our balance sheet reflected $8.2 billion and $1.8 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, respectively. we have in the past recorded significant impairments of our goodwill. to the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes further impaired, we may be required to incur additional material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment.
large capital projects can be subject to delays, take years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns.
we have several large capital projects underway, including efficiency and modernization improvements at our los angeles refinery and a distillate hydrotreater project at our galveston bay refinery. delays in completing capital projects or making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we produce. such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•denials of, delays in receiving, or revocations of requisite regulatory approvals or permits;
•unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor, whether due to inflation or other factors;
•disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials;
•adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers;
•shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages;
•market-related increases in a project's debt or equity financing costs;
•global supply chain disruptions;
•nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors; and
•delays due to citizen, state or local political or activist pressure.
moreover, our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if we build a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time and we may not receive any material increases in revenues until after completion of the project, if at all.
any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. if we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our capital project returns and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
legal and regulatory risks we expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental or other laws or regulations. future environmental laws and regulations may impact our current business plans and reduce demand for our products and services.
our business is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our business. laws and regulations expected to become more stringent relate to the following:
•the emission or discharge of materials into the environment;
•solid and hazardous waste management;
•the regulatory classification of materials currently or formerly used in our business;
•pollution prevention;
•climate change and ghg emissions;
•characteristics and composition of transportation fuels, including the quantity of renewable fuels that must be blended into transportation fuels;
•public and employee safety and health;
•permitting;
•inherently safer technology; and
•facility security.
the specific impact of laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources, production processes and subsequent judicial interpretation of such laws and regulations. we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. we have incurred and may in the future incur liability for personal injury, property damage, natural resource damage or clean-up costs due to alleged contamination and/or exposure to chemicals such as benzene and mtbe. there is also increased regulatory interest in pfas, which we expect will lead to increased monitoring and remediation obligations and potential liability related thereto. such expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in mplx units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.
the present u.s. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including mplx, or an investment in mplx common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time. from time to time, the president and members of the u.s. congress propose and consider substantive changes to the existing u.s. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate mplx's ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment.
we are unable to predict whether any such changes will ultimately be enacted. any modification to the u.s. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for mplx to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes or increase the amount of taxes payable by unitholders in publicly traded partnerships.
climate change and ghg emission regulation could affect our operations, energy consumption patterns and regulatory obligations, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
currently, multiple legislative and regulatory measures to address ghg (including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides) and other emissions are in various phases of consideration, promulgation or implementation. these include actions to develop international, federal, regional or statewide programs, which could require reductions in our ghg or other emissions, establish a carbon tax and decrease the demand for refined products. requiring reductions in these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments.
for example, california and washington have enacted cap-and-trade programs. other states are proposing, or have already promulgated, low carbon fuel standards or similar initiatives to reduce emissions from the transportation sector. if we are unable to pass the costs of compliance on to our customers, sufficient credits are unavailable for purchase, we have to pay a significantly higher price for credits, or if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligation, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
certain municipalities have also proposed or enacted restrictions on the installation of natural gas appliances and infrastructure in new residential or commercial construction, which could affect demand for the natural gas that mplx transports and stores.
regional and state climate change and air emissions goals and regulatory programs are complex, subject to change and considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors including technological feasibility, legal challenges and potential changes in federal policy. increasing concerns about climate change and carbon intensity have also resulted in societal concerns and a number of international and national measures to limit ghg emissions. additional stricter measures and investor pressure can be expected in the future and any of these changes may have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition.
international climate change-related efforts, such as the 2015 united nations conference on climate change, which led to the creation of the paris agreement, may impact the regulatory framework of states whose policies directly influence our present and future operations. in the united states, an executive order issued on january 27, 2021, announced putting the u.s. on a path to achieve net-zero carbon emissions, economy-wide, by 2050. the executive order also calls for the federal government to pause oil and gas leasing on federal lands and reduce methane emissions from the oil and gas sector as quickly as possible, and requires federal permitting decisions to consider the effects of ghg emissions and climate change. in december 2023, epa completed one provision of the order by promulgating a final rule to reduce methane and volatile organic compounds from oil and gas operations. concurrently, epa significantly increased the social cost of greenhouse gases. a higher social cost of greenhouse gases could support more stringent ghg emission regulation.
the scope and magnitude of the changes to u.s. climate change strategy under the current and future administrations, however, remain subject to the passage of legislation and interpretation and action of federal and state regulatory bodies; therefore, the impact to our industry and operations due to ghg regulation is unknown at this time.
energy companies are subject to increasing environmental and climate-related litigation.
governmental and other entities in various u.s. states have filed lawsuits against various energy companies, including us, alleging damages as a result of climate change, false statements about climate change, and violations of various consumer protection statutes. the plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. governments and private parties may continue to file lawsuits or initiate regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements regarding climate change and other esg related matters and practices by companies are false and misleading "greenwashing" that violate deceptive trade practices and consumer protection statutes, presenting a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which energy companies face an increased risk of liability stemming from climate change or esg disclosures and practices.
attorneys general and other government officials may continue to pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages against us on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. additionally, private plaintiffs and government parties have undertaken efforts to shut down energy assets by challenging operating permits, the validity of easements or the compliance with easement conditions. for example, the dakota access pipeline, in which mplx has a minority interest, has been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, litigation seeking a permanent shutdown of the pipeline. there remains a high degree of uncertainty regarding the ultimate outcome of these types of proceedings, as well as their potential effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
we are subject to risks associated with societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition to the development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. such risks could adversely impact our business and our ability to continue to operate or realize certain growth strategies.
we operate and develop our business with the expectation that regulations and societal sentiment will continue to enable the development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. however, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation, storage and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence of public sentiment on ghg emissions, climate change, and climate adaptation. additionally, societal sentiment regarding carbon-based fuels may adversely impact our reputation and ability to attract and retain employees.
the approval process for storage and transportation projects has become increasingly challenging, due in part to state and local concerns related to pipelines, negative public perception regarding the oil and gas industry, and concerns regarding ghg emissions downstream of pipeline operations. our expansion or construction projects may not be completed on schedule (or at all), or at the budgeted cost. we also may be required to incur additional costs and expenses in connection with the design and installation of our facilities due to their location and the surrounding terrain. we may be required to install additional facilities, incur additional capital and operating expenditures, or experience interruptions in or impairments of our operations to the extent that the facilities are not designed or installed correctly.
increasing attention to environmental, social and governance matters may impact our business and financial results.
in recent years, increasing attention has been given to corporate activities related to esg matters in public discourse and the investment community, including climate change, energy transition matters, and diversity, equity and inclusion. a number of advocacy groups, both domestically and internationally, have campaigned for governmental and private action to promote esg-related change at public companies, including, but not limited to, through the investment and voting practices of investment advisers, pension funds, universities and other members of the investing community. these activities include increasing attention and demands for action related to climate change and energy transition matters, such as promoting the use of substitutes to fossil fuel products and encouraging the divestment of fossil fuel equities, as well as pressuring lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with fossil fuel companies. if this were to continue, it could have a material adverse effect on our access to capital. members of the investment community have begun to screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance, including practices related to ghg emission reduction and energy transition strategies. if we are unable to find economically viable, as well as publicly acceptable, solutions that reduce our ghg emissions, reduce ghg intensity for new and existing projects, increase our non-fossil fuel product portfolio, and/or address other esg-related stakeholder concerns, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. further, our reputation could be damaged as a result of our support of, association with or lack of support or disapproval of certain social causes, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct, or change, certain of our activities in response to such considerations.
our goals, targets and disclosures related to esg matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price.
companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to esg matters, including practices and disclosures regarding climate-related initiatives. in 2022, mpc established a target to reduce ghg emissions and mplx established a target to reduce methane emissions intensity. these targets reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. we assess progress with these targets on an annual basis. we may modify, discontinue, update or expand targets or adopt new metrics as new information, opportunities, and technologies become available. further, there are conflicting expectations and priorities from regulatory authorities, investors, voluntary reporting frame works, and other stakeholders surrounding accounting and disclosure of esg matters and climate related initiatives. our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives, which may be, in part, dependent on the actions of suppliers and other third parties, present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price.
efforts to achieve goals and targets, such as the foregoing and future internal climate-related initiatives, may increase costs, require purchase of carbon credits, or limit or impact our business plans and financial results, potentially resulting in the reduction to the economic end-of-life of certain assets and an impairment of the associated net book value, among other material adverse impacts. additionally, as the nature, scope and complexity of esg reporting, calculation methodologies, voluntary reporting standards and disclosure requirements expand, including the sec's proposed disclosure requirements regarding, among other matters, ghg emissions, we may have to undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on esg metrics. our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill such goals and targets or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have a negative impact on investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating our approach to esg matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other material adverse impacts.
regulatory and other requirements concerning the transportation of crude oil and other commodities by rail may cause increases in transportation costs or limit the amount of crude oil that we can transport by rail.
we rely on a variety of systems to transport crude oil, including rail. rail transportation is regulated by federal, state and local authorities. new regulations or changes in existing regulations could result in increased compliance expenditures. for example, in 2015, the u.s. department of transportation issued new standards and regulations applicable to crude-by-rail transportation (enhanced tank car standards and operational controls for high-hazard flammable trains). these or other regulations that require the reduction of volatile or flammable constituents in crude oil that is transported by rail, change the design or standards for rail cars used to transport the crude oil we purchase, change the routing or scheduling of trains carrying crude oil, or require any other changes that detrimentally affect the economics of delivering north american crude oil by rail could increase the time required to move crude oil from production areas to our refineries, increase the cost of rail transportation and decrease the efficiency of shipments of crude oil by rail within our operations. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
if california or other jurisdictions (i) establish a maximum refining margin and impose a financial penalty for profits above such maximum refining margin or (ii) impose restrictions on turnaround and maintenance activities, our financial results and profitability could be adversely affected.
in june 2023, the provisions of california's senate bill no. 2 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, "sbx 1-2") became effective, which, among other things, (i) authorized the establishment of a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and the imposition of a financial penalty for profits above a maximum gross gasoline refining margin, (ii) significantly expanded the reporting obligations (e.g., daily, weekly, monthly, and annually reporting of detailed operational and financial data on all aspects of our operations in california) to the california energy commission ("cec") for all participants in the petroleum industry supply chain in california, (iii) created the division of petroleum market oversight within the cec to analyze the data provided under sbx 1-2, and (iv) authorized the cec to regulate the timing and other aspects of refinery turnaround and maintenance activities in certain instances. the operational data reporting includes our plans for turnaround and maintenance activities at our los angeles refinery and martinez renewable fuels facility and our plans to address potential impacts on feedstock and product inventories in california resulting from such turnaround and maintenance activities.
in late 2023, the cec adopted (i) an order requiring an informational proceeding on a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and penalty under sbx 1-2, and (ii) an order initiating rulemaking activity under sbx 1-2 that will be focused on refinery maintenance and turnarounds.
to the extent that the cec establishes a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and imposes a financial penalty for profits above such maximum gross gasoline refining margin, our financial results and profitability could be adversely affected. our results of operations, financial performance and safety and maintenance efforts could also be adversely impacted to the extent that restrictions on turnaround and maintenance activities are imposed by the cec. we cannot reasonably predict the impact that full implementation of sbx 1-2 will have on our california operations or our company nor can we predict the impact from similarly focused legislation or actions in other jurisdictions in which we operate our refineries. the recently adopted legislation in california, and the future enactment of similar legislation in any of the other jurisdictions, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing and other oil and gas production activities could result in reductions or delays in u.s. production of crude oil and natural gas, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
while we do not conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, we do provide gathering, processing and fractionation services with respect to natural gas and natural gas liquids produced by our customers as a result of such operations. our refineries are also supplied in part with crude oil produced from unconventional oil shale reservoirs. a range of federal, state and local laws and regulations currently govern or, in some cases, prohibit, hydraulic fracturing in some jurisdictions. stricter laws, regulations and permitting processes may be enacted in the future. if federal, state and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing or other oil and gas production activities are enacted or expanded, such efforts could impede oil and gas production, increase producers' cost of compliance, and result in reduced volumes available for our midstream assets to gather, process and fractionate.
historic or current operations could subject us to significant legal liability or restrict our ability to operate.
we currently are defending litigation and anticipate we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. our operations, including those of mplx, and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation and civil claims by private plaintiffs for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. while an adverse outcome in most litigation matters would not be expected to be material to us, in class-action litigation, large classes of plaintiffs may allege damages relating to extended periods of time or other alleged facts and circumstances that could increase the amount of potential damages. attorneys general and other government officials have in the past and may in the future pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages from companies on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. if we are not able to successfully defend such litigation, it may result in liability to our company that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition to substantial liability, plaintiffs in litigation may also seek injunctive relief which, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
approximately 3,800 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with expiration dates ranging from 2024 to 2027. these agreements may be renewed at an increased cost to us. in addition, we have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, work stoppages as a result of labor disagreements. any prolonged work stoppages disrupting operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in 2024, there are two collective bargaining agreements, one expired on january 31 and the other will expire on april 7. these two agreements cover approximately 500 employees in refining. the parties to the expired agreement continue operating under the relevant terms of the expired agreement while negotiating a successor agreement. in the event of a work stoppage impacting operations, we have a contingency plan in place to continue operations.
in addition, some states in which we operate require refinery owners to pay prevailing wages to contract craft workers and restrict refiners' ability to hire qualified employees to a limited pool of applicants. legislation or changes in regulations could result in labor shortages, higher labor costs, and an increased risk that contract workers become joint employees, which could trigger bargaining issues, and wage and benefit consequences, especially during critical maintenance and construction periods.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a master limited partnership, which may expose us to certain legal liabilities.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of mplx, a master limited partnership. our control of the general partner of mplx may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties, including claims of conflicts of interest. any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if foreign investment in us or mplx exceeds certain levels, we could be prohibited from operating vessels engaged in u.s. coastwise trade, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the shipping act of 1916 and merchant marine act of 1920 (together, the "maritime laws"), generally require that vessels engaged in u.s. coastwise trade be owned by u.s. citizens. among other requirements to establish citizenship, entities that own such vessels must be owned at least 75 percent by u.s. citizens. if we fail to maintain compliance with the maritime laws, we would be prohibited from operating vessels in the u.s. inland waters or otherwise in u.s. coastwise trade. such a prohibition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations could be disrupted if we are unable to maintain or obtain real property rights required for our business.
we do not own all of the land on which certain of our assets are located, particularly our midstream assets, but rather obtain the rights to construct and operate such assets on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. therefore, we are subject to the possibility of more burdensome terms and increased costs to retain necessary land use if our leases, rights-of-way or other property rights lapse, terminate or are reduced or it is determined that we do not have valid leases, rights-of-way or other property rights. for example, a portion of the tesoro high plains pipeline in north dakota remains shut down following delays in renewing a right-of-way necessary for the operation of a section of the pipeline. any loss of or reduction in our real property rights, including loss or reduction due to legal, governmental or other actions or difficulty renewing leases, right-of-way agreements or permits on satisfactory terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
certain of our facilities are located on native american tribal lands and are subject to various federal and tribal approvals and regulations, which can increase our costs and delay or prevent our efforts to conduct operations.
various federal agencies within the u.s. department of the interior, particularly the bureau of indian affairs, along with each native american tribe, regulate natural gas and oil operations on native american tribal lands. in addition, each native american tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce laws and regulations and to grant approvals independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. these tribal laws and regulations include various taxes, fees, requirements to employ native american tribal members and other conditions that apply to operators and contractors conducting operations on native american tribal lands. persons conducting operations on tribal lands are generally subject to the native american tribal court system. in addition, if our relationships with any of the relevant native american tribes were to deteriorate, we could face significant risks to our ability to continue operations on native american tribal lands. one or more of these factors has in the past and may in the future increase our cost of doing business on native american tribal lands and impact the viability of, or prevent or delay our ability to conduct operations on such lands. for example, we are subject to ongoing litigation regarding trespass claims relating to a portion of the tesoro high plains pipeline in north dakota.
the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be, to the extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for most disputes between us and our shareholders.
our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or, if the court of chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the district of delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for:
•any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of mpc;
•any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of mpc to mpc or its stockholders;
•any action asserting a claim against mpc arising pursuant to any provision of the general corporation law of the state of delaware, mpc's restated certificate of incorporation, any preferred stock designation or the bylaws of mpc; or
•any other action asserting a claim against mpc or any director or officer of mpc that is governed by or subject to the internal affairs doctrine for choice of law purposes.
the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the exchange act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. our restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the u.s. federal district courts shall be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the exclusive forum any action asserting a claim under the securities act.
the forum selection provision may restrict a stockholder's ability to bring a claim against us or directors or officers of mpc in a forum that it finds favorable, which may discourage stockholders from bringing such claims at all. alternatively, if a court were to find the forum selection provision contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in another forum, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
provisions in our corporate governance documents could operate to delay or prevent a change in control of our company, dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our capital stock or affect its liquidity.
the existence of some provisions within our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. these include provisions:
•providing that our board of directors fixes the number of members of the board;
•providing for the division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered terms;
•providing that only our board of directors may fill board vacancies;
•limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings;
•establishing supermajority vote requirements for certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation;
•providing that our directors may only be removed for cause;
•authorizing a large number of shares of common stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; and
•authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt.
our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. for example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our board of directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock.
finally, to facilitate compliance with the maritime laws, our restated certificate of incorporation limits the aggregate percentage ownership by non-u.s. citizens of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock to 23 percent of the outstanding shares. we may prohibit transfers that would cause ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock by non-u.s. citizens to exceed 23 percent. our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to effect any and all measures necessary or desirable to monitor and limit foreign ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock. these limitations could have an adverse impact on the liquidity of the market for our common stock if holders are unable to transfer shares to non-u.s. citizens due to the limitations on ownership by non-u.s. citizens. any such limitation on the liquidity of the market for our common stock could adversely impact the market price of our common stock.
general risk factors significant stockholders may attempt to effect changes at our company or acquire control over our company, which could impact the pursuit of business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our stockholders may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance stockholder proposals or otherwise attempt to effect changes or acquire control over our company. campaigns by stockholders to effect changes at publicly traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short-term stockholder value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases or sales of assets or the entire company. responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the management of our operations and the pursuit of our business strategies. as a result, stockholder campaigns could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
future acquisitions will involve the integration of new assets or businesses and may present substantial risks that could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows.
future transactions involving the addition of new assets or businesses will present risks, which may include, among others:
•inaccurate assumptions about future synergies, revenues, capital expenditures and operating costs;
•an inability to successfully integrate, or a delay in the successful integration of, assets or businesses we acquire;
•a decrease in our liquidity resulting from using a portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement to finance transactions;
•a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance transactions;
•the assumption of unknown environmental and other liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is inadequate;
•the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
•the loss of customers or key employees from the acquired business; and
•the incurrence of other significant charges, such as impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation or restructuring charges.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal, state and local income taxes in the united states and in foreign jurisdictions, and, transactional, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in, interpretations of, and guidance regarding tax laws and regulations, including impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, the coronavirus aid, relief, economic security act of 2020, and the inflation reduction act of 2022, could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, we are subject to the examination of our returns by taxing authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. although we believe we have made appropriate provisions for taxes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in the tax laws or challenges from tax authorities under existing tax laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could subject us to interest and penalties.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations all statements in this section, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements that are inherently uncertain. see "disclosures regarding forward-looking statements" and item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. the following information concerning our business, results of operations and financial condition should also be read in conjunction with the information included under item 1. business, item 1a. risk factors and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
executive summary business update for the year ended december 31, 2023, our results were impacted by market prices and seasonal market fluctuations; however, the demand environment in which our business operates remains strong. global energy markets continue to experience disruptions resulting from regional conflicts, such as in the middle east and ukraine. we are unable to predict the potential effects that the continuance or escalation of these military conflicts, and related sanctions or market disruptions on shipping and energy costs, may have on our financial position and results. it remains uncertain how long these conditions may last or how severe they may become.
in june 2023, the provisions of california legislature adopted sbx 1-2 became effective, which authorizes the cec to establish a "maximum gross gasoline refining margin" with respect to refining activities in california, as well as establish fees for refiners for exceeding the yet to be issued margin cap. the law further expands on existing reporting requirements for refiners to the cec. in late 2023, the cec adopted (i) an order requiring an informational proceeding on a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and penalty under sbx 1-2, and (ii) an order initiating rulemaking activity under sbx 1-2 that will be focused on refinery maintenance and turnarounds. we will evaluate the impact that sbx1-2 and any associated forthcoming cec regulations may have on our current or anticipated future operations in california and results of operations when sbx 1-2 is fully implemented.
in response to the current business environment, we continue to focus on the following priorities for our business:
strengthen competitive position of assets we are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. our goal is that each individual asset generates free-cash-flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. with our investments, we are focused on high returning projects that we believe will enhance the competitiveness of our portfolio, including our investments in sustainable fuels and technologies that lower our carbon intensity as the global energy mix evolves.
improve commercial performance we are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. a near-term focus has been securing advantaged renewable feedstocks as we continue to advance our renewable fuels production capabilities. this includes exploring joint venture opportunities and strategic alliances within the renewable fuels value chain.
continued capital discipline and focus on low-cost culture we are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, driving operational improvements and being disciplined in capital allocation. this means lowering our costs in all aspects of our business and challenging ourselves to be disciplined in every dollar we spend across our organization. we look to optimize our portfolio of investment opportunities to ensure efficient deployment of capital focusing on projects with the highest returns.
commitment to sustainability our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social and governance dimensions of our business. that means strengthening resiliency by lowering the carbon intensity and conserving natural resources; innovating for the future by investing in renewables and emerging technologies; and embedding sustainability in decision-making and in how we engage our people and many stakeholders. specifically, in 2022, we were the first among u.s. independent refiners to establish a 2030 target to reduce absolute scope 3 - category 11 ghg emissions. this goal added to our existing targets for reducing scope 1 & 2 ghg emissions intensity, for lowering methane emissions intensity and for lowering our freshwater withdrawal intensity. additionally, mplx is progressing towards meeting its 2025 and 2030 methane intensity reduction goals, as well as its biodiversity target, by applying sustainable landscapes to its compatible right of ways.
strategic updates mplx acquisition of 40 percent interest in gathering and processing joint venture on december 15, 2023, mplx used $303 million of cash on hand to purchase the remaining 40 percent interest in markwest torñado gp, l.l.c. ("torñado") for approximately $270 million, including cash paid for working capital, and to extend the term of a gathering and processing agreement for approximately $33 million. as a result of this transaction, mplx now owns 100 percent of torñado and reflects it as a consolidated subsidiary within our consolidated financial results. it was previously accounted for as an equity method investment. torñado provides natural gas gathering and processing related services in the permian basin.
at december 15, 2023, the carrying value of mplx's 60 percent equity investment in torñado was $311 million. upon acquisition of the remaining 40 percent member interest, mplx's existing equity investment was remeasured to fair value resulting in the recognition of a $92 million gain.
green bison soy processing llc facility ("green bison soy processing")
in november 2023, green bison soy processing, a dedicated soybean processing complex, opened in spiritwood, north dakota. the facility is north dakota's first dedicated soybean processing complex, and is a major step towards meeting increased demand for renewable fuels, in this case renewable green diesel. green bison soy processing will source and process local soybeans, with the resulting oil supplied exclusively to mpc as a feedstock for renewable fuels. the facility will produce approximately 600 million pounds of refined soybean oil annually, enough feedstock for approximately 75 million gallons of renewable green diesel per year. the approximately $350 million complex, which features state-of-the-art automation technology, is in the commissioning and startup phase of processing soybeans for meal and oil. the facility is a joint venture with adm owning 75 percent and mpc owning 25 percent.
south texas gateway terminal llc on august 1, 2023, mpc sold its 25 percent interest in south texas gateway terminal llc ("south texas gateway") to an affiliate of gibson energy inc. ("gibson energy"). gibson energy paid $1.1 billion in cash to acquire 100 percent of the membership interests of south texas gateway from mpc and its other members. south texas gateway owns an oil export facility in the u.s. gulf coast. mpc's proceeds were $270 million, resulting in a gain of $106 million.
lf bioenergy acquisition on march 8, 2023, mpc announced the acquisition of a 49.9 percent equity interest in lf bioenergy, an emerging producer of rng in the u.s., for approximately $56 million, which included funding for on-going operations and project development. lf bioenergy has been focused on developing and growing a portfolio of dairy farm-based, low carbon intensity rng projects. current projects are under various stages of development, with the first facility reaching full commercial operation in the first half of 2023. lf bioenergy's management and origination teams continue to expand the portfolio with additional sanctioned projects while progressing their existing pipeline of opportunities toward final investment decisions. as specific project milestones are achieved, mpc is expected to fund its share of capital expenditures to build out the portfolio.
martinez renewables joint venture the martinez renewables facility, which has a design capacity of 730 million gallons per year including pretreatment capabilities, began ramping up production of renewable diesel in 2023.
share repurchase authorization on october 25, 2023, mpc announced that our board of directors approved an additional $5.0 billion share repurchase authorization in addition to the $5.0 billion share authorizations announced on january 31, 2023 and may 2, 2023. as of december 31, 2023, mpc had $6.78 billion remaining under its share repurchase authorizations. future repurchases under the authorizations will depend on the macro environment, cash available after opportunities for capital investment and growth of the business and market conditions. the authorizations have no expiration date.
other succession planning as previously disclosed, mpc maintains a mandatory retirement policy that, absent a waiver or extension, requires an executive officer to retire from service to the company coincident with, or immediately following, the first of the month after such executive officer reaches age 65 (the "policy"). michael j. hennigan, our chief executive officer, will reach mandatory retirement on august 1, 2024. accordingly, the mpc board of directors, with a focus on the long-term strategic direction of the company, is engaged in appropriate succession planning activities, which are expected to include, among other customary steps, the review of succession candidates, as well as consideration of any waiver or extension of the policy respecting mr. hennigan.
results our chief operating decision maker ("codm") evaluates the performance of our segments using segment adjusted ebitda. amounts included in income before income taxes and excluded from segment adjusted ebitda include: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) turnaround expenses; and (iv) other adjustments as deemed necessary. these items are either: (i) believed to be non-recurring in nature; (ii) not believed to be allocable or controlled by the segment; or (iii) are not tied to the operational performance of the segment.
select results for continuing operations for 2023 and 2022 are reflected in the following table.
(millions of dollars)                                                2023                                                                                                 2022
segment adjusted ebitda for reportable segments refining &amp; marketing                                                                                                                    $13,551                 $19,261
midstream                                                                                                                                     6,171                   5,772
total reportable segments                                                                                                                   $19,722                 $25,033
reconciliation of segment adjusted ebitda for reportable segments to income from continuing operations before income taxes total reportable segments                                                                                                                   $19,722                 $25,033
corporate                                                                                                                                     (737)                   (698)
refining planned turnaround costs                                                                                                           (1,201)                 (1,122)
garyville incident response costs                                                                                                              (16)                       -
lifo inventory (charge) credit                                                                                                                (145)                     148
gain on sale of assets(a)                                                                                                                       198                   1,058
renewable volume obligation requirements(b)                                                                                                       -                     238
litigation                                                                                                                                        -                      27
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                               (3,307)                 (3,215)
net interest and other financial costs                                                                                                        (525)                 (1,000)
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                                                                       $13,989                  20,469
(a)2023 includes the $92 million gain associated with the remeasurement of mplx's existing equity investment in torñado arising from the acquisition of the remaining 40 percent interest and the $106 million gain on the sale of our interest in south texas gateway. 2022 includes the $549 million gain related to the contribution of assets by mpc on the formation of the martinez renewables joint venture and the $509 million gain on lease reclassification. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes 15 and 27.
(b)represents retroactive changes in renewable volume obligation requirements published by epa in june 2022 for the 2020 and 2021 annual obligations.
the following table includes net income per diluted share data.
net income per diluted share           2023                                     2022
continuing operations                              $23.63                  $27.98
discontinued operations                                 -                    0.14
net income attributable to mpc                     $23.63                  $28.12
net income attributable to mpc decreased $4.84 billion, or $4.49 per diluted share, in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to lower refining & marketing margins and net gain on the disposal of assets.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 for additional information on discontinued operations.
refer to the results of operations section for a discussion of financial results by segment for the three years ended december 31, 2023.
mplx we received limited partner distributions of $2.06 billion and $1.87 billion from mplx during 2023 and 2022, respectively. we owned approximately 647 million mplx common units at december 31, 2023 with a market value of $23.77 billion based on the december 29, 2023 closing unit price of $36.72. on january 24, 2024, mplx declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.8500 per common unit, which was paid february 14, 2024. as a result, mplx made distributions totaling $853 million to its common unitholders. mpc's portion of these distributions was approximately $550 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, no mplx units were repurchased. as of december 31, 2023, $846 million remained available under the authorization for future repurchases.
on february 9, 2023, mplx issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00 percent senior notes due 2033 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.65 percent senior notes due 2053 in an underwritten public offering.
on february 15, 2023, mplx redeemed all of the 600,000 outstanding series b preferred units at the redemption price of $1,000 per unit. the semi-annual distribution due to series b unitholders on february 15, 2023, was also paid on that date, in the usual manner. on march 13, 2023, mplx redeemed all of mplx's and markwest's $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.50 percent senior notes due july 2023.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 for additional information on mplx.
overview of segments refining & marketing refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda depends largely on our refinery throughputs, refining & marketing margin, refining operating costs and distribution costs. our total refining capacity was 2,950 mbpcd, 2,898 mbpcd and 2,887 mbpcd as of december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
refining & marketing margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined, including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries and the costs of products purchased for resale. the crack spread is a measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil, commonly used by the industry as a proxy for the refining margin. crack spreads can fluctuate significantly, particularly when prices of refined products do not move in the same relationship as the cost of crude oil. as a performance benchmark and a comparison with other industry participants, we calculate gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast crack spreads that we believe most closely track our operations and slate of products. the following are used for these crack-spread calculations:
•the gulf coast crack spread uses three barrels of meh crude producing two barrels of usgc cbob gasoline and one barrel of usgc ulsd;
•the mid-continent crack spread uses three barrels of wti crude producing two barrels of chicago cbob gasoline and one barrel of chicago ulsd; and
•the west coast crack spread uses three barrels of ans crude producing two barrels of la carbob and one barrel of la carb diesel.
our refineries can process a variety of sweet and sour crude oil, which typically can be purchased at a discount to crude oil referenced in our gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast crack spreads. the amount of these discounts, which we refer to as the sweet differential and the sour differential, can vary significantly, causing our refining & marketing margin to differ from blended crack spreads. in general, larger sweet and sour differentials will enhance our refining & marketing margin.
future crude oil differentials will be dependent on a variety of market and economic factors, as well as u.s. energy policy.
the following table provides sensitivities showing an estimated change in annual refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda due to potential changes in market conditions.
(millions of dollars)
blended crack spread sensitivity(a) (per $1.00/barrel change)                    $1,080
sour differential sensitivity(b) (per $1.00/barrel change)                          500
sweet differential sensitivity(c) (per $1.00/barrel change)                         500
natural gas price sensitivity(d) (per $1.00/mmbtu)                                  330
(a)crack spread based on 40 percent meh, 40 percent wti and 20 percent ans with gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast product pricing, respectively, and assumes all other differentials and pricing relationships remain unchanged.
(b)sour crude oil basket consists of the following crudes: ans, argus sour crude index, maya and western canadian select. we assume approximately 50 percent of the crude processed at our refineries in 2024 will be sour crude.
(c)sweet crude oil basket consists of the following crudes: bakken, brent, meh, wti-cushing and wti-midland. we assume approximately 50 percent of the crude processed at our refineries in 2024 will be sweet crude.
(d)this is consumption-based exposure for our refining & marketing segment and does not include the sales exposure for our midstream segment.
in addition to the market changes indicated by the crack spreads, the sour differential and the sweet differential, our refining & marketing margin is impacted by factors such as:
•the selling prices realized for refined products;
•the types of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks processed;
•our refinery yields;
•the cost of products purchased for resale;
•the impact of commodity derivative instruments used to hedge price risk;
•the potential impact of lower of cost or market adjustments to inventories in periods of declining prices;
•the potential impact of lifo charges due to changes in historic inventory levels; and
•the cost of purchasing rins in the open market to comply with rfs2 requirements.
inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. costs of crude oil, refinery feedstocks and refined products are stated under the lifo inventory costing method and aggregated on a consolidated basis for purposes of assessing if the cost basis of these inventories may have to be written down to market values. at december 31, 2023, market values for refined products exceed their cost basis and, therefore, there is no lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve at the end of the year. based on movements of refined product prices, future inventory valuation adjustments could have a negative effect to earnings. such losses are subject to reversal in subsequent periods if prices recover.
refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda is also affected by changes in refining operating costs in addition to committed distribution costs. changes in operating costs are primarily driven by the cost of energy used by our refineries, including purchased natural gas, and the level of maintenance costs. distribution costs primarily include long-term agreements with mplx, which as discussed below include minimum commitments to mplx, and will negatively impact segment adjusted ebitda in periods when throughput or sales are lower or refineries are idled.
we have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with mplx. under these agreements, mplx, which is reported in our midstream segment, provides transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services to our refining & marketing segment. certain of these agreements include commitments for minimum quarterly throughput and distribution volumes of crude oil and refined products and minimum storage volumes of crude oil, refined products and other products. certain other agreements include commitments to pay for 100 percent of available capacity for certain marine transportation and refining logistics assets.
midstream our midstream segment gathers, transports, stores and distributes crude oil, refined products, including renewable diesel, and other hydrocarbon-based products, principally for our refining & marketing segment. additionally, the segment markets refined products. the profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. the profitability of our marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. the profitability of our light product terminal operations primarily depends on the throughput volumes at these terminals. the profitability of our fuels distribution services primarily depends on the sales volumes of certain refined products. the profitability of our refining logistics operations depends on the quantity and availability of our refining logistics assets. a majority of the crude oil and refined product shipments on our pipelines and marine vessels and the refined product throughput at our terminals serve our refining & marketing segment and our refining logistics assets and fuels distribution services are used solely by our refining & marketing segment. as discussed above in the refining & marketing section, mplx, which is reported in our midstream segment, has various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements related to services provided to our refining & marketing segment. under these agreements, mplx has received various commitments of minimum throughput, storage and distribution volumes as well as commitments to pay for all available capacity of certain assets. the volume of crude oil that we transport is directly affected by the supply of, and refiner demand for, crude oil in the markets served directly by our crude oil pipelines, terminals and marine operations. key factors in this supply and demand balance are the production levels of crude oil by producers in various regions or fields, the availability and cost of alternative modes of transportation, the volumes of crude oil processed at refineries and refinery and transportation system maintenance levels. the volume of refined products that we transport, store, distribute and market is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines and marine operations. in most of our markets, demand for gasoline and distillate peaks during the summer driving season, which extends from may through september of each year, and declines during the fall and winter months. as with crude oil, other transportation alternatives and system maintenance levels influence refined product movements.
our midstream segment also gathers, processes and transports natural gas and transports, fractionates, stores and markets ngls. ngl and natural gas prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in fundamental supply and demand, as well as market uncertainty, availability of ngl transportation and fractionation capacity and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. our midstream segment profitability is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing or conditioning at our own or third‐party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index‐related prices and the cost of third‐party transportation and fractionation services. to the extent that commodity prices influence the level of natural gas drilling by our producer customers, such prices also affect profitability.
results of operations the following discussion includes comments and analysis relating to our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. this discussion should be read in conjunction with item 8. financial statements and supplementary data and is intended to provide investors with a reasonable basis for assessing our historical operations, but should not serve as the only criteria for predicting our future performance.
consolidated results of operations
(millions of dollars)            2023                                                                 2022                 2023 vs. 2022 variance                      2021                 2022 vs. 2021 variance revenues and other income:
sales and other operating revenues(a)                                $148,379                  $177,453                       $(29,074)                         $119,983                         $57,470
income (loss) from equity method investments                              742                       655                              87                              458                             197
net gain on disposal of assets                                            217                     1,061                           (844)                               21                           1,040
other income                                                              969                       783                             186                              468                             315
total revenues and other income                                       150,307                   179,952                        (29,645)                          120,930                          59,022
costs and expenses:
cost of revenues (excludes items below)                               128,566                   151,671                        (23,105)                          110,008                          41,663
depreciation and amortization                                           3,307                     3,215                              92                            3,364                           (149)
selling, general and administrative expenses                            3,039                     2,772                             267                            2,537                             235
other taxes                                                               881                       825                              56                              721                             104
total costs and expenses                                              135,793                   158,483                        (22,690)                          116,630                          41,853
income from continuing operations                                      14,514                    21,469                         (6,955)                            4,300                          17,169
net interest and other financial costs                                    525                     1,000                           (475)                            1,483                           (483)
income from continuing operations before income taxes                  13,989                    20,469                         (6,480)                            2,817                          17,652
provision for income taxes on continuing operations                     2,817                     4,491                         (1,674)                              264                           4,227
income from continuing operations, net of tax                          11,172                    15,978                         (4,806)                            2,553                          13,425
income from discontinued operations, net of tax                             -                        72                            (72)                            8,448                         (8,376)
net income                                                             11,172                    16,050                         (4,878)                           11,001                           5,049
less net income attributable to:
redeemable noncontrolling interest                                         94                        88                               6                              100                            (12)
noncontrolling interests                                                1,397                     1,446                            (49)                            1,163                             283
net income attributable to mpc                                         $9,681                   $14,516                        $(4,835)                           $9,738                          $4,778
(a)in accordance with discontinued operations accounting, speedway sales to retail customers and net results are reflected in income from discontinued operations, net of tax, and refining & marketing intercompany sales to speedway are presented as third-party sales through the close of the sale on may 14, 2021.
2023 compared to 2022
net income attributable to mpc decreased $4.84 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to lower refining & marketing margins and net gain on the disposal of assets.
total revenues and other income decreased $29.65 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to:
•decreased sales and other operating revenues of $29.07 billion primarily due to decreased average refined product sales prices of $0.52 per gallon, or 17 percent, partially offset by increased refined product sales volumes of 28 mbpd, or 1 percent;
•increased income from equity method investments of $87 million largely due to increased income from midstream equity affiliates, partially offset by decreased income from refining & marketing equity affiliates;
•decreased net gains on disposal of assets of $844 million mainly due to gains of $549 million on the formation of the martinez renewables joint venture and $509 million on a lease reclassification in 2022, partially offset by the $106 million gain on the sale of mpc's 25 percent interest in south texas gateway and $92 million associated with the remeasurement of mplx's existing equity investment in torñado, arising from the acquisition of the remaining 40 percent interest in 2023; and
•increased other income of $186 million largely due to the receipt of insurance proceeds, partially offset by lower income on rin sales.
total costs and expenses decreased $22.69 billion in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to:
•decreased cost of revenues of $23.11 billion primarily due to lower crude oil costs;
•increased depreciation and amortization of $92 million mainly due to assets placed in service;
•increased selling, general and administrative expenses of $267 million primarily due to increased employee compensation and related expenses, contract services and software maintenance costs; and
•increased other taxes of $56 million largely due to the reinstated petroleum superfund tax, which was effective january 1, 2023.
net interest and other financial costs decreased $475 million largely due to increased interest income, primarily on short-term investments, and decreased pension non-service costs, partially offset by increased interest expense due to higher mplx borrowings. we capitalized interest of $60 million in 2023 and $104 million in 2022. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 12 for further details.
we recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax expense of $2.82 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, which was lower than the tax computed at the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, partially offset by state taxes. we recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax expense of $4.49 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was higher than the tax computed at the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to state taxes, partially offset by permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased $49 million mainly due to mplx's redemption of its outstanding series b preferred units on february 15, 2023.
2022 compared to 2021
net income attributable to mpc increased $4.78 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increased average refined product sales prices and volumes and net gains on the disposal of assets, partially offset by increased operating costs and the absence of a gain on the sale of speedway and a partial period of income from discontinued operations due to the sale of the speedway business on may 14, 2021.
total revenues and other income increased $59.02 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to:
•increased sales and other operating revenues of $57.47 billion primarily due to increased average refined product sales prices of $0.96 per gallon, or 47 percent, and refined product sales volumes of 83 mbpd, or 2 percent, largely due to continuing recovery in demand for our products across all our regions;
•increased income from equity method investments of $197 million largely due to increased income from midstream equity affiliates;
•increased net gains on disposal of assets of $1.04 billion mainly due to a gain of $549 million on the formation of the martinez renewables joint venture and a gain of $509 million on a lease reclassification; and
•increased other income of $315 million primarily due to higher income on rin sales.
total costs and expenses increased $41.85 billion in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to:
•increased cost of revenues of $41.66 billion primarily due to higher crude oil costs and finished product purchases;
•decreased depreciation and amortization of $149 million mainly due to 2021 midstream asset impairments and assets that were fully depreciated in 2021;
•increased selling, general and administrative expenses of $235 million mainly due to increased salaries, benefits and employee related expenses, credit card processing fees, contract services and insurance; and
•increased other taxes of $104 million largely due to retroactive operating tax assessments for prior periods.
net interest and other financial costs decreased $483 million largely due to increased interest income, decreased debt retirement expenses related to the redemption of mpc senior notes in 2021, decreased interest expense due to lower mpc borrowings and decreased pension and other postretirement non-service costs, partially offset by increased interest expense due to higher mplx borrowings. we capitalized interest of $104 million in 2022 and $73 million in 2021. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 12 for further details.
we recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax expense of $4.49 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022, which was higher than the tax computed at the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to state taxes, partially offset by permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. we recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax expense of $264 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was lower than the tax computed at the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to certain permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and a change in benefit related to the net operating loss carryback provided under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act, partially offset by state taxes. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 13 for further details.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $283 million mainly due to an increase in mplx's net income.
segment results we classify our business in the following reportable segments: refining & marketing and midstream. segment adjusted ebitda represents adjusted ebitda attributable to the reportable segments. amounts included in income before income taxes and excluded from segment adjusted ebitda include: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) turnaround expenses and (iv) other adjustments as deemed necessary. these items are either: (i) believed to be non-recurring in nature; (ii) not believed to be allocable or controlled by the segment; or (iii) are not tied to the operational performance of the segment.
our segment adjusted ebitda for reportable segments was approximately $19.72 billion, $25.03 billion and $8.93 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the following shows the percentage of segment adjusted ebitda by segment for the last three years.
refining & marketing the following includes key financial and operating data for 2023, 2022 and 2021.
(a)includes intersegment sales to midstream and sales destined for export.
refining &amp; marketing operating statistics                                                                       2023                       2022                       2021
net refinery throughput (mbpd)                                                                                  2,914                      2,951                      2,799
refining &amp; marketing margin, excluding lifo inventory credit/charge per barrel(a)(b)                       $23.16                     $28.10                     $13.36
lifo inventory credit (charge) per barrel                                                                      (0.14)                       0.14                          -
refining &amp; marketing margin per barrel(a)(b)                                                                23.02                      28.24                      13.36
less:
refining operating costs per barrel(c)                                                                           5.41                       5.41                       5.02
distribution costs per barrel                                                                                    5.37                       4.89                       5.04
lifo inventory credit (charge) per barrel                                                                      (0.14)                       0.14                          -
other per barrel(d)                                                                                            (0.36)                     (0.08)                     (0.14)
refining &amp; marketing adjusted ebitda per barrel                                                             12.74                      17.88                       3.44
less:
storm impacts on refining operating cost per barrel(e)                                                              -                          -                       0.05
refining planned turnaround costs per barrel                                                                     1.13                       1.04                       0.57
lifo inventory (credit) charge per barrel                                                                        0.14                     (0.14)                          -
depreciation and amortization per barrel                                                                         1.77                       1.72                       1.83
refining &amp; marketing segment income per barrel                                                              $9.70                     $15.26                      $0.99
per barrel fees paid to mplx included in distribution costs above                                               $3.61                      $3.39                      $3.40
(a)sales revenue less cost of refinery inputs and purchased products, divided by net refinery throughput.
(b)see "non-gaap measures" section for reconciliation and further information regarding this non-gaap measure.
(c)refining operating costs exclude planned turnaround and depreciation and amortization expense.
(d)includes income (loss) from equity method investments, net gain (loss) on disposal of assets and other income.
(e)storms in the first and third quarters of 2021 resulted in higher costs, including maintenance and repairs.
the following table presents certain benchmark prices in our marketing areas and market indicators that we believe are helpful in understanding the results of our refining & marketing segment. the benchmark crack spreads below do not reflect the market cost of rins necessary to meet epa renewable volume obligations for attributable products under the renewable fuel standard.
benchmark spot prices (dollars per gallon)         2023                                                          2022                       2021
chicago cbob unleaded regular gasoline                                            $2.33                      $2.87                      $2.02
chicago ultra-low sulfur diesel                                                    2.61                       3.43                       2.06
usgc cbob unleaded regular gasoline                                                2.34                       2.76                       2.01
usgc ultra-low sulfur diesel                                                       2.72                       3.46                       2.01
la carbob                                          2.81                                                       3.29                       2.20
la carb diesel                                     2.91                                                       3.51                       2.10
market indicators (dollars per barrel)
wti                                                                              $77.60                     $94.33                     $68.11
meh                                                79.08                                                     96.19                      69.01
ans                                                                               82.41                      98.98                      70.56
crack spreads mid-continent wti 3-2-1                                                          $18.61                     $26.93                     $10.95
usgc meh 3-2-1                                                                    17.49                      22.17                       8.89
west coast ans 3-2-1                                                              30.11                      34.91                      13.80
blended 3-2-1(a)                                                                  20.46                      26.62                      10.70
crude oil differentials sweet                                                                           $(0.48)                      $0.21                    $(0.47)
sour                                                                             (6.31)                     (6.81)                     (4.05)
(a)the blended crack spreads for 2023, 2022 and 2021 are weighted 40 percent of the usgc crack spread, 40 percent of the mid-continent crack spread and 20 percent of the west coast crack spread. these blends are based on mpc's refining capacity by region in each period.
2023 compared to 2022
refining & marketing segment revenues decreased $28.63 billion primarily due to decreased average refined product sales prices of $0.52 per gallon, partially offset by increased refined product sales volumes of 28 mbpd.
refinery crude oil capacity utilization was 92 percent during 2023 and net refinery throughput decreased 37 mbpd in 2023.
refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda decreased $5.71 billion primarily driven by decreased per barrel margin and throughput, increased distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, partially offset by increased other income and decreased refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization.
refining & marketing margin, excluding lifo inventory adjustments, was $23.16 per barrel for 2023 compared to $28.10 per barrel for 2022. refining & marketing margin is affected by the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. based on the market indicators and our crude oil throughput, we estimate a net negative impact of approximately $6 billion on refining & marketing margin, primarily due to lower crack spreads. our reported refining & marketing margin differs from market indicators due to the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, the effects of market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, rin prices on the crack spread and other items like refinery yields and other feedstock variances, direct dealer fuel margin, and for 2023, a lifo inventory charge of $145 million and for 2022, a lifo inventory credit of $148 million. these factors had an estimated net positive impact on refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda of approximately $700 million in 2023 compared to 2022.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, were $5.75 billion. this was a decrease of $83 million, compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, largely due to lower energy costs, partially offset by higher project expense. these expenses relate to projects that are regularly performed during refinery turnarounds, of which we had more in 2023, compared to 2022.
distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, were $5.71 billion and $5.27 billion for 2023 and 2022, respectively, and include fees paid to mplx of $3.84 billion and $3.65 billion for 2023 and 2022, respectively. on a per barrel basis, distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased $0.48 primarily due to higher pipeline tariff rates and logistics fee escalations.
refining planned turnaround costs increased $79 million, or $0.09 per barrel, due to the scope and timing of turnaround activity.
depreciation and amortization per barrel increased by $0.05, primarily due to an increase in costs and a decrease in throughput.
other income increased by $0.28 per barrel mainly due to the receipt of insurance proceeds in 2023.
we purchase rins to satisfy a portion of our rfs2 compliance. our expenses associated with purchased rins were $2.07 billion in 2023 and $2.40 billion in 2022, including benefits related to retroactive changes in renewable volume obligation requirements, and are included in refining & marketing margin. the decrease in 2023 was primarily due to increased rins acquired with purchased product from third parties and through rins generated and acquired from our martinez renewables joint venture in addition to lower average rins prices.
2022 compared to 2021
refining & marketing segment revenues increased $56.71 billion primarily due to increased average refined product sales prices of $0.96 per gallon and higher refined product sales volumes, which increased 83 mbpd.
refinery crude oil capacity utilization was 96 percent during 2022 and net refinery throughputs increased 152 mbpd primarily due to continuing recovery in demand for our products across all our regions.
refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda increased $15.74 billion primarily driven by higher per barrel margins, partially offset by increased refining operating costs and distribution costs, both excluding depreciation and amortization.
refining & marketing margin, excluding lifo inventory credit of $148 million, was $28.10 per barrel for 2022 compared to $13.36 per barrel for 2021. refining & marketing margin is affected by the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. based on the market indicators and our crude oil throughput, we estimate a net positive impact of approximately $18 billion on refining & marketing margin, primarily due to higher crack spreads. our reported refining & marketing margin differs from market indicators due to the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, the effects of market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, rin prices on the crack spread and other items like refinery yields and other feedstock variances, direct dealer fuel margin, and for 2022, a lifo inventory credit of $148 million. these factors had an estimated net negative impact on refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda of approximately $1.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization and storm impacts, were $5.83 billion. this was an increase of $708 million, or $0.39 per barrel, compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in energy costs largely as a result of higher natural gas and electricity prices.
distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, were $5.27 billion and $5.15 billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and include fees paid to mplx of $3.65 billion and $3.47 billion for 2022 and 2021, respectively. on a per barrel basis, distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, decreased $0.15 due to higher throughput.
refining planned turnaround costs increased $540 million, or $0.47 per barrel, due to the scope and timing of turnaround activity.
depreciation and amortization per barrel decreased by $0.11, primarily due to a decrease in costs and an increase in throughput.
we purchase rins to satisfy a portion of our rfs2 compliance. our expenses associated with purchased rins were $2.40 billion in 2022 and $1.49 billion in 2021, including benefits related to retroactive changes in renewable volume obligation requirements, and are included in refining & marketing margin. the increase in 2022 was primarily due to higher weighted average rin costs and an increase in rin obligations due to higher production.
supplemental refining & marketing statistics
2023                  2022                  2021
refining &amp; marketing operating statistics crude oil capacity utilization percent(a)                           92                    96                    91
refinery throughputs (mbpd):
crude oil refined                                                2,677                 2,761                 2,621
other charge and blendstocks                                       237                   190                   178
net refinery throughput                                          2,914                 2,951                 2,799
sour crude oil throughput percent                                   44                    47                    47
sweet crude oil throughput percent                                  56                    53                    53
refined product yields (mbpd):
gasoline(b)                                                      1,526                 1,494                 1,446
distillates(b)                                                   1,047                 1,079                   965
propane                                                             66                    70                    52
ngls and petrochemicals(b)                                         182                   178                   250
heavy fuel oil                                                      52                    73                    31
asphalt                                                             80                    89                    91
total                                                            2,953                 2,983                 2,835
refined product export sales volumes (mbpd)(c)                     339                   315                   277
(a)based on calendar-day capacity, which is an annual average that includes down time for planned maintenance and other normal operating activities.
(b)product yields include renewable production.
(c)represents fully loaded export cargoes for each time period. these sales volumes are included in the total sales volumes amounts.
midstream
(a)on owned common-carrier pipelines, excluding equity method investments.
(b)includes amounts related to mplx operated unconsolidated equity method investments on a 100 percent basis.
benchmark prices        2023                                 2022                  2021
natural gas nymex hh (per mmbtu)                  $2.66                 $6.52                 $3.72
c2 + ngl pricing (per gallon)(a)                  $0.69                 $1.03                 $0.87
(a)c2 + ngl pricing based on mont belvieu prices assuming an ngl barrel of approximately 35 percent ethane, 35 percent propane, six percent iso-butane, 12 percent normal butane and 12 percent natural gasoline.
2023 compared to 2022
midstream segment adjusted ebitda increased $399 million. sales and operating revenues decreased $82 million mainly due to lower ngl prices, partially offset by rate escalations and higher throughput. this decrease was more than offset by lower purchased product costs of $465 million, primarily due to lower ngl prices of $917 million, partially offset by higher volumes of $405 million, an increase of $47 million due to changes in the fair value of an embedded derivative in a natural gas purchase commitment and an increase in income from equity method investments of approximately $111 million.
2022 compared to 2021
midstream segment revenue and segment adjusted ebitda increased $971 million and $362 million, respectively. results largely benefited from higher product pricing, mainly due to increased average c2 + ngl prices of $0.16 per gallon. these price increases resulted in higher revenues of approximately $380 million, as well as higher cost of sales of $315 million. the midstream segment also benefited from higher gathering system throughputs, resulting in increased revenue of $356 million, in addition to higher pipeline and terminal throughputs. segment adjusted ebitda increased primarily due to income from equity method investments of approximately $211 million.
corporate key financial information (millions of dollars)       2023                          2022                    2021
corporate(a)                                                         $(837)                  $(753)                  $(696)
(a)corporate costs consist primarily of mpc's corporate administrative expenses and costs related to certain non-operating assets, except for corporate overhead expenses attributable to mplx, which are included in the midstream segment. corporate costs include depreciation and amortization of $100 million, $55 million and $165 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
2023 compared to 2022
corporate expenses increased $84 million in 2023 compared to 2022 largely due to increases in stock-based compensation expense of $48 million, depreciation and amortization of $45 million, compensation expense of $31 million, contract services expense of $26 million and office expense of $22 million, partially offset by increased allocations of corporate costs to the segments of $75 million.
2022 compared to 2021
corporate expenses increased $57 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by stock-based and special award compensation expense and retroactive operating tax assessments for prior periods. the company will continue to pursue recovery of these tax assessments. these increases were partially offset by decreased depreciation and amortization of $110 million mainly due to 2021 asset impairments of $56 million and assets that were fully depreciated in 2021.
items not allocated to segments our codm evaluates the performance of our segments using segment adjusted ebitda. items identified in the table below are either believed to be non-recurring in nature or not believed to be allocable, controlled by the segment or are not tied to the operational performance of the segment.
key financial information (millions of dollars)       2023                                                     2022   2021
items not allocated to segments:
gain on sale of assets                                                           $198                     $1,058               $-
renewable volume obligation requirements                                         -                           238               -
litigation                                                                       -                            27               -
impairments                                                                      -                             -               (13)
idling facility expenses                                                         -                             -               (12)
total items not allocated to segments                                            $198                     $1,323               $(25)
2023 compared to 2022
in 2023, total items not allocated to segments includes the $106 million gain on the sale of mpc's 25 percent interest in south texas gateway and the $92 million gain associated with the remeasurement of mplx's existing equity investment in torñado arising from the acquisition of the remaining 40 percent interest.
2022 compared to 2021
in 2022, total items not allocated to segments primarily include the gain of $549 million on the formation of the martinez renewables joint venture, the gain of $509 million on a lease reclassification, and a $238 million benefit related to retroactive changes in renewable volume obligation requirements published by epa for 2020 and 2021.
non-gaap financial measure management uses a financial measure to evaluate our operating performance that is calculated and presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with gaap. the non-gaap financial measure we use is as follows:
refining & marketing margin refining & marketing margin is defined as sales revenue less cost of refinery inputs and purchased products. we use and believe our investors use this non-gaap financial measure to evaluate our refining & marketing segment's operating and financial performance as it is the most comparable measure to the industry's market reference product margins. this measure should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, refining & marketing gross margin or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap, and our calculations thereof may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
reconciliation of refining & marketing segment adjusted ebitda to refining & marketing gross margin and refining & marketing margin
(millions of dollars)                                                                                                        2023                    2022   2021
refining &amp; marketing segment adjusted ebitda                                                                       $13,551                 $19,261                  $3,518
plus (less):
depreciation and amortization                                                                                          (1,887)                 (1,850)                 (1,870)
refining planed turnaround costs                                                                                       (1,201)                 (1,122)                   (582)
storm impacts                                                                                                                -                       -                    (50)
lifo inventory credit (charge)                                                                                           (145)                     148                       -
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                             2,504                   2,294                   2,021
income from equity method investments                                                                                      (7)                    (31)                    (59)
net gain on disposal of assets                                                                                             (3)                    (37)                     (6)
other income                                                                                                             (871)                   (686)                   (369)
refining &amp; marketing gross margin                                                                                   11,941                  17,977                   2,603
plus (less):
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization)                                                            10,986                  10,683                   9,806
depreciation and amortization                                                                                            1,887                   1,850                   1,870
gross margin excluded from and other income included in refining &amp; marketing margin(a)                                (45)                      82                   (485)
other taxes included in refining &amp; marketing margin                                                                  (288)                   (173)                   (142)
refining &amp; marketing margin                                                                                         24,481                  30,419                  13,652
lifo inventory (credit) charge                                                                                             145                   (148)                       -
refining &amp; marketing margin, excluding lifo inventory (credit) charge                                              $24,626                 $30,271                 $13,652
(a)reflects the gross margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, of other related operations included in the refining & marketing segment and processing of credit card transactions on behalf of certain of our marketing customers, net of other income.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows our cash and cash equivalents balance for continuing operations was $5.44 billion at december 31, 2023, compared to $8.63 billion at december 31, 2022. net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the past three years is presented in the following table.
(millions of dollars)         2023                                                              2022   2021
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities - continuing operations                    $14,117                   $16,319                    $8,384
operating activities - discontinued operations                        -                        42                   (4,024)
total operating activities                                       14,117                    16,361                     4,360
investing activities - continuing operations                    (3,095)                       623                   (6,517)
investing activities - discontinued operations                        -                         -                    21,314
total investing activities                                      (3,095)                       623                    14,797
financing activities                                           (14,207)                  (13,647)                  (14,419)
total increase (decrease) in cash                              $(3,185)                    $3,337                    $4,738
operating activities continuing operations net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations decreased $2.20 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to a decrease in operating results partially offset by a favorable change in working capital of $1.57 billion. net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased $7.94 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in operating results partially offset by an unfavorable change in working capital of $2.29 billion. the above changes in working capital exclude changes in short-term debt.
for 2023, changes in working capital were a net $230 million source of cash, primarily due to the effect of decreases in energy commodity prices and volumes at the end of the year on working capital. current receivables decreased primarily due to decreases in crude oil volumes and prices. accounts payable decreased primarily due to decreases in crude oil prices and volumes. inventories increased primarily due to increases in refined product, crude oil and materials and supplies inventories.
for 2022, changes in working capital were a net $1.34 billion use of cash, primarily due to the effect of increases in energy commodity prices and volumes at the end of the year on working capital. current receivables increased primarily due to higher crude oil and refined product volumes and prices. inventories increased primarily due to increases in crude oil, refined product and materials and supplies inventories. accounts payable increased primarily due to increases in crude oil prices.
for 2021, changes in working capital were a net $947 million source of cash, primarily due to the effect of increases in energy commodity prices and volumes at the end of the year on working capital. accounts payable increased primarily due to increases in crude oil prices and volumes. current receivables increased primarily due to higher crude oil and refined product prices and volumes.
discontinued operations net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations was $42 million in 2022 largely due to the settlement of working capital related to the speedway sale, partially offset by the payment of state income tax liabilities. net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations was $4.02 billion in 2021 primarily due to tax payments related to the sale of speedway, partially offset by a partial year of business income due to the sale of speedway on may 14, 2021.
investing activities continuing operations net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $3.10 billion in 2023 and $6.52 billion in 2021, compared to net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations of $623 million in 2022.
•in 2023, the change in net cash used in continuing operations was primarily due to purchases of short-term investments of $8.62 billion, partially offset by maturities and sales of short-term investments of $5.05 billion and $2.08 billion, respectively. the cash provided by maturities and sales of short-term investments was primarily used to fund our return of capital initiatives announced as part of the speedway sale.
•in 2022, the change in net cash provided by continuing operations was primarily due to maturities and sales of short-term investments of $7.16 billion and $1.30 billion, respectively, partially offset by purchases of short-term investments of $6.02 billion. the cash provided by maturities and sales of short-term investments was primarily used to fund our return of capital initiatives announced as part of the speedway sale.
•in 2021, proceeds from the sale of speedway were used to purchase $12.50 billion of short-term investments and cash of $5.41 billion and $1.54 billion was provided by the maturities and sales, respectively, of short-term investments. the cash provided by maturities and sales of short-term investments was primarily used to fund our return of capital initiatives announced as part of the speedway sale.
•cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment was $1.89 billion in 2023, compared to $2.42 billion in 2022 and $1.46 billion in 2021, primarily due to spending in our refining & marketing and midstream segments in 2023. see discussion of capital expenditures and investments under the "capital spending" section.
•cash used for acquisitions was $246 million in 2023 due to mplx's acquisition of the remaining interest in a gathering and processing joint venture for approximately $270 million, offset by cash acquired of $24 million. cash used for acquisitions was $413 million in 2022 primarily due to the purchase of crowley coastal partner's interest in crowley ocean partners llc and its four subsidiaries for approximately $485 million, which included $196 million to pay off the debt associated with the four tankers.
•cash used in net investments was $205 million in 2023 and $171 million in 2021, compared to cash provided by net investments of $110 million in 2022. in 2023, investments primarily included the martinez renewables joint venture and the acquisition of a 49.9 percent equity interest in lf bioenergy for approximately $56 million, partially offset by cash received from the sale of mpc's 25 percent interest in south texas gateway. investments in 2022 include a $500 million cash distribution received from the martinez renewables joint venture at its formation, partially offset by increased contributions to equity method investments, which included the $60 million contribution to mplx's bakken pipeline joint venture to fund its share of a debt repayment by the joint venture. investments in 2021 primarily include midstream projects and our joint venture with adm.
•cash provided by disposal of assets totaled $36 million, $90 million and $153 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily due to the sale of midstream assets.
the consolidated statements of cash flows exclude changes to the consolidated balance sheets that did not affect cash. a reconciliation of additions to property, plant and equipment to total capital expenditures and investments follows for each of the last three years.
(millions of dollars)                              2023                                                                               2022                    2021
additions to property, plant and equipment per consolidated statements of cash flows                     $1,890                  $2,420                  $1,464
increase (decrease) in capital accruals                                                                     184                    (37)                     141
total capital expenditures                                                                                2,074                   2,383                   1,605
investments in equity method investees                                                                      480                     405                     210
total capital expenditures and investments                                                               $2,554                  $2,788                  $1,815
discontinued operations net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations in 2021 primarily includes the $21.38 billion proceeds from the sale of speedway, partially offset primarily by cash used for speedway capital expenditures of $177 million.
financing activities financing activities were a use of cash of $14.21 billion in 2023, $13.65 billion in 2022 and $14.42 billion in 2021.
•during 2023, mplx issued $1.6 billion of senior notes and used the proceeds to redeem $1.0 billion of senior notes and all of its outstanding series b preferred units for $600 million.
•during 2022, mplx issued $2.5 billion of senior notes, redeemed $1.0 billion of senior notes and had net payments of $300 million under its revolving credit facility.
•during 2021, we reduced debt through the following actions:
•on december 2, 2021, all of the $1.25 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 4.5 percent senior notes due may 2023 and the $850 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 4.75 percent senior notes due december 2023, including the portion of such notes for which andeavor llc was the obligor, were redeemed at a price equal to par, plus a make-whole premium calculated in accordance with the terms of the senior notes and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. mpc funded the redemption amount with cash on hand.
•in june 2021, we redeemed all of the $300 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 5.125 percent senior notes due april 2024 at a price equal to 100.854 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date.
•in may 2021, we repaid all outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which, along with cash had been used to finance the fourth quarter 2020 repayments of two series of mpc's senior notes in the aggregate total principal amount of $1.13 billion.
•on march 1, 2021, we repaid the $1 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 5.125 percent senior notes due march 2021.
•in 2021, mplx redeemed $1.75 billion of senior notes and had net borrowings of $300 million under its revolving credit facility.
•cash used in common stock repurchases totaled $11.57 billion in 2023, $11.92 billion in 2022 and $4.65 billion in 2021. see the "capital requirements" section for further discussion of our stock repurchases.
•cash used in dividend payments totaled $1.26 billion in 2023, $1.28 billion in 2022 and $1.48 billion in 2021. dividends per share were $3.08 in 2023, $2.49 in 2022 and $2.32 in 2021. the decreases in 2023 and 2022 are primarily due to share repurchases, partially offset by an increase in per share dividends.
•cash used in distributions to noncontrolling interests totaled $1.28 billion in 2023, $1.21 billion in 2022 and $1.45 billion in 2021 due to distributions to mplx common and preferred public unitholders. mplx's distributions in 2021 included a supplemental distribution amount of $0.5750 per common unit.
•cash used in repurchases of noncontrolling interests totaled $491 million in 2022 and $630 million in 2021 due to mplx's repurchases of its common units. there were no repurchases of noncontrolling interests in 2023. see the "capital requirements" section for further discussion of mplx's unit repurchases.
derivative instruments see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for a discussion of derivative instruments and associated market risk.
capital resources mpc, excluding mplx we control mplx through our ownership of the general partner; however, the creditors of mplx do not have recourse to mpc's general credit through guarantees or other financial arrangements, except as noted. mpc has effectively guaranteed certain indebtedness of loop and locap, in which mplx holds an interest. therefore, in the following table, we present the liquidity of mpc, excluding mplx. mplx liquidity is discussed in the following section.
our liquidity, excluding mplx, totaled $14.28 billion at december 31, 2023 consisting of:
december 31, 2023
(millions of dollars)                                                       total capacity            outstanding borrowings                 outstanding letters                       available of credit                                  capacity bank revolving credit facility                                               $5,000                   $-                                     $1                                     $4,999
trade receivables facility(a)                                                   100                   -                                      -                          100
total                                                                        $5,100                   $-                                     $1                                     $5,099
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments(b)                                                                                                                              9,176
total liquidity                                                                                                                                                                    $14,275
(a)the committed borrowing and letter of credit issuance capacity of the trade receivables securitization facility is $100 million. in addition, the facility allows for the issuance of letters of credit in excess of the committed capacity at the discretion of the issuing banks.
(b)excludes $1.05 billion of mplx cash and cash equivalents.
because of the alternatives available to us, including internally generated cash flow and access to capital markets and a commercial paper program, we believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term (less than twelve months) and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, the repurchase of shares of our common stock, dividend payments, defined benefit plan contributions, repayment of debt maturities and other amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies.
we have a commercial paper program that allows us to have a maximum of $2.0 billion in commercial paper outstanding, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. we do not intend to have outstanding commercial paper borrowings in excess of available capacity under our bank revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2023, we had no borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program.
mpc's bank revolving credit facility and trade receivables facility contain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and restrictions, including financial covenants, and events of default that we consider usual and customary for agreements of a similar type and nature. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with such covenants and restrictions. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20 for further discussion of mpc's revolving bank credit facility, trade receivables facility and related covenants and restrictions.
our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile. as of february 1, 2024, the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt are as follows.
company        rating agency                 rating mpc            moody's                       baa2 (stable outlook)
standard &amp; poor's         bbb (stable outlook)
fitch                         bbb (stable outlook)
the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies and should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities. although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment-grade rating, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant. a rating from one rating agency should be evaluated independently of ratings from other rating agencies.
the agreements governing mpc's debt obligations do not contain credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that our credit ratings are downgraded. however, any downgrades of our senior unsecured debt could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements and may limit our flexibility to obtain financing in the future, including to refinance existing indebtedness. in addition, a downgrade of our senior unsecured debt rating to below investment-grade levels could, under certain circumstances, impact our ability to purchase crude oil on an unsecured basis and could result in us having to post letters of credit under existing transportation services or other agreements.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20 for further discussion of our debt.
mplx mplx's liquidity totaled $4.55 billion at december 31, 2023 consisting of:
december 31, 2023
(millions of dollars)                               total capacity            outstanding borrowings                 outstanding letters                       available of credit                                  capacity mplx bank revolving credit facility                  $2,000                   $-                                     $-                                     $2,000
mpc intercompany loan agreement                       1,500                   -                                      -                                       1,500
total                                                $3,500                   $-                                     $-                                     $3,500
cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                    1,048
total liquidity                                                                                                                                             $4,548
on february 9, 2023, mplx issued $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes in a public offering, consisting of $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00 percent senior notes due march 2033 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.65 percent senior notes due march 2053. on february 15, 2023, mplx used $600 million of the net proceeds to redeem all of the outstanding series b preferred units. on march 13, 2023, mplx used the remaining proceeds to redeem all of mplx's and markwest's $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.50 percent senior notes due july 2023.
mplx's bank revolving credit facility contains representations and warranties, covenants and restrictions, including financial covenants, and events of default that we consider usual and customary for agreements of a similar type and nature. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with such covenants and restrictions. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20 for further discussion of mplx's bank revolving credit facility and related covenants and restrictions.
our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile for mplx. as of february 1, 2024, the credit ratings on mplx's senior unsecured debt are as follows.
company        rating agency                 rating mplx           moody's                       baa2 (stable outlook)
standard &amp; poor's         bbb (stable outlook)
fitch                         bbb (stable outlook)
the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies and should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold mplx securities. although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment-grade rating for mplx, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant. a rating from one rating agency should be evaluated independently of ratings from other rating agencies.
the agreements governing mplx's debt obligations do not contain credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that mplx credit ratings are downgraded. however, any downgrades of mplx senior unsecured debt to below investment grade ratings could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements. in addition, a downgrade of mplx senior unsecured debt ratings to below investment-grade levels may limit mplx's ability to obtain future financing, including to refinance existing indebtedness.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20 for further discussion of mplx's debt.
capital requirements capital spending mpc's capital investment plan for 2024 totals approximately $1.25 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding capitalized interest, potential acquisitions, if any, and mplx's capital investment plan. mpc's 2024 capital investment plan includes all of the planned capital spending for refining & marketing and corporate as well as a portion of the planned capital investments for midstream. the remainder of the planned capital spending for midstream reflects the capital investment plan for mplx. we continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. the 2024 capital investment plan for mpc and mplx and capital expenditures and investments for each of the last three years are summarized by segment below.
(millions of dollars)                                          2024 plan                    2023                    2022                    2021
capital expenditures and investments:(a)
mpc, excluding mplx refining &amp; marketing                                    $1,200                     $1,311                  $1,508                    $911
midstream - other                                                -                          2                       8                      50
corporate and other(b)                                          50                         83                     108                     105
total mpc, excluding mplx                                   $1,250                     $1,396                  $1,624                  $1,066
mpc discontinued operations - speedway                          $-                         $-                      $-                    $177
midstream - mplx(c)                                         $1,100                     $1,103                  $1,061                    $681
(a)capital expenditures include changes in capital accruals.
(b)excludes capitalized interest of $55 million, $103 million and $68 million for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the 2024 capital investment plan excludes capitalized interest.
(c)the 2024 capital investment plan for midstream - mplx excludes $285 million of capital expenditures, which is expected to be incurred primarily by mpc and other mplx customers on mplx's behalf. it also excludes approximately $100 million for repayment of mplx's share of the bakken pipeline joint venture's debt due in 2024. this reimbursable capital and the contribution to the joint venture will be included in the 2024 mpc midstream capital expenditures.
refining & marketing the refining & marketing segment's forecasted 2024 capital spending and investments is approximately $1.20 billion. this amount includes approximately $350 million of growth capital for multi-year low carbon initiatives. at our los angeles refinery, we are advancing improvements to enhance the competitiveness of the refinery by improving reliability and lowering costs. the improvements focus on integrating and modernizing utility systems and increasing energy efficiency, with the added benefit of addressing upcoming regulation mandating further reductions in emissions. the improvements are expected to be completed by the end of 2025. there is also $475 million of growth capital which includes a multi-year project to upgrade high sulfur distillate to ulsd and maximize distillate volume expansion at our galveston bay refinery, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2027, and other traditional projects that will enhance the yields of our refineries, improve energy efficiency, and lower our costs as well as investments in our branded marketing footprint. maintenance capital is expected to be approximately $375 million which is essential to maintain the safety, integrity and reliability of our assets.
major capital projects completed over the last three years have focused on refinery optimization, production of higher value products, increased capacity to upgrade residual fuel oil and expanded export capacity. we also focused on projects such as the martinez facility conversion, the star project at our galveston bay refinery and projects expected to reduce future operating costs.
midstream mplx's capital investment plan of $1.10 billion, net of reimbursements, includes approximately $950 million of organic growth capital and $150 million of maintenance capital. this excludes approximately $100 million for the repayment of mplx's share of the bakken pipeline joint venture's debt due in 2024. mplx's growth capital plans are anchored in the marcellus, permian, and bakken basins. in addition to new gas processing plants in the marcellus and permian, the remainder of mplx's capital plan is focused on other investments targeted at the expansion or debottlenecking of existing assets to meet customer demand.
major capital projects over the last three years included investments for the development of natural gas and natural gas liquids infrastructure to support mplx's producer customers, primarily in the marcellus, utica and permian regions and development of various crude oil and refined petroleum products infrastructure projects.
corporate and other the 2024 capital forecast includes approximately $50 million to support corporate and other activities. major projects over the last three years included upgrades to information technology systems.
share repurchases from january 1, 2012 through december 31, 2023, our board of directors approved $50.05 billion in total share repurchase authorizations and we have repurchased a total of $43.27 billion of our common stock. as of december 31, 2023, mpc had $6.78 billion remaining under its share repurchase authorizations, which reflects the repurchase of 489,190 common shares for $73 million that were transacted in the fourth quarter of 2023 and settled in the first quarter of 2024. the table below summarizes our total share repurchases. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 10 for further discussion of the share repurchase plans.
(in millions of dollars, except per share data)                2023                    2022                    2021
number of shares repurchased                                 89                      131                      76
cash paid for shares repurchased                        $11,572                  $11,922                  $4,654
average cost per share                                  $131.27                   $91.20                  $62.65
we may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, tender offers, accelerated share repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, some of which may be effected through rule 10b5-1 plans. the timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
mplx unit repurchases the table below summarizes mplx's total unit repurchases.
(in millions of dollars, except per unit data)        2023                         2022                    2021
number of common units repurchased                    -                           15                      23
cash paid for common units repurchased                $-                        $491                    $630
average cost per unit                                 $-                      $31.96                  $27.52
as of december 31, 2023, mplx had approximately $846 million remaining under its unit repurchase authorizations. the repurchase authorizations have no expiration date.
mplx may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated unit repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for units, some of which may be effected through rule 10b5-1 plans. the timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be discontinued at any time.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 for further discussion of the mplx unit repurchase program.
material cash commitments contractual obligations we have purchase commitments primarily consisting of obligations to purchase and transport crude oil and feedstocks used in our refining operations. as of december 31, 2023, we had purchase obligations for crude oil, ngls and renewable feedstocks of $17.76 billion, with $14.44 billion payable within 12 months, and crude oil transportation obligations of $7.45 billion, with $835 million payable within 12 months. these contracts include variable price arrangements. for purposes of this disclosure, we have estimated prices to be paid primarily based on futures curves for the commodities to the extent available. our contractual obligations do not include our contractual obligations to mplx under various fee-based commercial agreements as these transactions are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
at december 31, 2023, we have non-cancelable obligations to acquire property, plant and equipment of $281 million, with $276 million payable within 12 months.
at december 31, 2023, we have aggregate principal amount of outstanding senior notes of $27.15 billion, with $1.9 billion payable within 12 months, and interest on the debt of $16.86 billion, with $1.23 billion payable within 12 months. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20 for additional information on our debt. we intend to repay the short-term maturities with existing cash on hand and/or with the proceeds of new long-term debt, depending on, among other things, market conditions.
our other contractual obligations primarily consist of pension and post-retirement obligations, finance and operating leases and environmental credits liabilities, for which additional information is included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes 25, 27 and 23, respectively.
other cash commitments on january 26, 2024, we announced our board of directors approved a $0.825 per share dividend, payable march 11, 2024 to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 21, 2024.
we may, from time to time, repurchase our senior notes and preferred units in the open market, in tender offers, in privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise in such volumes, at such prices and upon such other terms as we deem appropriate.
transactions with related parties see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 8 for discussion of activity with related parties.
environmental matters and compliance costs we have incurred and may continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. if these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected. we believe that substantially all of our competitors must comply with similar environmental laws and regulations. however, the specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, marketing areas, production processes and whether it is also engaged in the petrochemical business or the marine transportation of crude oil and refined products.
legislation and regulations pertaining to fuel specifications, climate change and ghg emissions have the potential to materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including costs of compliance and permitting delays. the extent and magnitude of these adverse impacts cannot be reliably or accurately estimated at this time because specific regulatory and legislative requirements have not been finalized and uncertainty exists with respect to the measures being considered, the costs and the time frames for compliance, and our ability to pass compliance costs on to our customers.
our environmental expenditures, including non-regulatory expenditures, for each of the last three years were:
(millions of dollars)         2023                                                 2022                  2021
capital                                                 $236                    $167                  $118
compliance:(a)
operating and maintenance                              1,191                     987                   819
remediation(b)                                            49                      72                    54
total                                                 $1,476                  $1,226                  $991
(a)based on the american petroleum institute's definition of environmental expenditures.
(b)these amounts include spending charged against remediation reserves, where permissible, but exclude non-cash provisions recorded for environmental remediation. environmental remediation costs increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a release of crude oil on an mplx pipeline near edwardsville, illinois in march of 2022.
we accrue for environmental remediation activities when the responsibility to remediate is probable and the amount of associated costs can be reasonably estimated. as environmental remediation matters proceed toward ultimate resolution or as additional remediation obligations arise, charges in excess of those previously accrued may be required.
new or expanded environmental requirements, which could increase our environmental costs, may arise in the future. it is not possible to predict all of the ultimate costs of compliance, including remediation costs that may be incurred and penalties that may be imposed.
our environmental capital expenditures accounted for 12 percent, 7 percent and 8 percent of capital expenditures, for 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding acquisitions. our environmental capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $272 million, or 12 percent, of total planned capital expenditures in 2024. actual expenditures may vary as the number and scope of environmental projects are revised as a result of improved technology or changes in regulatory requirements and could increase if additional projects are identified or additional requirements are imposed.
for more information on environmental regulations that impact us, or could impact us, see item 1. business - regulatory matters and item 1a. risk factors.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. accounting estimates are considered to be critical if (1) the nature of the estimates and assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and (2) the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 2 for additional information on these policies and estimates, as well as a discussion of additional accounting policies and estimates.
fair value estimates fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. there are three approaches for measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: the market approach, the income approach and the cost approach, each of which includes multiple valuation techniques. the market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. the income approach uses valuation techniques to measure fair value by converting future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, into a single present value amount using current market expectations about those future amounts. the cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace the service capacity of an asset. this is often referred to as current replacement cost. the cost approach assumes that the fair value would not exceed what it would cost a market participant to acquire or construct a substitute asset of comparable utility, adjusted for obsolescence.
the fair value accounting standards do not prescribe which valuation technique should be used when measuring fair value and does not prioritize among the techniques. these standards establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in applying the various valuation techniques. inputs broadly refer to the assumptions that market participants use to make pricing decisions, including assumptions about risk. level 1 inputs are given the highest priority in the fair value hierarchy while level 3 inputs are given the lowest priority. the three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
•level 1 - observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets as of the measurement date. active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
•level 2 - observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. these are inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date.
•level 3 - unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data and may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management's best estimate of fair value.
valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs are favored. assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest priority level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the placement of assets and liabilities within the levels of the fair value hierarchy. we use an income or market approach for recurring fair value measurements and endeavor to use the best information available. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 18 for disclosures regarding our fair value measurements.
significant uses of fair value measurements include:
•assessment of impairment of long-lived assets, intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments;
•recorded values for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with acquisitions; and
•recorded values of derivative instruments.
impairment assessments of long-lived assets, intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments fair value calculated for the purpose of testing our long-lived assets, intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments for impairment is estimated using the expected present value of future cash flows method and comparative market prices when appropriate. significant judgment is involved in performing these fair value estimates since the results are based on forecasted financial information prepared using significant assumptions including:
•future operating performance. our estimates of future operating performance are based on our analysis of various supply and demand factors, which include, among other things, industry-wide capacity, our planned utilization rate, end-user demand, capital expenditures and economic conditions. such estimates are consistent with those used in our planning and capital investment reviews.
•future volumes. our estimates of future refinery, pipeline throughput and natural gas and natural gas liquid processing volumes are based on internal forecasts prepared by our refining & marketing and midstream segments operations personnel. assumptions about our customers' drilling activity are inherently subjective and contingent upon a number of variable factors (including future or expected crude oil and natural gas pricing considerations), many of which are difficult to forecast. management considers these volume forecasts and other factors when developing our forecasted cash flows.
•discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. we apply a discount rate to our cash flows based on a variety of factors, including market and economic conditions, operational risk, regulatory risk and political risk. this discount rate is also compared to recent observable market transactions, if possible. a higher discount rate decreases the net present value of cash flows.
•future capital requirements. these are based on authorized spending and internal forecasts.
assumptions about the macroeconomic environment are inherently subjective and difficult to forecast. we base our fair value estimates on projected financial information which we believe to be reasonable. however, actual results may differ from these projections.
the need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a weakened outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in pipeline throughput volumes, a significant reduction in natural gas or natural gas liquids processed, a significant reduction in refining margins, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment. the following sections detail our critical accounting estimates related to impairment assessments for long-lived assets, goodwill and equity method investments.
long-lived asset impairment assessments long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable based on the expected undiscounted future cash flow of an asset group. for purposes of impairment evaluation, long-lived assets must be grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified, which generally is the refinery and associated distribution system level for refining & marketing segment assets, and the plant level or pipeline system level for midstream segment assets. if the sum of the undiscounted estimated pretax cash flows is less than the carrying value of an asset group, fair value is calculated, and the carrying value is written down to the calculated fair value.
goodwill impairment assessments unlike long-lived assets, goodwill is subject to annual, or more frequent if necessary, impairment testing at the reporting unit level. a goodwill impairment loss is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the recorded amount of goodwill.
at december 31, 2023, mpc had four reporting units with goodwill totaling approximately $8.24 billion. the majority of this balance is comprised of the midstream reporting units, including $1.1 billion for the mplx crude gathering reporting unit and $6.6 billion for the mplx transportation & storage reporting unit. for the annual impairment assessment as of november 30, 2023, management performed only a qualitative assessment for three reporting units as we determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeded the carrying value. significant assumptions used to estimate the reporting units' fair value under a qualitative approach included estimates of future cash flows and market information for comparable assets. a quantitative assessment was performed for the mplx crude gathering reporting unit, which resulted in the fair value of the reporting unit exceeding its carrying value by greater than 10 percent. the fair value of the reporting unit was determined based on applying both a discounted cash flow method (i.e., income approach) as well as a market approach. an increase of one percentage point to the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit would not have resulted in a goodwill impairment charge as of november 30, 2023. significant assumptions that were used to estimate the crude gathering reporting unit's fair values under the discounted cash flow method included management's best estimates of the discount rate, as well as estimates of future cash flows, which are impacted primarily by producer customers' development plans, which impact the reporting unit's future volumes and capital requirements. if estimates for future cash flows were to decline, the overall reporting units' fair values would decrease, resulting in potential goodwill impairment charges. fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future.
equity method investment impairment assessment equity method investments are assessed for impairment whenever factors indicate an other than temporary loss in value. factors providing evidence of such a loss include the fair value of an investment that is less than its carrying value, absence of an ability to recover the carrying value or the investee's inability to generate income sufficient to justify our carrying value. at december 31, 2023, we had $6.26 billion of investments in equity method investments recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 15 for additional information on our equity method investments. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 17 for additional information on our goodwill and intangibles, including a table summarizing our recorded goodwill by segment.
derivatives we record all derivative instruments at fair value. substantially all of our commodity derivatives are cleared through exchanges which provide active trading information for identical derivatives and do not require any assumptions in arriving at fair value. fair value estimation for all our derivative instruments is discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 18. additional information about derivatives and their valuation may be found in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
variable interest entities we evaluate all legal entities in which we hold an ownership or other pecuniary interest to determine if the entity is a vie. our interests in a vie are referred to as variable interests. variable interests can be contractual, ownership or other pecuniary interests in an entity that change with changes in the fair value of the vie's assets. when we conclude that we hold an interest in a vie we must determine if we are the entity's primary beneficiary. a primary beneficiary is deemed to have a controlling financial interest in a vie. this controlling financial interest is evidenced by both (a) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the vie. we consolidate any vie when we determine that we are the primary beneficiary. we must disclose the nature of any interests in a vie that is not consolidated.
significant judgment is exercised in determining that a legal entity is a vie and in evaluating our interest in a vie. we use primarily a qualitative analysis to determine if an entity is a vie. we evaluate the entity's need for continuing financial support; the equity holder's lack of a controlling financial interest; and/or if an equity holder's voting interests are disproportionate to its obligation to absorb expected losses or receive residual returns. we evaluate our interests in a vie to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary. we use a primarily qualitative analysis to determine if we are deemed to have a controlling financial interest in the vie, either on a standalone basis or as part of a related party group. we continually monitor our interests in legal entities for changes in the design or activities of an entity and changes in our interests, including our status as the primary beneficiary to determine if the changes require us to revise our previous conclusions.
changes in the design or nature of the activities of a vie, or our involvement with a vie, may require us to reconsider our conclusions on the entity's status as a vie and/or our status as the primary beneficiary. such reconsideration requires significant judgment and understanding of the organization. this could result in the deconsolidation or consolidation of the affected subsidiary, which would have a significant impact on our financial statements.
variable interest entities are discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 7.
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations accounting for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations involves numerous assumptions, the most significant of which relate to the following:
•the discount rate for measuring the present value of future plan obligations;
•the expected long-term return on plan assets;
•the rate of future increases in compensation levels;
•health care cost projections; and
•the mortality table used in determining future plan obligations.
we utilize the work of third-party actuaries to assist in the measurement of these obligations. we have selected different discount rates for each of our pension plans and retiree health and welfare based on the projected benefit payment patterns of each individual plan. the selected rates are compared to various similar bond indexes for reasonableness. in determining the assumed discount rates, we use our third-party actuaries' discount rate models. these models calculate an equivalent single discount rate for the projected benefit plan cash flows using yield curves derived from aa or higher corporate bond yields. the yield curves represent a series of annualized individual spot discount rates from 0.5 to 99 years. the bonds used have an average rating of aa or higher from a recognized rating agency and generally only non-callable bonds are included. outlier bonds that have a yield to maturity that deviate significantly from the average yield within each maturity grouping are not included. each issue is required to have at least $300 million par value outstanding.
of the assumptions used to measure the year-end obligations and estimated annual net periodic benefit cost, the discount rate has the most significant effect on the periodic benefit cost reported for the plans. decreasing the discount rates of 4.90 percent for our pension plans and 4.80 percent for our other postretirement benefit plans by 0.25 percent would increase pension obligations and other postretirement benefit plan obligations by $74 million and $16 million, respectively, and would increase defined benefit pension expense and other postretirement benefit plan expense by $10 million and less than $1 million, respectively.
the long-term asset rate of return assumption considers the asset mix of the plans (currently targeted at approximately 50 percent equity securities and 50 percent fixed income securities for the primary funded pension plan), past performance and other factors. certain components of the asset mix are modeled with various assumptions regarding inflation and returns. in addition, our long-term asset rate of return assumption is compared to those of other companies and to historical returns for reasonableness. we used the 7.00 percent long-term rate of return to determine our 2023 defined benefit pension expense. after evaluating activity in the capital markets, along with the current and projected plan investments, we decreased the asset rate of return for our primary plan to 6.80 percent effective for 2024. decreasing the 7.00 percent asset rate of return assumption by 0.25 percentage points would increase our defined benefit pension expense by $5 million.
compensation change assumptions are based on historical experience, anticipated future management actions and demographics of the benefit plans.
health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
we utilized the 2021 mortality tables from the u.s. society of actuaries.
