item 1a - risk factors nrg's risk factors are grouped into the following categories: (i) risks related to the acquisition of vivint smart home; (ii) risks related to the operation of nrg's business; (iii) risks related to governmental regulation and laws; and (iv) risks related to economic and financial market conditions, and the company's indebtedness.
risks related to the acquisition of vivint smart home the acquisition of vivint smart home may not achieve its intended results and its integration may disrupt or have a negative impact on the company's business.
achieving the anticipated cost savings and operating efficiencies from the acquisition of vivint smart home is subject to risks, including whether the businesses of nrg and vivint smart home are integrated in an efficient and effective manner. these risks include, but are not limited to:
•the difficulty of managing and integrating vivint smart home and its operations;
•difficulties in implementing and maintaining uniform processes, systems, standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation standards;
•unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, and other systems;
•the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
•the potential difficulty in managing an increased number of locations and employees;
•difficulty addressing any possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies; and
•the effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired.
many of these factors are outside of the company's control. failure to address these risks effectively could result in increased costs, lower-than-expected revenues or income generated by the combined company and diversion of management's time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial results and prospects.
risks related to the operation of nrg's business nrg's financial performance may be impacted by price fluctuations in the retail and wholesale power and natural gas markets, as well as fluctuations in coal and oil markets and other market factors that are beyond the company's control.
market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal, oil and renewable energy credits are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate substantially. electric power generally must be produced concurrently with its use. as a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. long and short-term power and gas prices may also fluctuate substantially due to other factors outside of the company's control, including:
•changes in generation capacity in the company's markets, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new plants, expansion of existing plants, the continued operation of uneconomic power plants due to state subsidies, retirement of existing plants or addition of new transmission capacity;
•electric supply disruptions, including plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•changes in power and gas transmission infrastructure;
•transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•weather conditions, including extreme weather conditions and seasonal fluctuations, including the effects of climate change;
•changes in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and oil;
•changes in the demand for power or gas, or in patterns of power or gas usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices, distributed generation, and more efficient end-use technologies;
•development of new fuels, new technologies and new forms of competition for the production of power;
•economic and political conditions;
•changes in law, including judicial decisions, environmental regulations and environmental legislation; and
•federal, state and provincial power regulations and legislation, and regulations and actions of the iso and rtos.
while retail rates are generally designed to allow retail sellers of electricity and natural gas to pass through price fluctuations and other changes to costs, the company may not be able to pass through all such changes to customers. for example, serving retail power customers in isos that have a capacity market exposes the company to the risk that capacity costs can change and may not be recoverable, or the company may engage in sales of power at fixed prices. additionally, increases in wholesale costs to retail customers may cause additional customer defaults or increased customer attrition, or may be impacted by regulatory rules.
further, in low natural gas price environments, natural gas can be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity. the company enters into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate its base load coal-fired generating facilities. the company may experience periods where it holds excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in the company reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities. in addition, the company may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of its generating requirements.
such factors and the associated fluctuations in power prices have affected the company's wholesale and retail profitability in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future.
volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas could adversely affect the financial performance of nrg's retail operations.
the company's earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the wholesale power or gas prices rise at a greater rate than the rates the company can charge to customers. the price of wholesale electricity and gas supply purchases associated with the retail operations' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors:
•varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts;
•subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas;
•daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices;
•transmission and transportation constraints and the company's ability to move power or gas to its customers; and
•changes in market heat rate (i.e., the relationship between power and natural gas prices).
the company's earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which its customers' actual usage of electricity or gas significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, changes in usage patterns, competition and economic conditions.
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations, and nrg's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the company's quarterly and annual financial results.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its business. the company's risk management policies and hedging procedures may not mitigate risk as planned, and the company may fail to fully or effectively hedge its commodity supply and price risk. in addition, these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells or buys power or gas forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, natural gas, fuel, emissions allowances, environmental attributes and credits, weather, and other physical and financial commodity related products that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
nrg generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. these derivatives are accounted for in accordance with the fasb asc 815, derivatives and hedging ("asc 815"), which requires the company to record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or a scope exception. as a result, the company's quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
competition may have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
the company's retail operations face competition for customers. competitors may offer different products, lower prices, and other incentives which may attract customers away from the company. in some retail electricity markets, the principal competitor may be the incumbent utility. the incumbent utility often has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers and strong brand recognition. furthermore, nrg may face competition from other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services, who have, and may in the future, develop businesses and offerings that compete with nrg.
the company's smart home services market faces competition from residential security companies as well as other companies that are able to bundle their existing offerings, such as cable, telecommunications and internet service, with automation and monitored security services, and from do-it-yourself smart home systems, which customers are able to install without subscription services.
the company's plant operations face competition from newer or more efficient plants owned by competitors, which may put some of the company's plants at a disadvantage to the extent these competitors are able to consume the same or less fuel as the company's plant. over time, the company's plants may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants, which could result in asset retirements.
nrg's competitors may have greater liquidity, greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures, greater ability to incur losses, longer-standing relationships with customers, greater brand awareness, greater potential for profitability from retail sales or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than nrg does. competitors may also have better access to subsidies or other out-of-market payments that put nrg at a competitive disadvantage.
nrg's competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies, or devote greater resources to marketing of retail energy and home services than nrg can. in addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share.
there can be no assurance that nrg will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and any failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
nrg's strategy relies, in part, on its ability to cross-serve and optimize its network of retail and smart home services customers, and if it is unable to retain existing customers and expand their use of the company's products and services, its expected growth and operating results could be adversely affected.
as part of nrg's growth strategy, it is important for the company to cross-sell energy sales and services to smart home services subscribers and smart home services to residential retail customers. as the company continues pursuing cross-selling opportunities between these customers, there can be no assurances that its efforts in this regard will be successful. additionally, for the company to be successful in such cross-selling opportunities, it must retain its existing customers. the length of the terms for which nrg's retail customers are contracted can be for multi-year periods, but many customers are contracted for a period of one year or less. smart home services customers historically have entered into subscriptions that range from three to five years. these customers are not obligated to, and may not, renew their contracts or subscriptions after the expiration of their original commitments. if customers terminate their contracts, do not renew their contracts or do not expand their use of nrg's products and services, the company's growth strategy may not be successful and its expected results of operations may be adversely affected.
nrg's costs, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by disruption of its fuel supplies.
nrg relies on natural gas, coal and oil to fuel a majority of its power generation facilities. grid operations depend on the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties, as well as the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve generation facilities and to ensure that there is sufficient power produced to meet retail demand. as a result, the company's wholesale generation facilities are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at its generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price, if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure.
nrg routinely hedges both its wholesale sales and purchases to support its retail load obligations. in order to hedge these obligations, the company may enter into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow the company to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter. disruptions in the company's fuel supplies or power supply arrangements may therefore require it to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power or sell electricity or natural gas as contracted. any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg also buys energy and fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. prices sometimes rise or fall significantly over a relatively short period of time. the price nrg can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. retail rates may also not rise at the same rate or may not rise at all. this may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg's plant operating characteristics and equipment, particularly at its coal-fired plants, often dictate the specific fuel quality to be combusted. the availability and price of specific fuel qualities may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, coal of specific quality may not be available at any price or the company may not be able to transport such coal to its facilities on a timely basis. in this case, the company may not be able to run the coal facility even if it would be profitable. operating a coal facility with different quality coal can lead to emission or operating problems. if the company had sold forward the power from such a coal facility, it could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the company's results of operations.
there may be periods when nrg will not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale or purchase obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
the company may sell fixed price gas as a proxy for power. because the obligations under most of the company's forward sale agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, nrg is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that the company does not have sufficient lower-cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, the company would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. if nrg fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
nrg may not have sufficient liquidity to hedge market risks effectively.
the company is exposed to market risks through its retail and wholesale operations, which involve the purchase of electricity and natural gas for resale, the sale of energy, capacity and related products, and the purchase and sale of fuel, transmission services and emission allowances. these market risks include, among other risks, volatility arising from location and timing differences that may be associated with buying and transporting fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
nrg undertakes to hedge these market activities through agreements with various counterparties. many of the company's agreements with counterparties include provisions that require the company to provide guarantees, offset or netting arrangements, letters of credit, a first lien on assets and/or cash collateral to protect the counterparties against the risk of the company's default or insolvency. the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. significant movements in market prices can result in the company being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. the effectiveness of the company's strategy may depend on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than the company anticipates or will be able to meet. without a sufficient amount of working capital to post as collateral in support of performance guarantees or as a cash margin, the company may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement its strategy. an increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the company's counterparties may negatively affect the company's liquidity and financial condition.
further, if retail customers use more power or gas than expected, or if any of nrg's facilities experience unplanned outages, the company may be required to procure additional power or gas at spot market prices to fulfill contractual commitments. without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, the company may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities, and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets.
the operation of the company's businesses is subject to advanced persistent cyber-based security threats and integrity risk. attacks on nrg's infrastructure that breach cyber/data security measures could expose the company to significant liabilities, reputational damage, regulatory action, and disrupt business operations, which could have a material adverse effect.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of nrg's businesses depend on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems, much of which is connected (directly or indirectly) to the internet. as a result, nrg's information technology systems and infrastructure, and those of its vendors and suppliers, are susceptible to cyber-based security threats which could compromise confidentiality, integrity or availability. while the company has controls in place designed to protect its infrastructure, such breaches and threats are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, requiring continuing evolution of its program. any such breach, disruption or similar event that impairs nrg's information technology infrastructure could disrupt normal business operations and affect the company's ability to control its generation assets, provide smart home services, maintain confidentiality, availability and integrity of restricted data, access retail customer information and limit communication with third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on the company.
as part of the continuing development of new and modified reliability standards, the ferc has approved changes to its critical infrastructure protection reliability standards and has established standards for assets identified as "critical cyber assets." under the energy policy act of 2005, the ferc can impose penalties (up to $1 million per day, per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards, including standards to protect the power system against potential disruptions from cyber/data and physical security breaches.
further, the company's retail, home and services businesses, as well as vivint smart home's smart home platform, require accessing, collecting, storing and transmitting sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. concerns about data privacy have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact nrg's businesses and changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could adversely affect the company's business and financial results. nrg's retail, home, services and smart home businesses may need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center operations, to such businesses. the services and the networks and information systems utilized by the company may be at risk for breaches as a result of third-party actions, employee or vendor error, malfeasance or other factors.
although the company takes precautions to protect its infrastructure, it has been, and will likely continue to be, subject to attempts at phishing and other cybersecurity intrusions. international conflict increases the risk of state-sponsored cyber threats and escalated use of cybercriminal and cyber-espionage activities. in particular, the current geopolitical climate has further escalated cybersecurity risk, with various government agencies, including the u.s. cybersecurity & infrastructure security agency, issuing warnings of increased cyber threats, particularly for u.s. critical infrastructure. while the company has not experienced a cyber/data event causing any material operational, reputational or financial impact, it recognizes the growing threat within the general marketplace and the industry, and there is no assurance that nrg will be able to prevent any such impacts in the future. if a material breach of the company's information technology systems were to occur, the critical operational capabilities and reputation of its business may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, and nrg may be subject to substantial legal or regulatory scrutiny and claims, any of which may contribute to potential legal or regulatory actions against the company, loss of customers, fines, penalties or other sanctions and otherwise have a material adverse effect. any loss or disruption of critical operational capabilities to support the company's generation, commercial or retail operations, loss of customers, or loss of confidential or proprietary data through a breach, unauthorized access, disruption, misuse or disclosure could adversely affect nrg's reputation, expose the company to material legal or regulatory claims and impair the company's ability to execute its business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect. in addition, nrg may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its information technology infrastructure. nrg cannot provide any assurance that such events and impacts will not be material in the future, and the company's efforts to deter, identify and mitigate future breaches may require additional significant capital and may not be successful.
nrg relies on storage, transportation assets and suppliers, which it does not own or control, to deliver natural gas.
the company depends on natural gas pipelines and other transportation and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale and retail markets and to provide retail energy services to customers. the company's ability to provide natural gas for its present and projected customers will depend upon its suppliers' ability to obtain and deliver supplies of natural gas, as well as nrg's ability to acquire supplies. factors beyond the control of the company and its suppliers may affect the company's ability to deliver such supplies. these factors include other parties' control over the drilling of new wells and the facilities to transport natural gas to the company's receipt points, development of additional interstate pipeline infrastructure, availability of supply sources competition for the acquisition of natural gas, priority allocations, impact of severe weather disruptions to natural gas supplies and the regulatory and pricing policies of federal and state regulatory agencies, as well as the availability of canadian reserves for export to the u.s. energy deregulation legislation may increase competition among natural gas utilities and impact the quantities of natural gas requirements needed for sales service. if supply, transportation or storage is disrupted, including for reasons of force majeure, the ability of the company to sell and deliver its products and services may be hindered. as a result, the company may be responsible for damages incurred by its customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative supply at then-current market rates. these conditions could have a material impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on nrg's revenues and results of operations, and nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards.
the ongoing operation of nrg's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the company's products to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the company's business. unplanned outages typically increase the company's operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce the company's revenues as a result of selling fewer mwh or incurring non-performance penalties and/or require nrg to incur significant costs as a result of obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market or running one of its higher cost units to satisfy the company's forward power sales obligations. nrg's inability to operate the company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
in addition, nrg provides plant operations and commercial services to a variety of third parties. there is a risk that mistakes, mis-operations or actions taken by these third parties could be attributed to nrg, including the risk of investigation or penalties being assessed to nrg in connection with the services it offers, or that regulators could question whether nrg had the appropriate safeguards in place.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in the company's operations. these and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in nrg being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties.
nrg maintains an amount of insurance protection that it considers adequate, obtains warranties from vendors and obligates contractors to meet certain performance levels, but the company cannot provide any assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. a successful claim for which the company is not adequately insured or protected could hurt its financial results and materially harm nrg's financial condition. nrg cannot provide any assurance that its insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
supplier and/or customer concentration, the inability of suppliers to meet their obligations and dependence on third-party service providers may expose the company to significant financial credit or performance risks and adversely affect nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
nrg often relies on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision and transportation of fuel, chemicals and other services required for the operation of certain of its facilities. if these suppliers cannot perform these services, the company utilizes the marketplace. there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these services as, when and where required or at comparable prices. the company also relies on a number of sole or limited source suppliers for critical components for its smart home products and services, and those services are dependent on third-party cellular, telecommunications and/or internet providers.
the failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to nrg, the inability of nrg to source products and services on acceptable terms, if at all, and the failure of third parties to provide services to its customers that are necessary for the company's smart home services could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results. as a result, the financial performance of the company's facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers, which cannot be guaranteed.
maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
nrg's facilities require periodic maintenance and repair. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability. nrg cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). the unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and financial condition.
nrg relies on power transmission and distribution facilities that it does not own or control and that are subject to transmission constraints within a number of the company's core regions.
nrg depends on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by others to deliver power to its customers. if transmission or distribution is disrupted, including by force majeure events, or if the transmission or distribution infrastructure is inadequate, nrg's ability to deliver power may be adversely impacted. the company also cannot predict whether transmission or distribution facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which nrg operates, energy transmission congestion may occur and the company may be deemed responsible for congestion costs associated with power sales or purchases, or retail sales, particularly where the company's load is not co-located with its retail sales obligations. if nrg were liable for such congestion costs, the company's financial results could be adversely affected.
rates and terms for service of certain residential and commercial customers in alberta are subject to regulatory review and approval.
the company owns direct energy regulated services, which serves as a regulated rate supplier for residential and commercial energy customers in portions of the province of alberta. it is required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for sales of power and natural gas. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but also have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for the company to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent reviews by regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed. in certain instances, the company could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters and other cost recovery elements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the company to recover its costs or earn an adequate return. in addition, subsequent legislative or regulatory action could alter the terms on which the regulated business operates and future earnings could be negatively impacted. the company also operates a competitive energy supply business in alberta that is not subject to rate regulation and is subject to stringent requirements to segregate operations and information relating to the competitive business from the regulated business. failure to comply with these and other requirements on the business could subject the company's regulated and competitive businesses in alberta to fines, penalties, and restrictions on the ability to continue business.
because nrg owns less than a majority of the ownership interests of some of its project investments, the company cannot exercise complete control over their operations.
nrg has limited control over the operation of some project investments and joint ventures because the company's investments are in projects where it beneficially owns less than a majority of the ownership interests. nrg seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which it owns less than a majority of the ownership interests by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. however, the company may not always succeed in such negotiations. nrg may be dependent on its co-venturers to operate such projects. the company's co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management or other attributes necessary to operate these projects optimally. the approval of co-venturers also may be required for nrg to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer the company's interest in projects.
future acquisition or disposition activities could involve unknown risks and may have materially adverse effects and nrg may be subject to trailing liabilities from businesses that it disposes of or that are inactive.
nrg may in the future acquire or dispose of businesses or assets, acquire or sell books of retail customers, or pursue other business activities, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries that involve a number of risks. the acquisition of companies and assets, and their integration, is subject to substantial risks, including the failure to identify material problems during due diligence, the risk of over-paying for assets or customers, the inability to retain customers and the inability to arrange financing for an acquisition as may be required or desired. further, the integration and consolidation of acquisitions requires substantial human, financial and other resources and, ultimately, the company's acquisitions may not be successfully integrated. in the case of dispositions, such risks may relate to employment matters, counterparties, regulators and other stakeholders in the disposed business, the separation of disposed assets from nrg's business, the management of nrg's ongoing business, and other financial, legal and operational matters related to such disposition, which may be unknown to nrg at the time. in addition, nrg may be subject to material trailing liabilities from disposed businesses. any such risk may result in one or more costly disputes or litigation. there can be no assurances that any future acquisitions will perform as expected or that the returns from such acquisitions will support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them. there can also be no assurances that nrg will realize the anticipated benefits from any such dispositions. the failure to realize the anticipated returns or benefits from an acquisition or disposition could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
negative publicity may damage nrg's reputation or its brands and negatively impact its business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees.
nrg's reputation and brands could be damaged for numerous reasons, including negative views of the company's environmental impact, sustainability goals, supply chain practices, product and service offerings, sponsorship relationships, charitable giving programs and public statements made by company officials. additionally, the company is from time to time named in investigations, claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business, and customers have in the past communicated complaints to consumer protection organizations, regulators or the media. negative claims or publicity regarding the company or its operations, offerings, practices or customer service may damage its brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. the company may also experience criticism or backlash from media, customers, employees, government entities, advocacy groups and other stakeholders that disagree with positions taken by the company or its executives. if the company's brands or reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees.
the company has made investments focused on consumer products that may not be successful, may not achieve the intended financial results or may result in product liability and reputational risk that could adversely affect the company.
the company may be liable to customers for any damage caused to customers' homes, facilities, belongings or property during the installation of company products and systems, such as smart home systems, home back-up generators and residential hvac system repairs, installation and replacements. where such work is performed by independent contractors, such as repairs performed under the company's home protection plan products, the company may nonetheless face claims and costs for damage. in addition, shortages of skilled labor for company projects could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase its costs. the products that the company sells or manufactures may expose the company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. although the company maintains liability insurance and its service contracts limit company liability, the company cannot be certain that its coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that contractual limitations will be enforced. the laws of some states limit or prohibit insurance coverage for certain liabilities and actions, and any significant uninsured damages could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and cash flows. further, any product liability claims or damage caused by the company could significantly impair the company's brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the company's desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
changes in technology may impair the value of, and the attractiveness of, its retail products, smart home services and nrg's generation facilities.
research and development activities are ongoing in the industry to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to produce power, including wind, photovoltaic (solar) cells, hydrogen, energy storage, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines. advances in these or other technologies, including through artificial intelligence, could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position. technology, including distributed technology or changes in retail rate structures, may also have a material impact on the company's ability to retain retail customers. further, technological innovation and changes could cause the company's smart home products and services to become obsolete, or otherwise more expensive and less effective than those of competitors, putting the company at a competitive disadvantage.
some emerging technologies, such as distributed renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices, could affect the price of energy. these emerging technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the company's smart home services rely on intellectual property and any failure to adequately protect such intellectual property, or claims that the company has infringed on others' intellectual property rights, could have an adverse effect on its business and operations and result in a competitive disadvantage.
the company relies on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the united states and other countries and a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions and other methods, to protect its intellectual property, all of which offer only limited protection. if the company fails to acquire the necessary intellectual property rights or adequately protect or assert its intellectual property rights, competitors may manufacture and market similar products and services or convert customers, which could adversely affect market share and results of operations for smart home services. in addition, patent rights may not prevent competitors from developing, using or selling products or services that are similar to or address the same market as the company's smart home products and services. certain of the company's smart home solutions contain software modules licensed under "open-source" licenses, which may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. further, if proprietary software is combined with open-source software, in certain cases the company could be required to release the source code of the proprietary software to the public, allowing competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time.
it is possible that certain of the company's smart home products and services or those of third parties incorporated into its offerings could infringe the intellectual property rights of others. from time to time, vivint smart home has been subject to claims based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of the intellectual property rights of others. if the company is unable to successfully defend against such claims or license necessary third-party technology or other intellectual property on acceptable terms it may be required to develop alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time, effort, and expense and may ultimately not be successful.
nrg's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
as of december 31, 2023, approximately 4% of nrg's employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event that the company's union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, nrg would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or the company could experience reduced power generation or outages. although nrg's ability to procure such labor is uncertain, contingency staffing planning is completed as part of each respective contract negotiation. strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, a number of the company's employees at nrg's plants are close to retirement. the company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
nrg's failure to manage key executive succession and retention and to continue to attract qualified personnel could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the loss of one or more of the company's key personnel or the inability to effectively identify a suitable successor to a key role could adversely affect the company's business. the failure to successfully transition and assimilate key employees, the effectiveness of the company's leaders, and any further transition, could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
risks that are beyond nrg's control, including but not limited to acts of terrorism or related acts of war, natural disaster or other catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's generation facilities and the facilities of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with such activities, all of which could cause environmental repercussions and/or result in full or partial disruption of the facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or natural gas. strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. any such environmental repercussions or disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, significant weather events or terrorist actions could damage or shut down the power or gas transmission and distribution facilities upon which the company is dependent, which may reduce retail volume for extended periods of time. power or gas supply may be sold at a loss if these events cause a significant loss of retail customer demand.
risks related to governmental regulation and laws nrg's business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future energy regulations or requirements.
nrg's business is subject to extensive u.s. federal, state and local laws and foreign laws. compliance with, or changes to, the requirements under these legal regimes may cause the company to incur significant additional costs, reduce the company's ability to hedge exposure or to sell retail power within certain states or to certain classes of retail customers, or restrict the company's marketing practices, its ability to pass through costs to retail customers, or its ability to compete on favorable terms with competitors, including the incumbent utility. retail competition and home protection services are regulated on a state-by-state or at the province-by-province level and are highly dependent on state and provincial laws, regulations and policies, which could change at any moment. failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility or line of business, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. except for ercot generation facilities and power marketers, all of nrg's non-qualifying facility generating companies and power marketing affiliates in the u.s. make sales of electricity in interstate commerce and are public utilities for purposes of the fpa. ferc has granted each of nrg's generating and power marketing companies that make sales of electricity outside of ercot the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc's orders that grant nrg's generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if ferc subsequently determines that nrg can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, nrg's market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of nrg's generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated those rules, they are subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if nrg's generating and power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have a material adverse effect on the rates nrg charges for power from its facilities.
the company's generation assets are also subject to the reliability standards promulgated by the designated electric reliability organization (currently nerc) and approved by ferc. if nrg fails to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, nrg could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties and increased compliance obligations. nrg is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules that occur in the existing isos. the isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps, non-performance penalties and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of nrg's generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
the regulatory environment is subject to significant changes due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. these changes are ongoing, and the company cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on nrg's business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, or delayed, the company's business prospects and financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, there have been a number of reforms to the regulation of the derivatives markets, both in the united states and internationally. these regulations, and any further changes thereto, or adoption of additional regulations, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives, could negatively impact nrg's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting nrg's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
nrg's business may be affected by interference in the competitive wholesale marketplace.
nrg's generation and competitive retail operations rely on a competitive wholesale marketplace. the competitive wholesale marketplace may be impacted by out-of-market subsidies, imports of power from canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, mandates to sell power below its cost of acquisition and associated costs as well as out-of-market payments to new or existing generators. these out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation undermine the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by the company. if these measures continue, capacity and energy prices may be suppressed, and the company may not be successful in its efforts to insulate the competitive market from this interference. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants.
additions or changes in tax laws and regulations could potentially affect the company's financial results or liquidity.
nrg is subject to various types of tax arising from normal business operations in the jurisdictions in which the company operates. any additions or changes to tax legislation, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition and results of operations, including income tax provision and accruals reflected in the consolidated financial statements. beginning in 2023, the company is now subject to a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax as a result of the inflation reduction act. the camt may lead to volatility in the company's cash tax payment obligations, particularly in periods of significant commodity or currency variability resulting from potential changes in the fair value of derivative instruments. the company continuously monitors and assesses proposed tax legislation that could negatively impact its business.
the capacity performance product into the pjm market could lead to substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
pjm operates a pay-for-performance model where capacity payments are modified based on real-time generator performance. capacity market prices are sensitive to design parameters, as well as additions of new capacity. nrg may experience substantial changes in capacity income and incur non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to environmental laws that impose extensive and increasingly stringent requirements on the company's ongoing operations, as well as potentially substantial liabilities arising out of environmental contamination. these environmental requirements and liabilities could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to the environmental laws of foreign and u.s., federal, state and local authorities. the company must comply with numerous environmental laws and obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals to build and operate the company's plants. federal and state environmental laws generally have become more stringent over time. should nrg fail to comply with any environmental requirements that apply to its operations, the company could be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal liability and fines, and regulatory agencies could take other actions seeking to curtail the company's operations. in addition, when new requirements take effect or when existing environmental requirements are revised, reinterpreted or subject to changing enforcement policies, nrg's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
nrg's businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change, and policies at the national, regional and state levels to regulate ghg emissions and mitigate climate change which could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
fluctuations in weather and other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for electricity or natural gas. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, could disrupt nrg's operations and supply chain, and cause it to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. these or other changes in climate could lead to increased operating costs or capital expenses. nrg's customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including changing the fuel mix and resiliency of their energy solutions and supply.
the contribution of climate change to the frequency or intensity of weather-related events could affect nrg's operations and planning process. climate change could also affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for the continued operation of nrg's generation plants. nrg monitors water supply risk carefully. if it is determined that a water supply risk exists that could impact projected generation levels at any plant, risk mitigation efforts are identified and evaluated for implementation.
further, demand for nrg's energy-related services could be similarly impacted by consumers' preferences or market or regulatory factors favoring energy efficiency, lower carbon energy sources or reduced electricity or natural gas usage.
nrg's ghg emissions reduction targets can be found in item 1, business -environmental regulatory matters. the company's ability to achieve these targets depends on many factors, including the ability to retire high emitting assets, ability to reduce emissions based on technological advances and innovation, and ability to source energy from less carbon intense resources. in addition, any future decarbonization efforts may increase costs, or nrg may otherwise be limited in its ability to apply them. the cost associated with nrg's ghg emissions reduction goals could be significant. failure to achieve the company's emissions targets could result in a negative impact on access to and cost of capital, changing investor sentiment regarding investment in the company or reputation harm.
enhanced data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any non-compliance with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect nrg's business and financial results.
the consumer privacy landscape continues to experience momentum for greater privacy protection and reform at the state and federal level in response to precedents set forth by the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") and the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa"). the development and evolving nature of domestic and international privacy regulation and enforcement could impact and potentially limit how nrg processes personally identifiable information. california residents now have increased access rights (including the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information), which are enforced by a new state privacy regulator, resulting in more scrutiny of business practices and disclosures. additional states including virginia, utah, connecticut, colorado, nevada and texas have similarly adopted enhanced data privacy legislation and patterned after the standards set forth by ccpa, including broader data access rights, with virginia going a step further requiring businesses to perform data protection assessments for certain processing activities. the company is also bound by contractual requirements relating to privacy and data protection, and may agree to additional contractual requirements addressing these matters from time to time.
as new laws and regulations are created, amended or expanded, requiring businesses to implement processes to enable customers access to their data and enhanced data protection and management standards, nrg cannot forecast with any certainty the impact that they may have on the company's business; however, it is possible the company may find it necessary or desirable to change certain of its business practices or to expend resources to modify its home products and services and otherwise adapt to these changes. it is possible that the company may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and its ability to develop new home services and features could be limited. any non-compliance with laws may result in proceedings or actions against the company by governmental entities or individuals. moreover, any inquiries or investigations, government penalties or sanctions, or civil actions by individuals may be costly to comply with, resulting in negative publicity, increased operating costs, significant management time and attention, and may lead to remedies that harm the business, including fines, demands or orders that existing business practices be modified or terminated.
nrg's retail operations and smart home services are subject to changing rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the company's profitability.
the competitiveness of nrg's retail operations partially depends on regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions upon which services are offered to retail customers. these policies can include, among other things, controls on the retail rates that nrg can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on the company's sell certain types of products or ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements. the company's retail operations may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants. additionally, state, federal or provincial imposition of net metering or rps programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power.
the company's smart home services focus on transactions with residential customers, subjecting it to a variety of laws, regulations and licensing requirements governing interactions with residential consumers, including those pertaining to privacy and data security, consumer financial and credit transactions, home improvements, warranties and door-to-door solicitation. in certain jurisdictions, the company is required to obtain licenses or permits to comply with standards governing marketing and sales efforts, installation of equipment or servicing of subscribers, and monitoring station employee selection and training. increased regulation of matters relating to interactions with residential consumers could require modification to the company's home services operations and the incurrence of additional expenses. further, any expansion of the scope of products or services into new markets may require additional licenses and expenditures to otherwise maintain compliance with additional laws, regulations or licensing requirements. these laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, and any new laws, regulations or licensing requirements could negatively affect the company's ability to acquire new residential customers. any of these measures could increase costs for providing, or reduce customer satisfaction with respect to, smart home services.
the federal trade commission ("ftc") and the federal communications commission have issued regulations that restrict direct-to-home marketing, telemarketing, email marketing and other sales practices, including limitations on methods of communication, requirements to maintain a "do not call" list, cancellation rights and required training for personnel to comply with these restrictions. any noncompliance, or alleged noncompliance, of applicable regulations by the company, third-party vendors used for marketing, telemarketing or lead generation activities or independent, third-party authorized dealers of smart home services could result in private rights of actions or enforcement actions for civil or criminal penalties. changes in regulations or interpretations that further restrict lead generating activities also could result in a reduction in the number of new smart home services customers.
the company's smart home business exposes it to risks of liability for the acts or omissions of its employees, including with respect to sales practices.
activities in connection with sales efforts by employees, independent contractors, and other agents, including predatory door-to-door sales tactics and fraudulent misrepresentations, have in the past subjected it to, and could in the future subject the company to, governmental investigations and class action lawsuits for, among others, false advertising and deceptive trade practice damage claims. any litigation or regulatory proceedings resulting from such activities could adversely impact the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
the company is subject to various risks in connection with vivint smart home's ongoing settlement administration process involving the ftc, and may be subject to ftc actions in the future.
in 2021, vivint smart home entered into a settlement with the ftc where vivint smart home paid a total of $20 million to the united states and agreed to implement various compliance-related measures. the settlement requires an initial assessment and thereafter biennial assessments by an independent third-party assessor of vivint smart home's compliance programs and for the assessor to provide a report to the ftc staff on ongoing compliance with the settlement. although vivint smart home took action to enhance its compliance programs, these and other measures that the company may take in the future may not be successful. if any assessments identify deficiencies in the company's efforts to comply, and should the ftc determine that vivint smart home is not in full compliance with the settlement, the ftc could take further action, such as seeking judicial remedies for any noncompliance, and vivint smart home could be subject to additional sanctions and restrictions on its smart home operations. in addition, the filing of an application with the court for noncompliance with the settlement could lead to regulatory actions by other agencies or private litigation, which could impact vivint smart home's ability to obtain regulatory approvals necessary to carry out present or future plans and operations, and result in negative publicity.
the company's international operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond the company's control in the countries in which it operates, which risks may negatively impact the company's business.
the company's international operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the u.s. and internationally. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure labor, and supply chain disruptions than in nrg's other markets. operating a business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the company to a number of risks, including: imposition of burdensome tariffs or quotas, multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change, imposition of currency restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints, national and international conflict, including terrorist acts and political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries and result in increased cost. the occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to economic and financial market conditions and the company's indebtedness nrg's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or return capital to stockholders. it could also expose it to the risk of increased interest rates and limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
nrg's substantial amount of debt could have negative consequences, including:
•increasing nrg's vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;
•requiring a substantial portion of nrg's cash flow from operations be used to pay principal and interest on its indebtedness, which reduces nrg's ability to pay dividends or fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•limiting nrg's ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases, which require credit support;
•adversely impacting nrg's credit rating, which could increase borrowing costs;
•limiting nrg's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate purposes;
•limiting nrg's ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors, who may have less debt; and
•exposing nrg to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of its borrowings are at variable rates of interest.
the company's debt agreements contain financial and other restrictive covenants that may limit the company's ability to return capital to stockholders, including by paying dividends, or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. nrg's failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of such indebtedness, which in turn could cause a cross default to nrg's other indebtedness. nrg's assets and available cash balances may not be sufficient to fully repay all outstanding indebtedness if accelerated upon an event of default. if nrg is unable to repay, refinance, or restructure its indebtedness as required, or amend the covenants contained in those agreements, the lenders or other creditors may be entitled to obtain a lien or institute foreclosure proceedings against its assets, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the company's revolving credit facility and sustainability-linked bonds include a sustainability-linked metric, which could result in increased interest expense for the company if the sustainability metrics set forth therein are not achieved. furthermore, financial and other restrictive covenants contained in any subsidiary or project level debt may limit the ability of nrg to receive distributions from such subsidiary.
in addition, nrg's ability to arrange financing, either at the corporate level, a non-recourse project-level subsidiary or otherwise, and the costs of such capital are dependent on numerous factors, including: general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks and other financial institutions, investor confidence in nrg, its partners and the regional wholesale power markets, nrg's financial performance and the financial performance of its subsidiaries, nrg's level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in debt agreements, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, cash flow and provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital.
nrg's ability to meet its payment obligations under its debt agreements is dependent on its ability to generate significant cash flows or obtain additional capital in the future. this, to some extent, is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond its control. nrg may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. the failure to obtain additional capital on terms acceptable to nrg, or at all, from time to time may have a material adverse effect on its business and operations.
nrg's preferred stock is senior to its common stock, and a failure to pay dividends on its preferred stock will prohibit the payment of dividends on its common stock.
nrg has outstanding 650,000 shares of 10.25% series a fixed-rate reset cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock, with a $1,000 liquidation preference per share. the series a preferred stock is senior to nrg's common stock in right of payment of dividends and other distributions and could adversely affect nrg's ability to declare or pay dividends or distributions on its common stock. in the event of nrg's voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, the holders of series a preferred stock must receive their $1,000 per share, plus accumulated but unpaid dividends, prior to any distributions to holder of common stock. nrg must be current on dividends payable to holders of series a preferred stock before any dividends can be paid on its common stock.
whenever dividends on any shares of series a preferred stock have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of three or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the number of directors on the company's board of directors will be increased by two, and the holders of series a preferred stock will have the right to elect two members of the company's board of directors to fill such newly created openings.
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect nrg's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse economic conditions, including inflation, and declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, may impact nrg's results of operations, including by reducing the demand for energy commodities. in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact nrg's unhedged future energy margins, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition. macroeconomic factors may also impact consumer spending, which could adversely affect the company's smart home services, and increase the company's costs for such products and services, which it may not be able to pass on to customers. in addition, adverse economic conditions, declines in wholesale energy prices, reduced demand for energy and other factors may negatively impact the trading price of nrg's common stock and impact forecasted cash flows, which may require nrg to evaluate its goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment. any such impairment could have a material impact on nrg's financial condition.
goodwill and other intangible assets that nrg has recorded in connection with its acquisitions are subject to impairment evaluations and, as a result, the company could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangible assets, which may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment. other intangibles are also reviewed at least annually or more frequently, if certain conditions exist, and are amortized. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect nrg's reported results of operations and financial position in future periods.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k of nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, or securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or exchange act. the words "believes," "projects," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates," "should," "forecasts," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause nrg's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors, risks and uncertainties include the factors described under item 1a - risk factors and the following:
•business uncertainties related to nrg's ability to integrate the operations of vivint smart home with its own;
•nrg's ability to obtain and maintain retail market share;
•general economic conditions, changes in the wholesale power and gas markets and fluctuations in the cost of fuel;
•volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas, including the impacts of weather;
•hazards customary to the power production industry and power generation operations, such as fuel and electricity price volatility, unusual weather conditions, catastrophic weather-related or other damage to facilities, unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs, unanticipated changes to fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments, environmental incidents, or electric transmission or gas pipeline system constraints and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses as a result of such hazards;
•the effectiveness of nrg's risk management policies and procedures and the ability of nrg's counterparties to satisfy their financial commitments;
•nrg's ability to enter into contracts to sell power or gas and procure fuel on acceptable terms and prices;
•nrg's ability to successfully integrate, realize cost savings and manage any acquired businesses;
•nrg's ability to engage in successful acquisitions and divestitures, as well as other mergers and acquisitions activity;
•cyber terrorism and cybersecurity risks, data breaches or the occurrence of a catastrophic loss and the possibility that nrg may not have sufficient insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards or the inability of nrg's insurers to provide coverage;
•counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting nrg's liquidity position and financial condition;
•nrg's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and generate earnings and cash flows from its asset-based businesses in relation to its debt and other obligations;
•the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale markets for energy commodities;
•changes in law, including judicial and regulatory decisions;
•government regulation, including changes in market rules, rates, tariffs and environmental laws;
•nrg's ability to develop and innovate new products, as retail and wholesale markets continue to change and evolve;
•price mitigation strategies and other market structures employed by isos or rtos that result in a failure to adequately and fairly compensate nrg's generation units;
•nrg's ability to mitigate forced outage risk;
•nrg's ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, as well as nrg's substantial indebtedness and the possibility that nrg may incur additional indebtedness in the future;
•operating and financial restrictions placed on nrg and its subsidiaries that are contained in nrg's corporate credit agreements, and in debt and other agreements of certain of nrg subsidiaries and project affiliates generally;
•the ability of nrg and its counterparties to develop and build new power generation facilities;
•nrg's ability to implement its strategy of finding ways to meet the challenges of climate change, clean air and protecting natural resources, while taking advantage of business opportunities;
•nrg's ability to increase cash from operations through operational and market initiatives, corporate efficiencies, asset strategy, and a range of other programs throughout nrg to reduce costs or generate revenues;
•nrg's ability to successfully evaluate investments and achieve intended financial results in new business and growth initiatives; and
•nrg's ability to develop and maintain successful partnering relationships as needed.
in addition, unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made and nrg undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as otherwise required by applicable laws. the foregoing factors that could cause nrg's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k should not be construed as exhaustive.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis below has been organized as follows:
•executive summary, including the business environment in which the company operates, a discussion of regulation, weather, competition and other factors that affect the business, and other significant events that are important to understanding the results of operations and financial condition;
•results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, including an explanation of significant differences between the periods in the specific line items of nrg's consolidated statements of operations;
•liquidity and capital resources including liquidity position, financial condition addressing credit ratings, material cash requirements and commitments, and other obligations; and
•critical accounting estimates that are most important to both the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
as you read this discussion and analysis, refer to nrg's consolidated statements of operations in this form 10-k, which present the results of the company's operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, and also refer to item 1 - business to this form 10-k for more detail discussion about the company's business. a discussion and analysis of fiscal year 2021 may be found in part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
executive summary nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, sits at the intersection of energy and home services. nrg is a leading energy and home services company fueled by market-leading brands, proprietary technologies and complementary sales channels. across the u.s. and canada, nrg delivers innovative, sustainable solutions, predominately under the brand names such as nrg, reliant, direct energy, green mountain energy, and vivint, while also advocating for competitive energy markets and customer choice. the company has a customer base that includes approximately 8 million residential consumers in addition to commercial, industrial, and wholesale customers, supported by approximately 13 gw of generation as of december 31, 2023.
business environment the industry dynamics and external influences affecting the company, its businesses, and the retail energy and power generation industry in 2023 and for the future medium term include:
market dynamics - the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates. natural gas prices are driven by variables including demand from the industrial, residential, and electric sectors, productivity across natural gas supply basins, costs of natural gas production, changes in pipeline infrastructure, global lng demand, exports of natural gas, and the financial and hedging profile of natural gas customers and producers. in 2023, the average natural gas price at henry hub was $2.74 per mmbtu compared to $6.64 per mmbtu in 2022, representing a decrease of 59%.
nrg may experience impacts to gross margins due to significant, rapid changes in current natural gas prices, the impact those prices have on power prices, and the lag in its ability to make a corresponding adjustment to the retail rates it charges customers on term and month to month contracts. the company hedges its load commitments in order to mitigate the impact of changes in commodity prices, and as a result, these gross margin impacts would be realized in future periods until it is able to make the corresponding adjustments to the retail customer rates.
the relative price of natural gas as compared to coal and prevailing power prices are the primary driver of coal demand. coal commodity prices decreased slightly in 2023.
electricity prices - the price of electricity is a key determinant of the profitability of the company. many variables such as the price of different fuels, weather, load growth and unit availability all coalesce to impact the final price for electricity and the company's profitability. an increase in supply cost volatility in the competitive retail markets may result in smaller companies choosing to exit the market, which may result in further consolidation in the competitive retail space. the following table summarizes average on-peak power prices for each of the major markets in which nrg operates. for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022, texas, east and west average on-peak power prices decreased as a result of lower natural gas prices.
average on-peak power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31,                        2023 vs 2022
region                                  2023                            2022                            change %
texas ercot - houston(a)               $74.32                          $90.62                              (18)      %
ercot - north(a)                  72.89                           78.34                               (7)      %
east ny j/nyc(b)                       38.95                           93.58                              (58)      %
nepool(b)                         41.36                           92.42                              (55)      %
comed (pjm)(b)                    32.72                           71.86                              (54)      %
pjm west hub(b)                   39.34                           83.48                              (53)      %
west caiso - sp15(b)                   60.17                           87.67                              (31)      %
miso - louisiana hub(b)           33.64                           71.12                              (53)      %
(a)average on-peak power prices based on real time settlement prices as published by the respective isos
(b)average on-peak power prices based on day-ahead settlement prices as published by the respective isos increased awareness of, and action to combat, climate change -diverse groups of stakeholders, including investors, asset managers, financial institutions, non-government organizations, industry coalitions, individual companies, consumer groups and academic institutions, are increasingly engaged in efforts to limit global warming in the post-industrial era to 1.5 degrees celsius. as a result, policymakers and regulators at regional, national, sub-national and local levels of government, both in the u.s. and other parts of the world, are increasingly focused on actions to combat climate change.
nrg actively monitors climate change related developments that could impact its business and regularly engages with a diverse set of stakeholders on these issues. such engagement helps the company identify and pursue potential opportunities both to decarbonize its business and better serve its customers. nrg is committed to providing transparent disclosures of its climate risks and opportunities to stakeholders. the company was an early supporter of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures ("tcfd") recommendations after they were issued in 2017, published a tcfd mapping disclosure in december 2020 and issued a stand-alone tcfd report in december 2021.
lower carbon infrastructure development - policy mechanisms at the state and federal level, including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, rps, and carbon trading plans, have supported and continue to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other lower carbon infrastructure technologies. the u.s. inflation reduction act, signed into law in august 2022, is intended to further support the deployment of lower carbon energy technologies. as costs associated with the development of lower carbon infrastructure, such as wind and solar generating facilities, continue to evolve and impact the development of lower carbon infrastructure in the markets where the company participates, it may impact the ability of the company's generating facilities to participate in those markets. according to ercot, 41% of 2023 energy consumption in the ercot market was generated from carbon emission-free resources, with wind power contributing 24%. in addition, as subsidies and incentives contribute to increases in renewable power sources, customer awareness and preferences are shifting toward sustainable solutions. increased demand for sustainable energy products from both residential and commercial customers creates opportunities for diversified product offerings in competitive retail markets.
digitization and customization - the electric industry is experiencing major technological changes in the way power is distributed and consumed by end-use customers. the electric grid is shifting from a centralized analog system, where power is generated from limited sources and flows in one direction, to a decentralized multidirectional system, where power can be generated from a number of distributed resources and stored or dispatched on an as-needed basis. in addition, customers are seeking new ways to engage with their power providers. technologies like smart thermostats, smart appliances and electric vehicles are giving individuals more choice and control over their electricity usage. power providers are starting to engage with customers who have transitioned to smart homes with new offerings, including but not limited to behind-the-meter demand response, or virtual power plant products. companies with large customer bases in competitive market places are poised to create further engagement with their customer bases and help their customers further integrate their smart home into their daily lives.
weather - weather conditions in the regions of the u.s. in which nrg conducts business influence the company's financial results. weather conditions can affect the supply and demand for electricity and fuels and may also impact the availability of the company's generating assets. changes in energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in both the spot and forward markets, which may affect the company's results in any given period. typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and the winter seasons, when temperatures and resultant demand are more extreme. the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. however, all regions of the u.s. typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the same time, thus nrg's operations are typically not exposed to the effects of extreme weather in all parts of its business at once.
other factors - a number of other factors significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for nrg's business. these factors include:
•seasonal, daily and hourly changes in demand;
•extreme peak demands;
•performance of renewable generation;
•available supply resources;
•transportation and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions;
•location of nrg's generating facilities relative to the location of its load-serving opportunities;
•procedures used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during extreme conditions; and
•changes in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations.
these factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in different ways and to different degrees. these effects may vary throughout the country as a result of regional differences in:
•weather conditions;
•market liquidity;
•capability and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems;
•local transportation systems; and
•the nature and extent of electricity deregulation.
environmental matters, regulatory matters and legal proceedings - details of environmental matters are presented in item 15 - note 25, environmental matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, environmental matters. details of regulatory matters are presented in item 15 - note 24, regulatory matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1 - business, regulatory matters. details of legal proceedings are presented in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements. some of this information relates to costs that may be material to the company's financial results.
significant events the following significant events occurred during 2023 and through the filing date, as further described within this management's discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements:
vivint smart home acquisition and related financings on march 10, 2023, the company completed the acquisition of vivint smart home. the company paid $12 per share, or $2.6 billion in cash. see item 15 - note 4, acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
on march 9, 2023, the company issued 650,000 shares of 10.25% series a fixed-rate reset cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock. the proceeds, net of issuance costs, of $635 million were used to partially fund the vivint smart home acquisition.
on march 9, 2023, the company issued $740 million of aggregate principal amount of 7.000% senior secured first lien notes due 2033. the net proceeds of $724 million, net of issuance costs, were used to partially fund the vivint smart home acquisition.
dispositions on november 1, 2023, the company closed on the previously announced sale of its 44% equity interest in stp to constellation. proceeds of $1.75 billion were reduced by working capital and other adjustments of $96 million, resulting in net proceeds of $1.654 billion.
on october 2, 2023, the company closed on the sale of its 100% ownership in the gregory natural gas generating facility in texas for $102 million.
on january 6, 2023, nrg closed on the sale of land and related assets from the astoria site, within the east region of operations, for proceeds of $212 million subject to transaction fees of $3 million and certain indemnifications. nrg recognized a gain on the sale of $199 million. as part of the transaction, nrg entered into an agreement to lease the land back for the purpose of operating the astoria gas turbines. decommissioning was completed in december 2023 and the lease agreement has been terminated.
operations in may 2022, w.a. parish unit 8 came offline as a result of damage to the steam turbine/generator. the extended forced outage ended in september 2023 and the unit has returned to service.
during the second quarter of 2022, the company announced the planned retirement of the joliet generating facility in 2023. on september 1, 2023, the joliet generating facility fully retired.
the company's strategy is to procure mid to long-term renewable generation through power purchase agreements. as of december 31, 2023, nrg has entered into renewable ppas totaling approximately 1.9 gw with third-party project developers and other counterparties, of which approximately 1.1 gw are operational. the average tenor of these agreements is eleven years. the company expects to continue evaluating and executing similar agreements that support the needs of the business. the total gw entered into through renewable ppas may be impacted by contract terminations when they occur.
capital allocation in june 2023, nrg revised its long-term capital allocation policy to target allocating approximately 80% of cash available for allocation after debt reduction to be returned to shareholders. as part of the revised capital allocation framework, the company announced an increase to its share repurchase authorization to $2.7 billion, to be executed through 2025.
on november 6, 2023, the company executed accelerated share repurchase agreements to repurchase a total of $950 million of nrg's outstanding common stock. under the asr, the company paid a total of $950 million and will receive shares of nrg's common stock on specified settlement dates.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company completed $1.2 billion of share repurchases, including the $950 million asr and $200 million of open market repurchases, under the $2.7 billion authorization. see item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
in the first quarter of 2023, nrg increased the annual dividend on its common stock to $1.51 from $1.40 per share, representing an 8% increase from 2022. beginning in the first quarter of 2024, nrg increased the annual dividend by 8% to $1.63 per share. the company expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
during 2023, the company reduced its debt by $900 million using funds from cash from operations. additionally, the company redeemed $620 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.875% senior notes, due 2032, for $502 million using a portion of the proceeds from the sale of stp.
the company intends to spend approximately $500 million reducing debt during 2024 to maintain its targeted credit metrics. the company intends to fund the debt reduction from cash from operations.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                              2023                            2022                      change revenue retail revenue                                                                     $27,467                         $29,722                    $(2,255)
energy revenue(a)                                                                      553                           1,250                       (697)
capacity revenue(a)                                                                    197                             272                        (75)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                         144                            (83)                         227
contract amortization                                                                 (32)                            (39)                           7
other revenues(a)(b)                                                                   494                             421                          73
total revenue                                                                       28,823                          31,543                     (2,720)
operating costs and expenses cost of fuel                                                                           992                           1,919                         927
purchased energy and other cost of sales(c)                                         20,647                          24,984                       4,337
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                       3,007                         (1,331)                     (4,338)
contract and emissions credit amortization(c)                                           93                             111                          18
operations and maintenance                                                           1,397                           1,352                        (45)
other cost of operations                                                               390                             411                          21
cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below)            26,526                          27,446                         920
depreciation and amortization                                                        1,127                             634                       (493)
impairment losses                                                                       26                             206                         180
selling, general and administrative costs                                            1,968                           1,228                       (740)
provision for credit losses                                                            251                              11                       (240)
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs                                  119                              52                        (67)
total operating costs and expenses                                                  30,017                          29,577                       (440)
gain on sale of assets                                                               1,578                              52                       1,526
operating income                                                                       384                           2,018                     (1,634)
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                         16                               6                          10
impairment losses on investments                                                     (102)                               -                       (102)
other income, net                                                                       47                              56                         (9)
gain on debt extinguishment                                                            109                               -                         109
interest expense                                                                     (667)                           (417)                       (250)
total other expenses                                                                 (597)                           (355)                       (242)
(loss)/income before income taxes                                                    (213)                           1,663                     (1,876)
income tax (benefit)/expense                                                          (11)                             442                       (453)
net (loss)/income                                                                   $(202)                          $1,221                    $(1,423)
(a)includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions
(b)includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(c)includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi credits gross margin the company calculates gross margin in order to evaluate operating performance as revenues less cost of fuel, purchased energy and other costs of sales, mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, contract and emission credit amortization and depreciation and amortization.
economic gross margin in addition to gross margin, the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. economic gross margin should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for the company's presentation of gross margin, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. economic gross margin is not intended to represent gross margin. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of retail revenue, energy revenue, capacity revenue and other revenue, less cost of fuels, purchased energy and other cost of sales. economic gross margin does not include mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization, emission credit amortization, depreciation and amortization, operations and maintenance, or other costs of operations.
the following tables present the composition and reconciliation of gross margin and economic gross margin for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022:
year ended december 31, 2023
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                     texas                                  east                          west/services/other                                                             vivint smart home                          corporate/eliminations                      total retail revenue                                                      $10,030                               $11,946                                    $3,943                                                                         $1,549                                          $(1)                          $27,467
energy revenue                                                           77                                   291                                       185                                                                              -                                             -                              553
capacity revenue                                                          -                                   197                                         2                                                                              -                                           (2)                              197
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                            -                                    57                                       103                                                                              -                                          (16)                              144
contract amortization                                                     -                                  (32)                                         -                                                                              -                                             -                             (32)
other revenue(a)                                                        369                                    88                                        48                                                                              -                                          (11)                              494
total revenue                                                        10,476                                12,547                                     4,281                                                                          1,549                                          (30)                           28,823
cost of fuel                                                          (760)                                 (112)                                     (120)                                                                              -                                             -                            (992)
purchased energy and other costs of sales(b)(c)(d)                  (6,288)                              (10,683)                                   (3,532)                                                                          (153)                                             9                         (20,647)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                          315                               (2,471)                                     (867)                                                                              -                                            16                          (3,007)
contract and emissions credit amortization                             (11)                                  (68)                                      (14)                                                                              -                                             -                             (93)
depreciation and amortization                                         (294)                                 (116)                                      (95)                                                                          (586)                                          (36)                          (1,127)
gross margin                                                         $3,438                                $(903)                                    $(347)                                                                           $810                                         $(41)                           $2,957
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net               315                               (2,414)                                     (764)                                                                              -                                             -                          (2,863)
less: contract and emissions credit amortization, net                  (11)                                 (100)                                      (14)                                                                              -                                             -                            (125)
less: depreciation and amortization                                   (294)                                 (116)                                      (95)                                                                          (586)                                          (36)                          (1,127)
economic gross margin                                                $3,428                                $1,727                                      $526                                                                         $1,396                                          $(5)                           $7,072
(a)includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(b)includes capacity and emissions credits
(c)includes $3.1 billion, $244 million and $1.1 billion of tdsp expense in texas, east, and west/services/other respectively
(d)excludes depreciation and amortization shown separately year ended december 31, 2023
business metrics                                                     texas                                       east                       west/services/other                                                    vivint smart home                       corporate/eliminations             total home electricity sales volume (gwh)                                  40,032                               12,838                                 2,243                                                                     -                                          -                  55,113
business electricity sales volume (gwh)                              40,250                               46,438                                10,393                                                                     -                                          -                  97,081
home natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                         -                                    49,990                                75,150                                                                     -                                          -                 125,140
business natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                     -                                 1,587,052                               179,888                                                                     -                                          -               1,766,940
average retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                 2,878                                 1,856                                   774                                                                     -                                          -                   5,508
ending retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)                  2,928                                 2,137                                   762                                                                     -                                          -                   5,827
average vivint smart home subscriber count (in thousands)(b)         -                                         -                                     -                                                                 2,008                                          -                   2,008
ending vivint smart home subscriber count (in thousands)(b)          -                                         -                                     -                                                                 2,043                                          -                   2,043
gwh sold                                                             30,776                                5,396                                 5,903                                                                     -                                          -                  42,075
gwh generated (c)                                                    30,776                                2,016                                 5,903                                                                     -                                          -                  38,695
(a)home customer count includes recurring residential customers, services customers and community choice.
(b)vivint smart home subscribers includes customers that also purchase other nrg products
(c) includes owned and leased generation, excludes tolled generation and equity investments year ended december 31, 2022
($ in millions, except otherwise noted)                                        texas                                      east                             west/services/other                                                                       corporate/eliminations                      total retail revenue                                                         $9,617                                   $15,856                                        $4,250                                                                                        $(1)                          $29,722
energy revenue                                                            111                                       641                                           466                                                                                          32                            1,250
capacity revenue                                                            -                                       232                                            40                                                                                           -                              272
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                              2                                      (30)                                          (56)                                                                                           1                             (83)
contract amortization                                                       -                                      (40)                                             1                                                                                           -                             (39)
other revenue(a)                                                          327                                       104                                             5                                                                                        (15)                              421
total revenue                                                          10,057                                    16,763                                         4,706                                                                                          17                           31,543
cost of fuel                                                          (1,213)                                     (376)                                         (330)                                                                                           -                          (1,919)
purchased energy and other costs of sales(b)(c)(d)                    (6,379)                                  (14,782)                                       (3,804)                                                                                        (19)                         (24,984)
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                            611                                       218                                           503                                                                                         (1)                            1,331
contract and emissions credit amortization                                  -                                      (91)                                          (20)                                                                                           -                            (111)
depreciation and amortization                                           (310)                                     (208)                                          (85)                                                                                        (31)                            (634)
gross margin                                                           $2,766                                    $1,524                                          $970                                                                                       $(34)                           $5,226
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net                 613                                       188                                           447                                                                                           -                            1,248
less: contract and emissions credit amortization, net                       -                                     (131)                                          (19)                                                                                           -                            (150)
less: depreciation and amortization                                     (310)                                     (208)                                          (85)                                                                                        (31)                            (634)
economic gross margin                                                  $2,463                                    $1,675                                          $627                                                                                        $(3)                           $4,762
(a)includes trading gains and losses and ancillary revenues
(b)includes capacity and emissions credits
(c)includes $3.0 billion, $120 million and $1.1 billion of tdsp expense in texas, east, and west/services/other respectively
(d)excludes depreciation and amortization shown separately year ended december 31, 2022
business metrics                                            texas                                            east                          west/services/other                                                              corporate/eliminations             total home electricity sales volume (gwh)                         43,155                                   13,269                                     2,250                                                                                  -                  58,674
business electricity sales volume (gwh)                     38,447                                   47,724                                    10,231                                                                                  -                  96,402
home natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)                -                                        53,051                                    92,035                                                                                  -                 145,086
business natural gas retail sales volumes (mdth)            -                                     1,618,946                                   154,074                                                                                  -               1,773,020
average retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)        2,961                                     1,783                                       799                                                                                  -                   5,543
ending retail home customer count (in thousands)(a)         2,859                                     1,761                                       786                                                                                  -                   5,406
gwh sold                                                    37,275                                   10,832                                     6,676                                                                                  -                  54,783
gwh generated(b)                                            37,275                                    7,282                                     6,676                                                                                  -                  51,233
(a)home customer count includes recurring residential customers, services customers and community choice
(b)includes owned and leased generation, excludes tolled generation and equity investments the following table represents the weather metrics for 2023 and 2022:
year ended                                                                      quarter ended            quarter ended september 30,                                                                                                                        quarter ended                                                                        quarter ended december 31,                                                                       december 31,                                                                                                                                                                    june 30,                                                                            march 31, weather metrics               texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)                texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)            texas                          east                    west/services/other(a)                  texas                 east                 west/services/other(a)                  texas                   east                 west/services/other(a)
2023
cdds(b)                   3,468                  1,229                            2,024                        285                     85                              158                      2,039                       817                               1,291                          978                  273                              502                          166                     54                               73
hdds(b)                   1,469                  4,139                            2,105                        613                  1,520                              688                      -                            48                                   4                           57                  479                              254                          799                  2,092                            1,159
2022
cdds                      3,417                  1,340                            2,133                        277                     72                              160                      1,789                       874                               1,268                        1,283                  352                              674                           68                     42                               31
hdds                      1,935                  4,627                            2,232                        734                  1,683                              884                      -                            54                                   3                           24                  486                              194                        1,177                  2,404                            1,151
10-year average cdds                      3,051                  1,311                            1,939                        290                     91                              163                      1,673                       824                               1,173                          986                  356                              557                          102                     40                               46
hdds                      1,715                  4,766                            2,064                        665                  1,642                              774                            5                      52                                   9                           67                  547                              188                          978                  2,525                            1,093
(a)the west/services/other weather metrics are comprised of the average of the cdd and hdd regional results for the west - california and west - south central regions
(b)national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day ("cdd"), represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day ("hdd"), represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period gross margin and economic gross margin gross margin decreased $2.3 billion and economic gross margin increased $2.3 billion, both of which include intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022. the detail by segment is as follows:
texas
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to the net effect of: •a 15%, or $548 million, decrease in cost to serve the retail load, primarily driven by lower supply costs which were a result of lower realized power pricing, the diversified supply strategy and improved plant performance coupled with the 2022 impact of the w.a. parish unit 8 extended outage that began in may 2022, net of business interruption insurance proceeds; and•increased net revenue rates of $5.45 per mwh, or $523 million, partially offset by changes in customer term, product and mix of $61 million             $1,010
lower gross margin due to a decrease in load of 1.5 twhs from weather                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (58)
higher gross margin from market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      33
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (20)
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $965
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (298)
increase in contract and emissions credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (11)
decrease in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    16
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $672
east
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to a decrease in generation and capacity as a result of asset retirements                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $(116)
lower natural gas gross margin including the impact of transportation and storage contract optimization, reflects lower net revenue rates from changes in customer term, product and mix of $2.35 per dth, or $3.86 billion, partially offset by lower supply costs of $2.30 per dth, or $3.78 billion                (82)
lower gross margin from the sales of nox emissions credits                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (24)
lower natural gas gross margin from a decrease in load of 6.9 mmdth due to weather and changes in customer mix                                                                                                                                                                                                        (16)
lower electric gross margin from a decrease in load of 686 gwhs primarily due to weather                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (16)
higher electric gross margin due to higher net revenue rates as a result of changes in customer term, product and mix of $2.50 per mwh, or $155 million, as well as lower supply costs of $1.50 per mwh, or $86 million driven primarily by decreases in power prices                                                  241
higher gross margin due to an increase in average realized pricing and a decrease in supply costs at midwest generation, offset by lower gross margin as a result of a 74% decrease in generation volumes due to dark spread contractions                                                                               56
higher gross margin primarily due to net capacity performance penalties resulting from winter storm elliott in 2022 and an increase in nyiso capacity pricing, partially offset by a decrease in pjm capacity prices                                                                                                    16
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (7)
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $52
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                          (2,602)
decrease in contract amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       31
decrease in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               92
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $(2,427)
west/services/other
(in millions)
lower gross margin at cottonwood driven by lower average realized power prices, planned outages in 2023 and capacity performance bonus resulting from pjm winter storm elliott in 2022                                                 $(76)
lower gross margin primarily due to lower services sales                                                                                                                                                                                (51)
lower electric gross margin due to an increase in supply costs of $6.50 per mwh, or $82 million, partially offset by higher revenue rates of $5.25 per mwh, or $64 million, and changes in customer mix of $2 million                   (16)
higher gross margin from market optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                   28
higher natural gas gross margin due to a decrease in supply costs of $0.90 per dth, or $228 million, and changes in customer mix of $4 million, partially offset by lower revenue rates of $0.85 per dth, or $218 million                 14
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                     $(101)
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedges primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                             (1,211)
decrease in contract amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                          5
increase in depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                               (10)
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                            $(1,317)
vivint smart home(a)
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of vivint smart home             $1,396
increase in economic gross margin                                $1,396
increase in depreciation and amortization                         (586)
increase in gross margin                                           $810
(a) includes results of operations following the acquisition date of march 10, 2023
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results decreased by $4.1 billion during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in revenues and operating costs and expenses by segment is as follows:
year ended december 31, 2023
(in millions)                                                                                                     texas                                  east               west/services/other                    eliminations                               total mark-to-market results in revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges       $-                                $(25)                   $56                                    $(12)                                    $19
reversal of acquired (gain) positions related to economic hedges                                                  -                                   (2)                   -                                      -                                        (2)
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                                 -                                    84       47                                                 (4)                                      127
total mark-to-market gains in revenues                                                                            $-                                  $57                   $103                                   $(16)                                   $144
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges              $(473)                           $(812)                   $(480)                                 $12                                 $(1,753)
reversal of acquired loss/(gain) positions related to economic hedges                                             17                                   11                   (6)                                    -                                         22
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                        771                             (1,670)                   (381)                      4                                                (1,276)
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating costs and expenses                                               $315                           $(2,471)                   $(867)                                 $16                                 $(3,007)
year ended december 31, 2022
(in millions)                                                                                                     texas                       east                        west/services/other                    eliminations                               total mark-to-market results in revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses/(gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges       $2                          $(5)                        $40                                    $(8)                                     $29
reversal of acquired (gain) positions related to economic hedges                                                  -                           (3)                         -                                      -                                        (3)
net unrealized (losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                              -                           (22)                        (96)                       9                                                  (109)
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in revenues                                                                   $2                          $(30)                       $(56)                                  $1                                     $(83)
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges              $(366)                      $(738)                      $(165)                                 $8                                  $(1,261)
reversal of acquired loss/(gain) positions related to economic hedges                                             29                          (5)                         (19)                                   -                    5
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                                 948             961                         687                                                (9)                                    2,587
total mark-to-market gains in operating costs and expenses                                                        $611                        $218                        $503                                   $(1)                                  $1,331
mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses on contracts that are yet to be settled. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same revenue or cost caption as the items being hedged.
the reversals of acquired gain or loss positions were valued based upon the forward prices on the acquisition date.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, the $144 million gain in revenues from economic hedge positions was driven by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in power prices. the $3.0 billion loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period, as well as a decrease in the value of east and west/other open positions as a result of decreases in natural gas and power prices. this was partially offset by an increase in the value of texas open positions as a result of increases in ercot power prices.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, the $83 million loss in revenues from economic hedge positions was driven by a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of increases in power prices across all segments, partially offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period. the $1.3 billion gain in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of increases in natural gas and power prices across all segments partially offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in revenue. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                         2023   2022
trading gains/(losses)
realized                          $11                            $6
unrealized                         38                           (4)
total trading gains               $49                            $2
operations and maintenance expenses operations and maintenance expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other   vivint smart home(a)                corporate         eliminations                 total year ended december 31, 2023           $624                   $345                           $245            $187                                $-                $(4)                    $1,397
year ended december 31, 2022            749       391                                         214            -                          1                          (3)                      1,352
(a) includes results of operations following the acquisition date of march 10, 2023
operations and maintenance expenses increased by $45 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of vivint smart home                                                                                                                                                                                                   $187
increase in retail operation personnel costs primarily driven by an increase in accruals as part of the company's annual incentive plan reflecting financial outperformance for the year                                                                        48
increase in major maintenance expenditures associated with the scope and duration of outages at the texas gas facilities and cottonwood, partially offset by the texas coal facilities (excluding w.a. parish unit 8 included below)                     21
decrease due to the current year partial property insurance claim for the extended outage at w.a. parish unit 8, as well as restoration expenses incurred in 2022, partially offset by the prior year limestone property insurance claim              (124)
decrease driven by the disposition of stp and gregory in 2023                                                                                                                                                                                          (28)
decrease in variable operation and maintenance expense due to a reduction in pjm generation volumes in 2023                                                                                                                                            (26)
decrease due to change in estimates of environmental remediation costs at deactivated sites in the east in 2022                                                                                                                                        (23)
decrease driven primarily by east asset retirements, partially offset by an increase in deactivation costs in the west                                                                                                                                  (8)
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (2)
increase in operations and maintenance expense                                                                                                                                                                                                          $45
other cost of operations other cost of operations are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other   vivint smart home(a)                      total year ended december 31, 2023           $243                   $131                            $13            $3                                     $390
year ended december 31, 2022            246       149                                          16            -                          411
(a) includes results of operations following the acquisition date of march 10, 2023
other cost of operations decreased by $21 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease due to changes in current year aro cost estimates, primarily at jewett mine                                    $(28)
decrease in retail gross receipt taxes due to lower revenue in the east offset by higher revenues in texas               (10)
decrease driven by the disposition of stp and gregory in 2023                                                             (5)
increase due to higher property insurance premiums                                                                         18
other                                                                                                                       4
decrease in other cost of operations                                                                                    $(21)
55
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                   east                 west/services/other   vivint smart home(a)                      corporate                    total year ended december 31, 2023           $294                   $116                            $95            $586                                      $36                     $1,127
year ended december 31, 2022            310       208                                          85            -                          31                                        634
(a) includes results of operations following the acquisition date of march 10, 2023
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $493 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to higher amortization of intangible assets due to the acquisition of vivint smart home in march 2023, partially offset by lower depreciation at midwest generation as a result of asset impairments and retirements in 2022.
impairment losses during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company recorded impairment losses related to property plant and equipment and leases of $2 million, $4 million and $20 million in the texas, east and west/services/other segments, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, the company recorded impairment losses of $206 million, of which $150 million were related to the decline in pjm capacity prices and the near-term retirement date of the joliet facility, $43 million related to the purchase and sale agreement for the sale of the land and related assets at the astoria generating site and the planned withdrawal and cancellation of its proposed astoria redevelopment project, and an additional $13 million in the east segment.
refer to item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
selling, general and administrative costs selling, general and administrative costs are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                                      texas                   east                 west/services/other   vivint smart home(a)                    corporate/ eliminations           total year ended december 31, 2023                    $637                   $573                           $202            $499                                              $57                $1,968
year ended december 31, 2022        559                                 428                            202            -                          39                                         1,228
(a) includes results of operations following the acquisition date of march 10, 2023
selling, general and administrative costs increased by $740 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of vivint smart home                                                                                                                                 $499
increase in personnel costs primarily driven by an increase in accruals as part of the company's annual incentive plan reflecting financial outperformance for the year               140
increase in broker fee and commissions expenses                                                                                                                                        49
increase in marketing and media expenses                                                                                                                                               28
increase in consulting and legal expenses                                                                                                                                              17
other                                                                                                                                                                                   7
increase in selling, general and administrative costs                                                                                                                                $740
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses are comprised of the following:
(in millions)                             texas                 east                 west/services/other   vivint smart home(a)                      total year ended december 31, 2023           $159                  $28                            $30            $34                                    $251
year ended december 31, 2022           (40)       28                                         23            -                          11
(a) includes results of operations following the acquisition date of march 10, 2023
provision for credit losses increased by $240 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to winter storm uri loss mitigation recognized as income in 2022                                                                                                           $126
increase due to higher home retail revenues, deteriorated customer payment behavior and the longer duration of the texas disconnect moratorium in 2023 as compared to 2022                80
increase due to the acquisition of vivint smart home                                                                                                                                      34
increase in provision for credit losses                                                                                                                                                 $240
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs acquisition-related transaction and integration costs were $119 million and $52 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, include:
as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                             2023                          2022
vivint smart home acquisition costs                                   $38                           $17
vivint smart home integration costs                                    52                             -
other integration costs, primarily related to direct energy            29                            35
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs                $119                           $52
gain on sale of assets the gain on sale of assets of $1.6 billion and $52 million recorded for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, include:
as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                       2023                          2022
sale of the company's 44% equity interest in stp                                             $1,236                            $-
sale of astoria land and related assets                                                         199                             -
sale of the company's 100% ownership in the gregory natural gas generating facility              82                             -
sale of the company's 49% ownership in the watson natural gas generating facility                 -                            46
sale of land and structures at the company's deactivated norwalk harbor, llc site                38                             -
sale of the company's 50% ownership in petra nova                                                 -                            22
sale of land at the company's indian river power, llc site                                       19                             -
other asset sales                                                                                 4                          (16)
gain on sale of assets                                                                       $1,578                           $52
impairment losses on investments during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses of $102 million on the company's equity method investment in gladstone generation facility in queensland, australia, as further described in item 15 - note 11, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
gain on debt extinguishment a gain on debt extinguishment of $109 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2023, driven by a partial redemption of the 3.875% senior notes, due 2032, as further discussed in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements.
interest expense interest expense increased by $250 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to the vivint smart home acquisition including the impact of newly issued senior secured first lien notes, the acquired debt of vivint smart home, the borrowings on the revolving credit facility and the receivables securitization facilities, as well as the write-off of the deferred financing costs associated with the cancellation of the bridge facility.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2023, nrg recorded an income tax benefit of $11 million on a pre-tax loss of $213 million. for the same period in 2022, nrg recorded income tax expense of $442 million on pre-tax income of $1.7 billion. the effective tax rate was 5.2% and 26.6% for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, nrg's overall effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory tax rate of 21%, primarily due to permanent differences and changes in state valuation allowances.
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except effective income tax rate)                 2023                            2022
(loss)/income before income taxes                        $(213)                          $1,663
tax at federal statutory tax rate                          (45)                             349
state taxes                                                (22)                              69
foreign rate differential                                  (10)                               7
changes in state valuation allowances                        42                             (3)
permanent differences                                        31                              17
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                        12                               8
deferred impact of state tax rate changes                     3                              14
foreign tax refunds                                        (17)                               -
return to provision adjustments                             (5)                               -
carbon capture tax credits                                    -                            (19)
income tax (benefit)/expense                              $(11)                            $442
effective income tax rate                                   5.2    %                       26.6    %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740, income taxes ("asc 740"). these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity position as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, nrg's liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, was approximately $4.8 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, comprised of the following:
as of december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                                2023                            2022
cash and cash equivalents                                                                               $541                            $430
restricted cash - operating                                                                               21                               5
restricted cash - reserves (a)                                                                             3                              35
total                                                                                                    565                             470
total availability under revolving credit facility and collective collateral facilities(b)             4,278                           2,324
total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties                               $4,843                          $2,794
(a)includes reserves primarily for debt service, performance obligations and capital expenditures
(b)total capacity of revolving credit facility and collective collateral facilities was $7.4 billion and $6.4 billion as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively as of december 31, 2023, total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, increased by $2.0 billion. changes in cash and cash equivalent balances are further discussed under the heading cash flow discussion. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2023, were predominantly held in bank deposits.
management believes that the company's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance operating and maintenance capital expenditures, to fund dividends, and to fund other liquidity commitments in the short and long-term. management continues to regularly monitor the company's ability to finance the needs of its operating, financing and investing activity within the dictates of prudent balance sheet management.
the consolidated statement of cash flows includes certain draws from, and payments to, the revolving credit facility and other credit facilities which are not eligible for net reporting. these transactions are for short term liquidity purposes.
credit ratings on march 1, 2023, following the vivint smart home acquisition financing launch, standard and poor's downgraded the company's issuer credit to bb with a stable outlook from bb+. there was no change to moody's and fitch ratings at the time.
the following table summarizes the company's current credit ratings:
s&amp;p   moody's           fitch nrg energy, inc.         bb stable   ba1 stable        bb+ stable
3.75% senior secured notes, due 2024              bbb-   baa3              bbb-
2.00% senior secured notes, due 2025              bbb-   baa3              bbb-
2.45% senior secured notes, due 2027              bbb-   baa3              bbb-
6.625% senior notes, due 2027                bb   ba2               bb+
6.75% vivint smart home senior secured notes, due 2027                bb   ba2               n/a
5.75% senior notes, due 2028                bb   ba2               bb+
3.375% senior notes, due 2029                bb   ba2               bb+
4.45% senior secured notes, due 2029              bbb-   baa3              bbb-
5.25% senior notes, due 2029                bb   ba2               bb+
5.75% vivint smart home senior notes, due 2029                 b   ba3               n/a
3.625% senior notes, due 2031                bb   ba2               bb+
3.875% senior notes, due 2032                bb   ba2               bb+
7.00% senior secured notes, due 2033              bbb-   baa3              bbb-
revolving credit facility, due 2028              bbb-   baa3              bbb-
vivint smart home senior secured term loan, due 2028                bb   ba2               n/a liquidity the principal sources of liquidity for nrg's operating and capital expenditures are expected to be derived from cash on hand, cash flows from operations and financing arrangements. as described in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements, the company's financing arrangements consist mainly of the senior notes, convertible senior notes, senior secured first lien notes, revolving credit facility, the receivables securitization facilities and tax-exempt bonds. the company also issues letters of credit through bilateral letter of credit facilities and the p-caps letter of credit facility. as part of the acquisition of vivint smart home on march 10, 2023, nrg acquired vivint smart home's existing debt, which includes senior secured notes, senior notes and a senior secured term-loan.
the company's requirements for liquidity and capital resources, other than for operating its facilities, can generally be categorized by the following: (i) market operations activities; (ii) debt service obligations, as described more fully in item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases, to the consolidated financial statements; (iii) capital expenditures, including maintenance, environmental, and investments and integration; and (iv) allocations in connection with acquisition opportunities, debt repayments, share repurchases and dividend payments to stockholders, as described in item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements.
the company remains committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and continues to work to achieve investment grade credit metrics over time primarily through debt reduction and the realization of growth initiatives.
sale of the 44% equity interest in stp on november 1, 2023, the company closed on the sale of its 44% equity interest in stp to constellation. proceeds of $1.75 billion were reduced by working capital and other adjustments of $96 million, resulting in net proceeds of $1.654 billion.
sale of gregory on october 2, 2023, the company closed on the sale of its 100% ownership in the gregory natural gas generating facility in texas for $102 million.
debt reduction during 2023, the company reduced its debt by $900 million using funds from cash from operations. additionally, the company redeemed $620 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.875% senior notes, due 2032, for $502 million using a portion of the proceeds from the sale of stp.
the company intends to spend approximately $500 million reducing debt during 2024 to maintain its targeted credit metrics. the company intends to fund the debt reduction from cash from operations.
vivint smart home acquisition on march 10, 2023, the company completed the acquisition of vivint smart home. the company paid $12 per share, or $2.6 billion in cash. the company funded the acquisition using a combination of $740 million in newly-issued secured corporate debt, $650 million in newly-issued preferred stock, $900 million drawn from its revolving credit facility and receivables facilities, and cash on hand.
issuance of 2033 senior notes on march 9, 2023, the company issued $740 million of aggregate principal amount of 7.000% senior notes due 2033. the 2033 senior notes are senior secured obligations of nrg and are guaranteed by certain of its subsidiaries. interest is paid semi-annually beginning on september 15, 2023 until the maturity date of march 15, 2033. for further discussion, see note 13, long-term debt and finance leases.
series a preferred stock on march 9, 2023, the company issued 650,000 shares of 10.25% series a fixed-rate reset cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock. for further discussion, see note 16, capital structure.
revolving credit facility on february 14, 2023, the company amended its revolving credit facility to: (i) increase the existing revolving commitments thereunder by $600 million, (ii) extend the maturity date of a portion of the revolving commitments thereunder to february 14, 2028, (iii) transition the benchmark rate applicable to revolving loans from libor to sofr and (iv) make certain other amendments to the terms of the revolving credit facility for purposes of, among other things, providing additional flexibility.
on march 13, 2023, the company further amended its revolving credit facility to increase the existing revolving commitments by an additional $45 million. as of december 31, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings and there were $883 million in letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility.
receivables securitization facilities on june 22, 2023, nrg receivables amended its existing receivables facility to, among other things, (i) extend the scheduled termination date to june 21, 2024, (ii) increase the aggregate commitments from $1.0 billion to $1.4 billion (adjusted seasonally) and (iii) add a new originator. on october 6, 2023, the receivables facility was further amended to replace the benchmark interest rate of the receivable facility's subordinated note from libor to sofr. as of december 31, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings and there were $1.0 billion in letters of credit issued.
in addition, in connection with the amendments to the receivables facility, on june 22, 2023, the company and the originators thereunder renewed the existing uncommitted repurchase facility that provides short-term financing secured by a subordinated note issued by nrg receivables llc. such renewal, among other things, extends the maturity date to june 21, 2024 and joins an additional originator to the repurchase facility. on october 6, 2023, the repurchase facility was further amended to reflect the concurrent amendment to the receivables facility's subordinated note. as of december 31, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings.
bilateral letter of credit facilities on may 19, 2023, may 30, 2023 and october 17, 2023 the company increased the size of its bilateral letter of credit facilities by $25 million, $100 million and $50 million, respectively, to provide additional liquidity, allowing for the issuance of up to $850 million of letters of credit. these facilities are uncommitted. as of december 31, 2023, $671 million was issued under these facilities.
pre-capitalized trust securities facility on august 29, 2023, the company entered into a facility agreement with the trust, in connection with the sale by the trust of $500 million p-caps. the p-caps are to be redeemed by the trust on july 31, 2028 or earlier upon an early redemption of the p-caps secured notes. the p-caps replaced the company's existing pre-capitalized trust securities redeemable 2023 issued by alexander funding trust, which matured on november 15, 2023.
the facility agreements allows for the issuance of the p-caps secured notes by the company to the trust. in addition, the company entered into a lc agreement for the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount not to exceed $485 million.
sale of astoria on january 6, 2023, the company closed on the sale of land and related assets from the astoria site, within the east region of operations, for proceeds of $212 million, subject to transactions fees of $3 million and certain indemnifications. as part of the transaction, nrg entered into an agreement to lease the land back for the purpose of operating the astoria gas turbines. decommissioning was completed in december 2023 and the lease agreement has been terminated.
pension and other postretirement benefit contributions as of december 31, 2023, the company's estimated pension minimum funding requirements for the next 5 years were $142 million, of which $43 million are required to be made within the next 12 months. as of december 31, 2023, the company's estimated other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirements for the next 5 years were $28 million, of which $6 million are required to be made within the next 12 months. these amounts represent estimates based on assumptions that are subject to change. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 15, benefit plans and other postretirement benefits, to the consolidated financial statements.
debt service obligations principal payments on debt and finance leases as of december 31, 2023, are due in the following periods:
(in millions)
description                                                 2024                         2025                  2026                    2027                    2028                 thereafter                    total recourse debt:
senior notes, due 2027                                      $-                          $-                    $-                    $375                      $-                      $-                       $375
senior notes, due 2028                                      -                            -                     -                       -                     821                       -                        821
senior notes, due 2029                                      -                            -                     -                       -                       -                     733                        733
senior notes, due 2029                                      -                            -                     -                       -                       -                     500                        500
senior notes, due 2031                                      -                            -                     -                       -                       -                   1,030                      1,030
senior notes, due 2032                                      -                            -                     -                       -                       -                     480                        480
convertible senior notes, due 2048                          -                            -                     -                       -                       -                     575                        575
senior secured first lien notes, due 2024                   600                          -                     -                       -                       -                       -                        600
senior secured first lien notes, due 2025                   -                          500                     -                       -                       -                       -                        500
senior secured first lien notes, due 2027                   -                            -                     -                     900                       -                       -                        900
senior secured first lien notes, due 2029                   -                            -                     -                       -                       -                     500                        500
senior secured first lien notes, due 2033                   -                                                                                                                        740                        740
tax-exempt bonds                                            -                          247                     -                       -                      59                     160                        466
subtotal recourse debt                                      600                        747                     -                   1,275                     880                   4,718                      8,220
non-recourse debt:
vivint smart home senior secured notes, due 2027            -                            -                     -                     600                       -                       -                        600
vivint smart home senior notes, due 2029                    -                            -                     -                       -                       -                     800                        800
vivint smart home senior secured term loan, due 2028        14                          14                    14                      14                   1,264                       -                      1,320
subtotal vivint smart home non-recourse debt                14                          14                    14                     614                   1,264                     800                      2,720
subtotal debt                                               614                        761                    14                   1,889                   2,144                   5,518                     10,940
finance leases:
finance leases                                              6                            8                     2                       1                       1                       1                         19
total debt and finance leases                               $620                      $769                   $16                  $1,890                  $2,145                  $5,519                    $10,959
interest payments                                           $609                      $595                  $587                    $521                    $403                    $806                     $3,521
for further discussion, see item 15 - note 13, long-term debt and finance leases.
market operations the company's market operations activities require a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources. these liquidity requirements are primarily driven by: (i) margin and collateral posted with counterparties; (ii) margin and collateral required to participate in physical markets and commodity exchanges; (iii) timing of disbursements and receipts (e.g. buying power before receiving retail revenues); and (iv) initial collateral for large structured transactions. as of december 31, 2023, market operations had total cash collateral outstanding of $441 million and $3.1 billion outstanding in letters of credit to third parties primarily to support its market activities. as of december 31, 2023, total funds deposited by counterparties were $84 million in cash and $478 million of letters of credit.
the company has entered into long-term contractual arrangements related to energy purchases, gas transportation and storage, and fuel and transportation services. as of december 31, 2023, the company had minimum payment obligations under such outstanding agreements of $3.4 billion, with $573 million payable within the next 12 months and an additional $978 million of short-term purchase energy commitments. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies.
future liquidity requirements may change based on the company's hedging activities and structures, fuel purchases, and future market conditions, including forward prices for energy and fuel and market volatility. in addition, liquidity requirements are dependent on the company's credit ratings and general perception of its creditworthiness.
first lien structure nrg has the capacity to grant first liens to certain counterparties on a substantial portion of the company's assets, subject to various exclusions including nrg's assets that have project-level financing and the assets of certain non-guarantor subsidiaries, to reduce the amount of cash collateral and letters of credit that it would otherwise be required to post from time to time to support its obligations under out-of-the-money hedge agreements. the first lien program does not limit the volume that can be hedged or the value of underlying out-of-the-money positions. the first lien program also does not require nrg to post collateral above any threshold amount of exposure. the first lien structure is not subject to unwind or termination upon a ratings downgrade of a counterparty and has no stated maturity date.
the company's first lien counterparties may have a claim on its assets to the extent market prices exceed the hedged prices. as of december 31, 2023, all hedges under the first liens were in-the-money on a counterparty aggregate basis.
capital expenditures the following table summarizes the company's capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental and growth investments for the year ended december 31, 2023:
(in millions)                                                                                    maintenance            environmental                       investments and integration                  total texas                                                                                             $455                  $3                                              $37                           $495
east                                                                                                 4                  -                                                 1                              5
west/services/other                                                                                 21                  -                                                 6                             27
vivint smart home(a)                                                                                17                  -                                                 1                             18
corporate                                                                                           19                  -                                                34                             53
total cash capital expenditures for 2023                                                           516         3                                                         79                            598
integration operating expenses and cost to achieve                                                   -                  -                                                81                             81
investments                                                                                          -                  -                                               164                            164
total cash capital expenditures and investments for the year ended december 31, 2023              $516                  $3                                             $324                           $843
(a)includes expenditures following the acquisition date of march 10, 2023
investments and integration for the year ended december 31, 2023, include growth expenditures, integration, small book acquisitions and other investments.
environmental capital expenditures estimate nrg estimates that environmental capital expenditures from 2024 through 2028 required to comply with environmental laws will be approximately $66 million. the largest component is the cost of complying with elg at the company's coal units in texas.
the table below summarizes the status of nrg's coal fleet with respect to air quality controls. nrg uses an integrated approach to fuels, controls and emissions markets to meet environmental requirements.
so2                                                                                                   nox                                               mercury                                              particulate units                      state       control equipment                      install date       control equipment                  install date       control equipment                  install date       control equipment                     install date indian river 4             de          cds                                            2011              lnbofa/scr                     1999/2011              aci/cds/ff                     2008/2011                  esp/ff                        1980/2011
limestone 1-2              tx          fgd                                         1985-86                  lnbofa                     2002/2003                     aci                          2015                     esp                        1985-1986
powerton 5                 il          dsi                                            2016                ofa/sncr                     2003/2012                     aci                          2009             esp/upgrade                        1973/2016
powerton 6                 il          dsi                                            2014                ofa/sncr                     2002/2012                     aci                          2009             esp/upgrade                        1976/2014
w.a. parish 5, 6, 7        tx          ff co-benefit                                  1988                     scr                          2004                     aci                          2015                      ff                             1988
w.a. parish 8              tx          fgd                                            1982                     scr                          2004                     aci                          2015                      ff                             1988
aci - activated carbon injectioncds - circulating dry scrubberdsi - dry sorbent injection with tronaesp - electrostatic precipitatorfgd - flue gas desulfurization (wet)         ff- fabric filterlnbofa - low nox burner with overfire airofa - overfire airscr - selective catalytic reductionsncr - selective non-catalytic reduction the following table summarizes the estimated environmental capital expenditures by year:
(in millions)                     total
2024                            $28
2025                             26
thereafter                       12
total                           $66
share repurchases in june 2023, nrg revised its long-term capital allocation policy to target allocating approximately 80% of cash available for allocation after debt reduction to be returned to shareholders. as part of the revised capital allocation framework, the company announced an increase to its share repurchase authorization to $2.7 billion, to be executed through 2025.
on november 6, 2023, the company executed accelerated share repurchase agreements to repurchase a total of $950 million of nrg's outstanding common stock. under the asr, the company paid a total of $950 million and will receive shares of nrg's common stock on specified settlement dates.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, the company completed $1.2 billion of share repurchases, including the $950 million asr and $200 million of open market repurchases, under the $2.7 billion authorization. see item 15 - note 16, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
dividend increase on common stock in the first quarter of 2023, nrg increased the annual dividend on its common stock to $1.51 from $1.40 per share. the company returned $352 million of capital to shareholders in the year ended 2023 through a $1.51 dividend per common share. in 2024, nrg further increased the annual dividend to $1.63 per share, representing an 8% increase from 2023. the company expects to target an annual dividend growth rate of 7-9% per share in subsequent years.
on january 19, 2024, nrg declared a quarterly dividend on the company's common stock of $0.4075 per share, or $1.63 per share on an annualized basis, payable on february 15, 2024, to stockholders of record as of february 1, 2024. the company's common stock dividends are subject to available capital, market conditions, and compliance with associated laws and regulations.
series a preferred stock dividends in september 2023, the company declared and paid a semi-annual dividend of $52.96 per share on its outstanding series a preferred stock, totaling $34 million. cumulative cash dividends on the series a preferred stock are payable semiannually, in arrears, on each march 15 and september 15, when, as and if declared by the board of directors.
additional material cash requirements not discussed above operating leases - the company leases generating facilities, land, office and equipment, railcars, fleet vehicles and storefront space at retail stores. as of december 31, 2023, the company had lease payment obligations of $311 million, of which $118 million is payable within the next 12 months. for further discussion, see item 15 - note 10, leases.
other liabilities - other liabilities includes water right agreements, service and maintenance agreements, stadium naming rights, stadium sponsorships, long-term service agreements and other contractual obligations. as of december 31, 2023, the company had total of $213 million under such commitments, of which $40 million are payable within the next 12 months.
contingent obligations for guarantees - nrg and its subsidiaries enter into various contracts that include indemnifications and guarantee provisions as a routine part of the company's business activities. for further discussion, see item 15 -note 27, guarantees.
obligations arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity variable interest in equity investments - nrg's investment in ivanpah is a variable interest entity for which nrg is not the primary beneficiary. see also item 15 - note 17, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion. nrg's pro-rata share of non-recourse debt was approximately $461 million as of december 31, 2023. this indebtedness may restrict the ability of ivanpah to issue dividends or distributions to nrg.
cash flow discussion
2023 compared to 2022
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                2023   2022                          change cash (used)/provided by operating activities          $(221)                          $360        $(581)
cash used by investing activities                      (910)                         (332)        (578)
cash (used)/provided by financing activities           (400)                         1,043        (1,443)
cash (used)/provided by operating activities changes to cash (used)/provided by operating activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase in operating income adjusted for other non-cash items                                                                                                                                                               $2,892
changes in cash collateral in support of risk management activities due to change in commodity prices                                                                                                                       (2,702)
decrease due to receipt of uplift securitization proceeds from ercot in 2022                                                                                                                                                  (689)
decrease in working capital primarily driven by vivint smart home capitalized contract costs partially offset by deferred revenues                                                                                            (361)
increase in working capital related to accrued personnel costs primarily due to the company's annual incentive plan reflecting financial outperformance for 2023                                                                188
increase in working capital related to accounts receivable and inventory primarily due to lower gas and power market pricing coupled with lower gas volumes, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable                  91
$(581)
cash used by investing activities changes to cash (used)/provided by investing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase in cash paid for acquisitions primarily due to the acquisition of vivint smart home in march 2023                                   $(2,461)
increase in proceeds from the sale of assets primarily due to the sale of the company's 44% equity interest in stp in november 2023             1,898
increase from insurance proceeds for property, plant and equipment, net, in 2023                                                                  240
increase in capital expenditures                                                                                                                (231)
decrease in proceeds from sales of emissions allowances, net of purchases                                                                        (18)
increase due to fewer purchases of investments in nuclear decommissioning trust fund securities, net of sales                                     (6)
$(578)
cash (used)/provided by financing activities changes in cash (used)/provided by financing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in net receipts from settlement of acquired derivatives                             $(1,653)
increase in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt in 2023                                      731
increase in proceeds from issuance of preferred stock in 2023                                     635
increase in share repurchase activity                                                           (566)
increase of repayments of long-term debt and finance leases                                     (518)
increase in payments of dividends primarily due to preferred stock issued in 2023                (49)
increase in payments of deferred issuance costs                                                  (23)
$(1,443)
nols, deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position implications for the year ended december 31, 2023, the company had domestic pre-tax book income of $261 million and foreign pre-tax book loss of $474 million. for the year ended december 31, 2023, the company utilized u.s. federal nols of $1.9 billion, and tax credits of $73 million. as of december 31, 2023, the company has cumulative u.s. federal nol carryforwards of $8.4 billion, of which $6.4 billion do not have an expiration date, and cumulative state nol carryforwards of $6.4 billion for financial statement purposes. nrg also has cumulative foreign nol carryforwards of $411 million, most of which have no expiration date. in addition to the above nols, nrg has a $517 million indefinite carryforward for interest deductions, as well as $317 million of tax credits to be utilized in future years. as a result of the company's tax position, including the utilization of federal and state nols, and based on current forecasts, the company anticipates income tax payments, due to federal, state and foreign jurisdictions, of up to $160 million in 2024. there is no impact on the company's provision for income taxes from the camt for the year ended december 31, 2023.
the company has $73 million of tax effected uncertain federal, state and foreign tax benefits for which the company has recorded a non-current tax liability of $76 million (inclusive of accrued interest) until such final resolution with the related taxing authority.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2020. with few exceptions, state and canadian income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2015.
guarantor financial information as of december 31, 2023, the company's outstanding registered senior notes consisted of $375 million of the 2027 senior notes and $821 million of the 2028 senior notes, as shown in note 13, long-term debt and finance leases. these senior notes are guaranteed by certain of nrg's current and future 100% owned domestic subsidiaries, or guarantor subsidiaries (the "guarantors"). see exhibit 22.1 for a listing of the guarantors. these guarantees are both joint and several.
nrg conducts much of its business through and derives much of its income from its subsidiaries. therefore, the company's ability to make required payments with respect to its indebtedness and other obligations depends on the financial results and condition of its subsidiaries and nrg's ability to receive funds from its subsidiaries. there are no restrictions on the ability of any of the guarantors to transfer funds to nrg. other subsidiaries of the company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either nrg energy, inc. or the guarantors (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "non-guarantors"). the non-guarantors include all of nrg's foreign subsidiaries and certain domestic subsidiaries.
the tables below present summarized financial information of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with rule 3-10 under the sec's regulation s-x. the financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position of nrg energy, inc. and the guarantors in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the following table presents the summarized statement of operations:
(in millions)                          for the year ended december 31, 2023
revenue(a)                                           $24,202
operating income(b)                                      600
total other expense                                    (286)
income before income taxes                               314
net income                                               182
(a)intercompany transactions with non-guarantors include revenue of $9 million during the year ended december 31, 2023
(b)intercompany transactions with non-guarantors including cost of operations of $50 million and selling, general and administrative of $209 million during the year ended december 31, 2023
the following table presents the summarized balance sheet information:
(in millions)                                 december 31, 2023
current assets(a)                                $7,239
property, plant and equipment, net                1,217
non-current assets                               11,843
current liabilities(b)                            7,997
non-current liabilities                           9,706
(a)includes intercompany receivables due from non-guarantors of $92 million as of december 31, 2023
(b)includes intercompany payables due to non-guarantors of $4 million as of december 31, 2023
fair value of derivative instruments nrg may enter into energy purchase and sales contracts, fuel purchase contracts and other energy-related financial instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at power plants or retail load obligations. in order to mitigate interest risk associated with the issuance of the company's variable rate debt, nrg enters into interest rate swap agreements. in addition, in order to mitigate foreign exchange rate risk primarily associated with the purchase of usd denominated natural gas for the company's canadian business, nrg enters into foreign exchange contract agreements.
under flex pay, offered by vivint smart home, subscribers pay for smart home products by obtaining financing from a third-party financing provider under the consumer financing program. vivint smart home pays certain fees to the financing providers and shares in credit losses depending on the credit quality of the subscriber.
nrg's trading activities are subject to limits in accordance with the company's risk management policy. these contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings.
the tables below disclose the activities that include both exchange and non-exchange traded contracts accounted for at fair value in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures ("asc 820"). specifically, these tables disaggregate realized and unrealized changes in fair value; disaggregate estimated fair values at december 31, 2023, based on their level within the fair value hierarchy defined in asc 820; and indicate the maturities of contracts at december 31, 2023. for a full discussion of the company's valuation methodology of its contracts, see derivative fair value measurements in item 15 - note 5, fair value of financial instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
derivative activity gains/(losses)                                     (in millions)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2022                        $3,553
contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period             (1,629)
vivint smart home contracts acquired during the period                  (112)
other changes in fair value                                           (1,164)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2023                          $648
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2023
(in millions)                             maturity fair value hierarchy (losses)/gains       1 year or less                         greater than 1 year to 3 years               greater than 3 years to 5 years                         greater than5 years               total fairvalue level 1                                   $(120)                                               $45                            $(5)                                                            $1                        $(79)
level 2                                   (2)                  424                                                172                                                148                                    742
level 3                                   (35)                 19                                                             (3)                                    4                                                  (15)
total                                     $(157)                                              $488                            $164                                                          $153                        $648
the company has elected to disclose derivative assets and liabilities on a trade-by-trade basis and does not offset amounts at the counterparty master agreement level. also, collateral received or posted on the company's derivative assets or liabilities are recorded on a separate line item on the balance sheet. consequently, the magnitude of the changes in individual current and non-current derivative assets or liabilities is higher than the underlying credit and market risk of the company's portfolio. as discussed in item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, commodity price risk, nrg measures the sensitivity of the company's portfolio to potential changes in market prices using var, a statistical model which attempts to predict risk of loss based on market price and volatility. nrg's risk management policy places a limit on one-day holding period var, which limits the company's net open position. as the company's trade-by-trade derivative accounting results in a gross-up of the company's derivative assets and liabilities, the net derivative assets and liability position is a better indicator of nrg's hedging activity. as of december 31, 2023, nrg's net derivative asset was $648 million, a decrease to total fair value of $2.9 billion as compared to december 31, 2022. this decrease was primarily driven by roll-off of trades that settled during the period, losses in fair value, and vivint smart home contracts acquired during the period.
based on a sensitivity analysis using simplified assumptions, the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu increase or decrease in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in a change of approximately $2.0 billion in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2023.
critical accounting estimates the company's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions, which may be appropriate to use. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of the business, but on the results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the accounting guidance has not changed.
nrg evaluates these estimates, on an ongoing basis, utilizing historic experience, consultation with experts and other methods the company considers reasonable. in any event, actual results may differ substantially from the company's estimates. any effects on the company's business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the information that gives rise to the revision becomes known.
the company identifies its most critical accounting estimates as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of the company's financial position and results of operations, and require the most difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments by management about matters that are inherently uncertain.
such accounting estimates include:
accounting estimate                                                  judgments/uncertainties affecting application derivative instruments                                               assumptions used in valuation techniques market maturity and economic conditions contract interpretation market conditions in the energy industry, especially the effects of price volatility on contractual commitments income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets         interpret existing tax statute and regulations upon application to transactions ability to utilize tax benefits through carry backs to prior periods and carry forwards to future periods evaluation of assets for impairment                                  regulatory and political environments and requirements estimated useful lives of assets environmental obligations and operational limitations estimates of future cash flows estimates of fair value judgment about impairment triggering events goodwill and other intangible assets                                 estimated useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets judgment about impairment triggering events estimates of reporting unit's fair value fair value estimate of intangible assets acquired in business combinations business combinations                                                fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations estimated future cash flow estimated useful lives of assets contingencies                                                        estimated financial impact of event(s)
judgment about likelihood of event(s) occurring regulatory and political environments and requirements derivative instruments the company follows the guidance of asc 815, derivatives and hedging "(asc 815"), to account for derivative instruments. asc 815 requires the company to mark-to-market all derivative instruments on the balance sheet and recognize fair value change in earnings, unless they qualify for the npns exception. asc 815 applies to nrg's energy related commodity contracts, interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts and consumer financing program.
energy-related commodities as of december 31, 2023, for purposes of measuring the fair value of derivative instruments, the company primarily uses quoted exchange prices and consensus pricing. consensus pricing is provided by independent pricing services which are compiled from market makers with longer dated tenors as compared to broker quotes. prior to the fourth quarter of 2023, the company valued derivatives based on price quotes from brokers in active markets who regularly facilitate those transactions. the company started using consensus pricing as it offers data from more market makers and for longer dated tenors as compared to broker quotes, enhances data integrity, and increases transparency. when external prices are not available, nrg uses internal models to determine the fair value. these internal models include assumptions of the future prices of energy commodities based on the specific market in which the energy commodity is being purchased or sold, using externally available forward market pricing curves for all periods possible under the pricing model. these estimations are considered to be critical accounting estimates.
interest rate swaps nrg is exposed to changes in interest rate through the company's issuance of variable rate debt. to manage the company's interest rate risk, nrg enters into interest rate swap agreements. in order to qualify the derivative instruments for hedged transactions, nrg estimates the forecasted borrowings for interest rate swaps occurring within a specified time period.
foreign exchange contracts in order to mitigate foreign exchange risk primarily associated with the purchase of usd denominated natural gas for the company's canadian business, the company enters into foreign exchange contract agreements.
consumer financing program the derivative positions for the company's consumer financing program are valued using a discounted cash flow model, with inputs consisting of available market data, such as market yield discount rates, as well as unobservable internally derived assumptions, such as collateral prepayment rates, collateral default rates and credit loss rates. in summary, the fair value represents an estimate of the present value of the cash flows vivint smart home will be obligated to pay to the third-party financing provider for each component of the derivative.
certain derivative instruments that meet the criteria for derivative accounting treatment also qualify for a scope exception to derivative accounting, as they are considered to be npns. the availability of this exception is based upon the assumption that the company has the ability and it is probable to deliver or take delivery of the underlying item. these assumptions are based on expected load requirements, internal forecasts of sales and generation and historical physical delivery on contracts. derivatives that are considered to be npns are exempt from derivative accounting treatment and are accounted for under accrual accounting. if it is determined that a transaction designated as npns no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value combined with the immediate recognition through earnings.
income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2023, nrg's deferred tax assets were primarily the result of u.s. federal and state nols, the difference between book and tax basis in property, plant, and equipment, deferred revenues and tax credit carryforwards. the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the company's ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, prior to the expiration of the tax attributes. the evaluation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the company's financial statements or tax returns and forecasting future profitability by tax jurisdiction.
the company evaluates its deferred tax assets quarterly on a jurisdictional basis to determine whether adjustments to the valuation allowance are appropriate considering changes in facts or circumstances. as of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, when determining the future realization of the company's deferred tax assets. given the company's current level of pre-tax earnings and forecasted future pre-tax earnings, the company expects to generate income before taxes in the u.s. in future periods at a level that would fully utilize its u.s. federal nol carryforwards and the majority of its state nol carryforwards prior to their expiration.
the company continues to maintain a valuation allowance of $275 million as of december 31, 2023 against deferred tax assets consisting of state nol carryforwards and foreign nol carryforwards in jurisdictions where the company does not currently believe that the realization of deferred tax assets is more likely than not. as of december 31, 2022, the company's valuation allowance balance was $224 million.
considerable judgment is required to determine the tax treatment of a particular item that involves interpretations of complex tax laws. the company is subject to examination by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, including operations located in australia and canada. the company continues to be under audit for multiple years by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2020. with few exceptions, state and canadian income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2015.
nrg does not intend, nor currently foresee a need, to repatriate funds held at its international operations into the u.s. these funds are deemed to be indefinitely reinvested in its foreign operations and the company has not changed its assertion with respect to distributions of funds that would require the accrual of u.s. income tax.
evaluation of assets for impairment in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment ("asc 360"), the company evaluates property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. examples of such indicators or events include:
•significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
•significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition;
•adverse business climate;
•accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amounts originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset;
•current period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; and
•change in the company's intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold, or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, through considering project specific assumptions for long-term power and natural gas prices, escalated future project operating costs and expected plant operations. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets by factoring in the different courses of action available to the company. generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques, such as the present value of expected future cash flows. nrg uses its best estimates in making these evaluations and considers various factors, including forward price curves for energy, fuel and operating costs. however, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in the company's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
for assets to be held and used, if the company determines that the undiscounted cash flows from the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, nrg must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. assets held-for-sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. the estimation of fair value, whether in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held-for-sale, and the evaluation of asset impairment are, by their nature, subjective. the company considers quoted market prices in active markets to the extent they are available. in the absence of such information, nrg may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers or employ other valuation techniques. the company will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment or asset. the use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash flows as previously discussed with respect to undiscounted cash flows. actual future market prices and project costs could vary from those used in nrg's estimates and the impact of such variations could be material.
annually, during the fourth quarter, the company revises its views of power and fuel prices including the company's fundamental view for long-term prices, forecasted generation and operating and capital expenditures, in connection with the preparation of its annual budget. changes to the company's views of long-term power and fuel prices impact the company's projections of profitability, based on management's estimate of supply and demand within the sub-markets for its operations and the physical and economic characteristics of each of its businesses.
for further discussion, see item 15 - note 11, asset impairments.
goodwill and other intangible assets at december 31, 2023, the company reported goodwill of $5.1 billion, consisting of $3.5 billion from the acquisition of vivint in 2023, $1.3 billion from the acquisition of direct energy in 2021 and $0.3 billion from other retail acquisitions.
the company applies asc 805, business combinations ("asc 805"), and asc 350, intangibles-goodwill and other ("asc 350") to account for its goodwill and intangible assets. under these standards, the company amortizes all finite-lived intangible assets over their respective estimated weighted-average useful lives, while goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized. goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is identified by assessing whether the components of the company's operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and whether segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment assessment as of december 31 or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit may be below the carrying amount. the company may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment has occurred. in the absence of sufficient qualitative factors, the company performs a quantitative assessment by determining the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing to its book value. if it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, the company's goodwill will be impaired at that time.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
for further discussion, see evaluation of assets for impairment caption above, and item 15 - note 11, asset impairments.
business combinations nrg accounts for business acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting prescribed under asc 805. under this method, the company is required to record on its consolidated balance sheets the estimated fair values of the acquired company's assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires significant estimates and judgments. fair value is determined based on the estimated price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. the acquired assets and assumed liabilities from the vivint smart home acquisition that involved the most subjectivity in determining fair value consisted of customer relationships, developed technology, trade names, acquired debt and derivative instruments. nrg describes in detail its acquisitions in item 15 - note 4, acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements.
the fair value of the customer relationships, technology and trade names are measured using income-based valuation methodologies, which include certain assumptions such as forecasted future cash flows, customer attrition rates, royalty rates and discount rates. customer relationships and technology are amortized to depreciation and amortization, ratably based on discounted future cash flows. trade names are amortized to depreciation and amortization, on a straight line basis.
the acquired vivint smart home debt was measured at fair value using observable market inputs based on interest rates at the acquisition closing date. the difference between the fair value at the acquisition closing date and the principal outstanding is being amortized through interest expense over the remaining term of the debt.
the derivative liabilities in connection with the contractual future payment obligations with the financing providers under vivint smart home's consumer financing program were measured at fair value at the acquisition closing date using a discounted cash flow model, with inputs consisting of available market data, such as market yield discount rates, as well as unobservable internally derived assumptions, such as collateral prepayment rates, collateral default rates and credit loss rates. changes to the fair value are recorded each period through other income, net in the consolidated statement of operations.
contingencies nrg records reserves for estimated losses from contingencies when information available indicates that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. gain contingencies are not recorded until management determines it is certain that the future event will become or does become a reality. such determinations are subject to interpretations of current facts and circumstances, forecasts of future events, and estimates of the financial impacts of such events. nrg describes in detail its contingencies in item 15 - note 23, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting developments see item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments.
