item 1a.    risk factors risks related to government regulations and the environment government actions and political instability may adversely affect occidental's businesses and results of operations.
occidental's businesses are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the actions and decisions of many federal, state, local and international governments and political interests. as a result, occidental faces risks of:
■new or amended laws and regulations, or new or different applications or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, including those related to drilling, manufacturing or production processes (including flaring and well stimulation techniques such as hydraulic fracturing and acidization), pipelines, labor and employment, taxes, royalty rates, permitted production rates, entitlements, import, export and use of raw materials, equipment or products, use or increased use of land, water and other natural resources, air emissions (including restrictions, taxes or fees on emissions of methane, co2, or other substances), water recycling and disposal, waste minimization and disposal, public and occupational health and safety, the manufacturing of chemicals, asset integrity management, the marketing or export of commodities, security, environmental protection, and climate change-related and sustainability initiatives, all of which may restrict or prohibit activities of occidental or its contractors or customers, increase occidental's costs or reduce demand for occidental's products;
■violation of certain laws and regulations, which may result in strict, joint and several liability and the imposition of significant administrative, civil or criminal fines and penalties and may also result in liability for remedial actions or assessments. litigation, orders or other proceedings asserting strict, joint and several liability under such laws and regulations may seek to impose significant administrative, civil or criminal fines and penalties, damages or remedial actions or to require significant changes to, or even closure of, facilities or operations;
■refusal of, or delay in, the extension or grant of exploration, development or production contracts or leases; and
■development delays and cost overruns due to approval delays for, or denial of, drilling, construction, environmental and other regulatory approvals, permits and authorizations.
examples of provisions of recent u.s. federal statutes and regulations that affect key aspects of taxation, land use and production or manufacturing operations and present the foregoing types of risks are described in this risk factor, and examples of those regarding climate change and ghg and other air emissions are described in the next risk factor below.
in august 2022, congress passed and president biden signed the ira, which imposed new or reinstated corporate taxes and fees, including those described below, that could have an adverse effect on occidental's tax liability. the ira enacted a new corporate alternative minimum tax (camt) that, starting in tax year 2023, imposes a 15% minimum tax on the adjusted financial statement income (afsi), net the camt foreign tax credit, of corporations with average afsi exceeding $1 billion for three preceding consecutive tax years. in 2023, the irs issued five notices providing interim guidance on the camt and has indicated it will promulgate camt regulations in 2024. the ira also imposed a 1% excise tax on the aggregate fair market value of corporate share repurchases, net of certain corporate share issuances and other adjustments, by certain corporations during the taxable year. in 2023, the irs issued two notices containing interim guidance clarifying that corporations are not required to report or pay the excise tax until such time and in such manner dictated by irs regulations that are expected to be issued in 2024. the ira also provided significant policy support and incentives, including enhanced tax credits, for dac, ccus, hydrogen and other low-carbon projects. finally, the ira expanded ghg emissions reporting requirements and imposed a new methane emissions charge on owners or operators of various u.s. oil and gas facilities, as described in the next risk factor on climate change and ghg emissions. for additional discussion of such matters, see note 10 - income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.
in november 2021, congress passed and president biden signed the infrastructure investment and jobs act (iija). the iija reinstated, effective in july 2022, the federal superfund chemical excise taxes on various listed taxable chemicals that oxychem manufactures, produces or imports, such as chlorine, sodium hydroxide and ethylene, subject to certain exceptions such as methane used for fuel and exported chemical products. these excise taxes could lead to higher costs and impact margins. the iija also authorized federal support, including grants, loans and loan guarantees, for low-carbon ventures and infrastructure, including grants for dac and ccus research, development and demonstration, carbon transport and storage infrastructure and permitting, carbon utilization and market development, and carbon removal. in august 2023, 1pointfive, llc, a wholly owned subsidiary of occidental (1pointfive), was selected to receive a grant from the u.s. department of energy's office of clean energy demonstrations for the development of its south texas dac hub. the amount of the grant has not been established and it is subject to completion of agreements with the doe. the awarding of grants or other federal support under various statutes could affect the selection and deployment of competing low-carbon technologies and the financing and market acceptance of proposed projects of occidental and its competitors.
in january 2021, president biden issued an executive order that, among other things, called for the elimination of fossil fuel subsidies from federal budget requests beginning in 2022 and announced a moratorium on new oil and gas leases on federal lands and offshore waters pending a review of existing leases and permitting practices. the moratorium was subject to legal challenge, and in august 2022, the u.s. district court for the western district of louisiana permanently enjoined the moratorium as to 13 states that filed a lawsuit against the action.
federal resource agencies have sought to significantly restrict or delay leasing and access to federal lands for oil and gas exploration, production and infrastructure, to increase royalty rates, fees and bonding requirements, to impose oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors significant preconditions, restrictions or delays on permitting, and in certain locations, to prohibit or significantly restrict oil and gas activities under various federal laws, including the ira, outer continental shelf land act, federal land policy and management act, mineral leasing act, mineral leasing act for acquired lands, federal onshore oil and gas leasing reform act, nepa, marine mammal protection act, migratory bird treaty act and endangered species act (esa). for example, offshore leasing is important for occidental to sustain gom production and reserves over the long term. the boem sought to cancel recent offshore lease sales in 2022 in response to litigation brought by advocacy groups and because its 2017-2022 outer continental shelf oil and gas leasing program was expiring. after the ira mandated the reinstatement of those lease sales, as well as increased royalty rates, rental rates and minimum bids and additional fees for offshore and onshore leasing, the boem sought in august 2023 to exclude six million acres from lease sale 261 and to impose other conditions restricting vessel activity that boem contended would protect habitat of the rice's whale, which was listed by the national marine fisheries service (nmfs) as an endangered subspecies of the bryde's whale in 2019. after the u.s. district court for the western district of louisiana ordered the boem to conduct the sale without the exclusion of acreage and restrictions the boem had proposed with respect to the rice's whale, and the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit upheld that order, the boem conducted lease sale 261 in december 2023. in december 2023, the boem also published its record of decision and approval of the 2024-2029 national outer continental shelf oil and gas leasing program that includes a maximum of three potential gom oil and gas lease sales during this period. the boem noted it is "the fewest oil and gas lease sales in history," and that it was adopting those sales in response to a provision of the ira that tied offshore wind leasing to a minimum level of offshore oil and gas leasing until 2032.
regarding onshore federal oil and gas leasing, the blm in june 2022 resumed lease sales on a limited scale that excluded 80% of the planned acreage following environmental review, and at a higher royalty rate, after the biden administration's pause of leasing through an executive order was enjoined. in july 2023, the blm proposed regulations to revise its oil and gas leasing process to implement the ira's increases in royalty rates, rental rates and minimum bids, but also to prioritize leasing in areas with known resource potential and in proximity to existing oil and gas infrastructure and avoid leasing in areas with competing uses such as recreation, wildlife habitat, conservation and historical and cultural resources, increased bonding requirements for leasing, development and production, new reporting and operational requirements for temporarily abandoned wells and potentially change the term of an approved application for permit to drill. the blm is expected to promulgate final regulations on its leasing process in 2024. in july 2023, the u.s. department of the interior announced a proposed rule revising bonding requirements, royalty rates and minimum bids for the onshore federal oil and gas leasing program. if the foregoing regulations are finalized, occidental's subsidiaries could incur increased federal royalties and face restrictions on future potential drilling sites or infrastructure on federal lands.
in june 2022, advocacy groups filed a petition in the u.s. district court for the district of columbia against the blm seeking to invalidate numerous drilling permits for oil and gas wells on federal lands in new mexico and wyoming, and potentially other states, that were approved by the blm under the biden administration, including certain permits obtained by occidental subsidiaries. the plaintiffs allege that the blm failed to comply with various statutes, including nepa, the esa and the federal land policy and management act, by not adequately addressing ghg emissions and climate change in the environmental documents underlying the approvals. occidental, other producers and multiple trade associations have intervened. in november 2023, the u.s. district court for the district of columbia dismissed the case. plaintiffs have filed an appeal. similar cases challenge permits issued to other operators with respect to the blm's consideration of ghg and other air emissions under nepa and other statutes.
in january 2023, the white house council on environmental quality (ceq) released interim guidance directing federal agencies to consider climate change-related effects as part of the nepa review process. in june 2023, the president signed the fiscal responsibility act (fra), which amended nepa to streamline the application and documentation process for agency environmental reviews, set time limits on those reviews, and narrow the scope of agency consideration. in july 2023, the ceq proposed amendments to nepa's implementing regulations, which include defining "effects" to include "climate change-related effects." the ceq is expected to issue final nepa regulations to implement the fra's amendment and its final nepa guidance for consideration of ghg emissions and climate change. litigation over nepa environmental reviews by advocacy groups and associated delays in federal agency actions have significantly delayed or increased costs, impacted financing, or led to the cancellation of proposed domestic energy, manufacturing and infrastructure projects, and such litigation and delays could adversely affect such projects in the future, including those involving occidental or its subsidiaries, joint ventures or customers.
although the foregoing revisions to federal onshore and offshore leasing, the ceq's interim guidance and proposed nepa regulations, and related lawsuits have not affected to date occidental's existing production or planned 2024 drilling and completions activity, restrictions, uncertainty, or litigation regarding federal lease sales and permits and associated royalty and regulatory requirements could impact the future ability to develop resources efficiently on federal lands or in projects that require federal actions on private or state lands.
significant areas of the permian basin in west texas and southeast new mexico are subject to current or proposed land use restrictions under the esa. on june 30, 2023, the u.s. fish and wildlife service (fws) proposed listing the dunes sagebrush lizard as an endangered species under the esa. in november 2022, the fws published a final rule listing the lesser prairie chicken as endangered. although occidental has entered into voluntary conservation agreements with respect to these and other species and their associated habitat in the permian basin, listing of such species may impose significant operational requirements and costs and increase the potential for litigation and enforcement actions. in july 2023, the nmfs proposed a critical habitat designation for the rice's whale in the gom, which the nmfs intends to finalize in 2024 pursuant to a settlement agreement with advocacy groups. under this designation the nmfs may seek to impose oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors conditions on offshore oil and gas development and vessel activity that supports such development, which could affect occidental's exploration, development and operations in the gom.
certain states where occidental's subsidiaries conduct oil and gas operations have adopted or proposed significant land use and permitting laws and regulations that would impose siting requirements or "setbacks" on certain oil and gas drilling locations based on the distance of a proposed well pad to occupied structures, require additional permitting, notification and monitoring requirements for various oil and gas drilling, completions, hydraulic fracturing and production operations or various types of wells and facilities, limit leasing or use of state lands or increase royalty rates, rental rates and fees for such use, increase bonding, plugging and abandonment, and reclamation requirements, and impose other operational restrictions. while, as of december 31, 2023, occidental's subsidiaries maintained a significant inventory of permits and permit applications with applicable regulatory agencies for a substantial portion of their planned 2024 drilling and completions activity, any significant regulatory delays could result in changes to the company's development program and its ability to establish new proved undeveloped locations by meeting the sec's "reasonably certain" threshold for adding pud reserves.
texas and new mexico have experienced an increase in seismic activity in recent years, with events measuring magnitude 4 or greater in each state. in 2021, both states issued guidelines for operators to prevent or mitigate seismic activity, focused on produced water disposal wells. these guidelines also require operators to implement response plans for activities within agency-designated seismic response areas (sras). these states have curtailed water disposal and suspended disposal permits in sras, particularly in deep disposal wells. occidental does not operate deep disposal wells in the sras established by the state agencies to date, and its shallow disposal wells have been authorized to operate at agency-approved volumes, pressures or injection rates. occidental also utilizes central water treatment and recycling facilities that reduce the need for disposal of produced water. certain contractors that dispose of occidental's surplus produced water have been affected by agency actions in sras, but to date have found alternatives that enable continued disposal. actions by agencies and companies to shift produced water disposal to shallower disposal zones is believed to alleviate seismic activity, but can increase the pressure in those shallower zones, which may increase costs of drilling and well construction through those zones or affect the ability to access underlying oil and gas formations. while occidental's ability to drill and complete wells or to dispose of surplus produced water has not been significantly affected by these seismic guidelines to date, increased seismicity, or responses to seismic events by agencies and companies such as curtailing or relocating disposal, could impact the location, timing and cost of occidental's development program and existing operations in or near sras.
in 2016, the toxic substances control act (tsca) was amended to expand the epa's authority to evaluate and regulate new and existing chemicals. the epa is currently evaluating, or developing regulations with respect to, certain chemicals that oxychem produces or uses in its chemical manufacturing operations. in 2022, the epa issued a proposed rule with respect to one chemical used in oxychem's manufacturing operations and several other chemicals that oxychem produces and sells. the epa is expected to issue final regulations under the 2016 tsca amendments with respect to these chemicals in 2024. the epa is also soliciting public comment on commencing risk evaluations of additional chemicals that oxychem manufactures or uses, including vinyl chloride, as well as changes to its tsca procedures for data collection and risk evaluation. depending on the scope of any such final regulations, or of future tsca regulations, oxychem's and its customers' ability to use certain chemicals or to manufacture or sell certain of its products could be restricted or phased out and oxychem's costs could increase.
in addition, occidental has experienced and may continue to experience adverse consequences, such as risk of loss or production limitations, because certain of its international operations are located in countries that may be affected by political instability, nationalizations, corruption, armed conflict, terrorism, insurgency, civil unrest, security problems, labor unrest, opec production restrictions, equipment import restrictions and sanctions. exposure to such risks may increase if a greater percentage of occidental's future oil and gas production or revenue comes from international sources.
climate change and further regulation of ghg and other air emissions may adversely affect occidental's businesses and results of operations.
continuing political, social and industry attention to climate change has resulted in both existing and pending international agreements and national, regional and local legislation and regulatory programs to reduce ghg emissions. the biden administration has identified climate change as a priority and has issued executive orders and proposed regulations to prohibit or restrict oil and gas development activities in certain areas. in addition to the government actions described above, in february 2021, the biden administration established an interagency working group (iwg) to assign a price to the impact of each metric ton of ghg emissions, called the social costs of ghgs (sc-ghg), that federal agencies could use to assess the benefits of more stringent ghg regulations and policy support for low-carbon projects. the iwg set an interim value of $51 per metric ton of co2 emissions in 2020 at a 3% discount rate, which has been subject to legal challenge. challenges to the interim value have thus far been rejected in two federal appellate courts. in september 2023, based on recommendations from the iwg, the biden administration directed federal agencies to expand the use of sc-ghg estimates to assess the benefits of federal programs and regulations in their budgeting, discretionary grants and procurement, and to apply the sc-ghg in calculating penalties in enforcement proceedings and in environmental reviews under nepa for use in permitting decisions and other regulatory activities. in november 2023, the epa utilized a range of sc-ghg significantly higher than the iwg's interim value to support its final regulation of methane and volatile organic compounds (vocs) described below. in december 2023, the administration released a memorandum from the iwg inviting federal agencies to "use their professional judgment" to determine which sc-ghg estimates they would apply in a particular
12       oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors context. collectively, these efforts have the potential to significantly increase both the policy support for low-carbon ventures and the scope of regulations that apply to occidental's industry segments and facilities, including those described below.
in june 2021, congress and president biden reinstated the methane provisions of the epa's 2012 and 2016 regulations, an action that occidental supported. in november 2021 and november 2022, the epa respectively proposed for public comment a framework for expanded federal regulation of methane and voc emissions and the proposed regulations to cover a broader set of new upstream and midstream oil and gas operations, as well as various existing operations. in december 2023, the epa issued its final new source performance standards (nsps) to directly regulate methane and voc emissions from nearly all u.s. onshore oil and gas wells and facilities that were new, modified or reconstructed after december 6, 2022, and emissions guidelines (eg) that are similar to federal nsps for states to apply to existing oil and gas wells and facilities through state implementation plans requiring epa approval and required to take effect no later than 2029. these regulations expand leak detection and repair programs, require rapid reporting and correction of larger emission sources the epa calls "super emitters", require additional emission controls for new and existing wells and facilities and certain types of activities, phase out routine flaring, require replacement or conversion of certain emitting equipment such as gas-driven pneumatic controllers and pumps, and encourage the use of advanced technologies to detect and measure methane emissions. in november 2022, the blm also proposed regulations to restrict venting and flaring from oil and gas operations on federal lands. a final rule has yet to be issued.
in june 2022, the epa proposed to amend its ghg reporting rule with respect to oil and gas operations and several other industry sectors. in august 2022, the ira also directed the epa to update its ghg reporting rule to require greater use of measurements or empirical data, instead of emissions factors. accordingly, the epa proposed regulations in june 2023 to amend subpart w that applies to most u.s. oil and gas facilities to incorporate additional oil and gas equipment and sources, including a category of "other larger release events", revise existing emissions estimation methodologies and calculations, including the global warming potential (gwp) of methane and other ghgs, and increase data collection, particularly for new or modified emissions sources. the epa is expected to promulgate the final subpart w regulations in 2024, and to apply the revised gwps to 2024 emissions, with the other changes applicable to emissions starting in 2025. these proposed amendments could increase occidental's reported estimated emissions from certain sources or types of equipment in its u.s. oil and gas operations. in april 2023, the epa released a supplemental proposed rule that would revise the gwp and several other subparts of the ghg reporting rule, including the reporting that occidental submits as a co2 supplier and for the injection of co2, and add a new reporting category for sequestration of co2 associated with enhanced oil recovery. the epa is expected to promulgate these final ghg regulations in 2024 with the same effective date as expected for the final subpart w regulations.
the ira also established an escalating methane emissions charge that the epa will impose, subject to certain statutory exemptions, on upstream and midstream oil and gas facilities subject to reporting under subpart w of the ghg reporting rule per metric ton of methane emissions above specified intensity thresholds for applicable sectors of the oil and gas industry. the charge starts at $900 per metric ton of methane emitted above applicable thresholds in 2024, and increases to $1,200 per ton in 2025, and $1,500 per ton in 2026 and thereafter. in january 2024, the epa proposed for public comment regulations to implement the methane emissions charge and calculate the charge to be paid by owners or operators of covered oil and gas facilities.
the epa proposed several other regulations of ghg emissions in 2023 that it is expected to finalize in 2024, including nsps and eg for electric generating units, multi-pollutant emissions standards for light- and medium-duty vehicles and ghg emissions standards for heavy-duty vehicles.
as part of its development of five proposed sequestration hubs, 1pointfive has filed multiple permit applications with the epa for class vi co2 sequestration wells in louisiana and texas. these permits are necessary to construct and operate sequestration hubs. in december 2023, the epa granted louisiana primary authority for permitting and oversight of class vi sequestration wells, and 1pointfive expects that the louisiana department of natural resources will assume permitting authority over its pending applications in the state in february 2024. texas has also applied for such authority, a process which is expected to take up to two years, so 1pointfive expects that the epa will continue to process its pending class vi permit applications in texas. denial of class vi permits or significant delays in their issuance could adversely affect the cost, timing, financing and competitiveness of 1pointfive's planned hub development.
several state governments have also established rules aimed at reducing ghg emissions, some including ghg cap and trade programs and others directly regulating equipment that emits ghgs, including methane, and other compounds. most of these cap and trade programs work by requiring major sources of emissions, such as electric power plants, or major producers of fuels, including refineries and natural gas processing plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances. other u.s. states where occidental operates, including colorado, new mexico and texas, adopted or proposed new regulations, policies or strategies in recent years that increase inspection, recordkeeping, reporting, enforcement and controls on flaring, venting and equipment that emit methane and other compounds at oil and gas facilities. in certain instances, these states anticipate tying the processing and active status of oil and gas permits, including drilling permits, to air emissions and compliance. for example, colorado has established ghg intensity targets for dj basin operators in 2025, 2027 and 2030, which occidental currently meets. in october 2023, california enacted legislation addressing the disclosure of ghg emissions, climate-related risks, certain environmental claims and the use or sale of voluntary carbon offsets.
additionally, in march 2022, the sec proposed climate disclosure rules that would require public companies to significantly increase disclosure of ghg emissions and strategies, targets, costs and risks associated with climate change and the energy transition, which the sec is expected to finalize in 2024. the doe is implementing several environmental and climate-focused initiatives, including funding low-carbon and emissions reduction projects and setting national energy efficiency standards for residential, commercial and industrial appliances and equipment that promote electrification.
global efforts have been made and continue to be made in the international community toward the adoption of international treaties or protocols that would address global climate change issues and impose reductions of hydrocarbon-
oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors based fuels, including plans developed in connection with the paris climate conference in december 2015, the katowice climate conference in december 2018 and the united nations' climate change conferences since 2021. in january 2023, the european union (eu) enacted the corporate sustainability reporting directive, which will require sustainability reporting across a broad range of environmental, social, and governance (esg) topics for both eu and certain non-eu companies. numerous countries have also begun proposing climate-related frameworks aligned with the standards of the international sustainability standards board.
these and other government actions relating to ghg and other air emissions are expected to require occidental to incur increased operating and maintenance costs including higher rates charged by service providers and costs to purchase, operate and maintain emissions control systems, acquire emission allowances, pay taxes or fees for methane or carbon emissions and comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements; and they could prevent occidental from conducting oil and gas development activities in certain areas. they could also promote the use of alternative sources of energy and thereby decrease demand for oil, ngl, natural gas and other products that occidental's businesses produce, and could also materially impact olcv's current or future operations and strategy. any such legislation or regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for, oil, ngl, natural gas or other products produced by occidental's businesses and lower the value of its reserves. consequently, government actions designed to reduce ghg emissions could cause occidental to make changes with respect to its business plan, operations and assets that may impact its business and financial performance and could have an adverse effect on its businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reserves.
it is difficult to predict the timing, certainty and scope of such government actions and their ultimate effect on occidental, which could depend on, among other things, the type and extent of ghg emissions reductions required, the availability and price of emission allowances or credits, the availability and price of alternative fuel sources, the energy sectors covered. occidental's ability to recover the costs incurred through its operating agreements or the pricing of its oil, ngl, natural gas and other products and whether service providers are able to pass increased costs through to occidental.
compliance costs and liabilities associated with health, safety and environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on occidental's or its subsidiaries' businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
occidental and its subsidiaries and their respective operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to public and occupational health, safety and environmental protection, including those governing ghg and other air emissions, water use and discharges, waste management, environmental remediation and protection of wildlife and ecosystems. the requirements of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly complex, stringent and expensive to implement. costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are significant and can be unpredictable. these laws sometimes provide for strict liability for events that pose an impact or threat to public health and safety or to the environment, including for funding or performance of remediation and, in some cases, compensation for alleged personal injury, property damage, natural resource damages, punitive damages, civil penalties, injunctive relief and government oversight costs. strict liability can render occidental or its subsidiaries liable for damages without regard to their degree of care or fault. some environmental laws provide for joint and several strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances or materials, and, as a result, occidental or its subsidiaries could be liable for the actions of others.
occidental and its subsidiaries use and generate hazardous substances or materials in their respective operations. in addition, many of their current and former properties are, or have been, used for industrial purposes. accordingly, occidental or its subsidiaries have been, and could become, subject to significant liabilities relating to the investigation, assessment and remediation of potentially contaminated properties and to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as a result of exposures to, or releases of, hazardous substances or materials. for example, as of the date of this filing, occidental believes its range of reasonably possibly additional losses of its subsidiaries for environmental remediation beyond those amounts currently recorded could be up to $2.6 billion on a consolidated basis. for additional discussion of such matters, see note 12 - environmental liabilities and expenditures and note 13 - lawsuits, claims, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.
in addition, stricter enforcement or changing interpretations of existing laws and regulations, the enactment of new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new or increased requirements could require occidental or its subsidiaries to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on their respective businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
occidental's businesses may experience catastrophic events.
the occurrence of severe weather events such as hurricanes, floods, freezes and heat waves, droughts, earthquakes or other acts of nature, pandemics, well blowouts, fires, explosions, pipeline ruptures, chemical releases, oil releases, including maritime releases, releases into navigable waters and groundwater contamination, material or mechanical failure, power outages, industrial accidents, physical or cyber attacks, abnormally pressured or structured formations and other events that cause operations to cease or be curtailed may negatively affect occidental's businesses and the communities in which it operates. coastal operations are particularly susceptible to disruption from severe weather events. the foregoing events may present acute risks such as specific storms or wildfires or chronic risks such as sea level rise or water scarcity. any of these risks could adversely affect occidental's ability to conduct operations or result in substantial losses as a result of:
oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors
■damage to and destruction of property and equipment, including property and equipment owned by third parties which its operations rely upon;
■impacts to occidental's workforce and local communities;
■damage to natural resources;
■pollution and other environmental damage, including spillage or mishandling of recovered chemicals or fluids;
■regulatory investigations, fines and penalties;
■loss of well location, acreage, expected production and related reserves;
■suspension or delay of its operations;
■substantial liability claims; and
■significant repair and remediation costs that increase its breakeven economics.
third-party insurance may not provide adequate coverage or occidental or its subsidiaries may be self-insured with respect to the related losses. in addition, under certain circumstances, occidental or its subsidiaries may be liable for environmental conditions on properties that they currently own, lease or operate that were caused by previous owners or operators of those properties. as a result, occidental or its subsidiaries may incur substantial liabilities to third parties or government entities for environmental matters for which they do not have insurance coverage, which could reduce or eliminate funds available for exploration, development, acquisitions or other investments in their respective businesses, or cause them to incur losses.
risks related to occidental's businesses and operations volatile global and local commodity pricing strongly affect occidental's results of operations.
occidental's financial results correlate closely to the prices it obtains for its products, particularly oil and, to a lesser extent, ngl, natural gas and its chemical products.
prices for oil, ngl and natural gas fluctuate widely. historically, the markets for oil, ngl and natural gas have been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. if the prices of oil, ngl or natural gas continue to be volatile or decline, occidental's operations, financial condition, cash flows, level of expenditures and the quantity of estimated proved reserves that may be attributed to its properties may be materially and adversely affected. prices are set by global and local market forces which are not in occidental's control. these factors include, among others:
■worldwide and domestic supplies of, and demand for, oil, ngl, natural gas and refined products;
■the cost of exploring for, developing, producing, refining and marketing oil, ngl, natural gas and refined products;
■operational impacts such as production disruptions, technological advances and regional market conditions, including available transportation capacity and infrastructure constraints in producing areas;
■changes in weather patterns and climate;
■the impacts of the members of opec and non-opec member-producing nations that may agree to and maintain production levels;
■the ongoing global impact of the russia-ukraine war and conflicts in the middle east;
■the worldwide military and political environment, including uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or outbreak of armed hostilities or acts of terrorism in the united states or elsewhere;
■the price and availability of and demand for alternative and competing fuels and emissions reducing technology;
■technological advances affecting energy consumption and supply;
■government policies and support and market demand for low-carbon technologies;
■domestic and international government regulations and taxes, including those that restrict the export of hydrocarbons;
■shareholder activism or activities by non-governmental organizations to restrict the exploration, development and production of oil, ngl and natural gas;
■additional or increased nationalization and expropriation activities by international governments;
■the impact and uncertainty of world health events, including pandemics and epidemics;
■the effect of releases from or replenishment of the u.s. strategic petroleum reserve;
■volatility in commodity markets;
■the effect of energy conservation efforts; and
■global inventory levels and general economic conditions, including potential economic slowdowns or recessions, domestically or internationally.
oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors the long-term effects of these and other conditions on the prices of oil, ngl, natural gas and chemical products are uncertain and there can be no assurance that the demand or pricing for occidental's products will follow historic patterns in the near term. prolonged or substantial decline, or sustained market uncertainty, in these commodity prices may have the following effects on occidental's businesses:
■adversely affect occidental's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to reduce debt, access to and cost of capital, and ability to finance planned capital expenditures or planned acquisitions, pay dividends and repurchase shares;
■reduce the amount of oil, ngl and natural gas that occidental can produce economically;
■cause occidental to delay or postpone some of its capital projects;
■reduce occidental's revenues, operating income or cash flows;
■reduce the amounts of occidental's estimated proved oil, ngl and natural gas reserves;
■reduce the carrying value of occidental's oil and natural gas properties due to recognizing impairments of proved properties, unproved properties and exploration assets;
■reduce the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to oil, ngl and natural gas reserves; and
■adversely affect the ability of occidental's partners to fund their working interest capital requirements.
generally, occidental's historical practice has been to remain exposed to the market prices of commodities. as of december 31, 2023, there were no active commodity hedges in place. management may choose to put hedges in place in the future for oil, ngl and natural gas commodities. commodity price risk management activities may prevent occidental from fully benefiting from price increases and may expose it to regulatory, counterparty credit and other risks.
the prices obtained for occidental's chemical products correlate to the strength of the united states and global economies, as well as chemical industry expansion and contraction cycles. occidental also depends on feedstocks and energy to produce chemicals, which are commodities subject to significant price fluctuations.
occidental may experience delays, cost overruns, losses or other unrealized expectations in development efforts and exploration activities.
oil, ngl and natural gas exploration and production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond occidental's control, including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially viable oil, ngl and natural gas production. in its development and exploration activities, occidental bears the risks of:
■equipment failures;
■construction delays;
■escalating costs for, competition for, shortages of or delays in services, materials, supplies, equipment or labor;
■increasing prices as a result of broad inflation;
■property or border disputes;
■disappointing drilling results or reservoir performance;
■title problems and other associated risks that may affect its ability to profitably grow production, replace reserves and achieve its targeted returns;
■actions by third-party operators of its properties;
■delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with permits, laws, regulations or litigation and costs of drilling wells on lands subject to complex development terms and circumstances; and
■oil, ngl and natural gas gathering, transportation and processing availability, restrictions or limitations.
exploration is inherently risky and is subject to delays, misinterpretation of geologic or engineering data, unexpected geologic conditions or finding reserves of disappointing quality or quantity, which may result in significant losses.
claims, litigation, government investigations and other proceedings may adversely affect occidental's businesses, consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
occidental is subject to actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews, investigations, and other proceedings, including proceedings by governments and regulatory authorities, involving a wide range of issues, including regarding its drilling, manufacturing or production processes, commercial disputes, environmental compliance, public health and safety and taxes. the outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. determining legal reserves or possible losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. until the final resolution of such matters, occidental may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. should any of its estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on occidental's businesses, consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
for additional discussion of some of these matters, see note 12 - environmental liabilities and expenditures and note 13 - lawsuits, claims, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.
oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic, and social environments of the countries in which occidental operates could adversely affect its reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
occidental's non-u.s. operations accounted for approximately 16% of its consolidated revenue in 2023, 15% in 2022 and 16% in 2021. operations in non-u.s. countries with varying degrees of political, legal and economic stability expose occidental to a wide range of developments that could result in contractual, legal or regulatory changes. instability and unforeseen changes in any of the markets in which occidental operates could result in business disruptions or operational challenges that may adversely affect the demand for occidental's products and services, or its reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. these factors include, but are not limited to, the following:
■    uncertain or volatile political, social, and economic conditions;
■    social unrest, acts of terrorism, war, or other armed conflict;
■    public health crises and other catastrophic events, such as pandemics;
■    confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies;
■    theft of, or lack of sufficient legal protection for, proprietary technology and other intellectual property;
■    unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements, including changes in interpretation or enforcement of existing laws;
■    restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital;
■    currency exchange controls;
■    inflation; and
■    currency exchange, rate fluctuations and devaluations.
in addition, the u.s. government has the authority to prevent or restrict occidental from doing business in foreign jurisdictions or with certain parties. these restrictions and similar restrictions imposed by foreign governments have in the past limited occidental's ability to operate in, or gain access to, opportunities in various jurisdictions. changes in domestic and international policies and regulations may also restrict the company's ability to obtain or maintain licenses or permits necessary to operate in foreign jurisdictions, including those necessary for drilling and development of wells. similarly, the declaration of a "climate emergency" could result in actions to limit exports of occidental's products and other restrictions. any of these actions could adversely affect its businesses or results of operations.
occidental's oil and gas business operates in highly competitive environments, which affect, among other things, its ability to source production and replace reserves.
the exploration and production of oil, ngl and natural gas is a highly competitive business. occidental has many competitors (including national oil companies), some of which: (i) are larger and better funded; (ii) may be willing to accept greater risks; (iii) have greater access to capital; (iv) have substantially larger staffs; or (v) have special competencies. results of operations, reserves replacement and the level of oil and gas production depend, in part, on occidental's ability to profitably acquire additional reserves. competition for access to reserves may make it more difficult to find attractive investment opportunities or require delay of reserve replacement efforts. further, during periods of low product prices, any cash conservation efforts may delay production growth and reserve replacement efforts. also, there is substantial competition for capital available for investment in the oil and natural gas industry. occidental's failure to acquire properties, potentially grow production, replace reserves and attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on its cash flows and results of operations. further, as its competitors use or develop new technologies, occidental may be placed at a competitive disadvantage, and competitive pressures may force its to implement new technologies at a substantial cost.
in addition, occidental's acquisition activities carry risks that it may: (i) not fully realize anticipated benefits due to less-than-expected reserves or production or changed circumstances, such as declines in oil, ngl and natural gas prices; (ii) bear unexpected integration costs or experience other integration difficulties; (iii) experience share price declines based on the market's evaluation of the activity; or (iv) be subject to liabilities that are greater than anticipated.
occidental's oil and gas reserves are estimates based on professional judgments and may be subject to revision.
reported oil and gas reserves are an estimate based on periodic review of reservoir characteristics and recoverability, including production decline rates, operating performance and economic feasibility at the prescribed weighted average commodity prices, future operating costs and capital expenditures, workover and remedial costs, assumed effects of regulation by government agencies, the quantity, quality and interpretation of relevant data, taxes and availability of funds. the procedures and methods for estimating the reserves by occidental's internal engineers were reviewed by independent petroleum consultants. the process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves, however, is complex and requires significant decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir and is therefore inherently uncertain. actual production, revenues, expenditures, oil, ngl and natural gas prices and taxes with respect to occidental's reserves may vary from estimates and the variance may be material. additional regulation around ghg emissions and future costs related to a less carbon-intensive economy could result in a shortened oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors oil and gas reservoir reserve life as the underlying reserves become uneconomical. if occidental were required to make significant negative reserve revisions, its results of operations and stock price could be adversely affected.
in addition, the discounted cash flows included in this form 10-k should not be construed as the fair value of the reserves attributable to occidental's properties. the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the year in accordance with sec regulations. actual future prices and costs may differ materially from sec regulation-compliant prices and costs used for purposes of estimating future discounted net cash flows from proved reserves. also, actual future net cash flows may differ from these discounted net cash flows due to the amount and timing of actual production, availability of financing for capital expenditures necessary to develop occidental's undeveloped reserves, supply and demand for oil, ngl and natural gas, increases or decreases in consumption of oil, ngl and natural gas and changes in government regulations or taxation.
occidental's future results could be adversely affected if it is unable to execute new business strategies effectively.
occidental's results of operations depend on the extent to which it can execute new business strategies effectively relative to both the societal transition to a less carbon-intensive economy and laws, regulations and government and private actions regarding the environment and climate change. occidental's strategies seek to advance its goals of achieving net-zero emissions (i) from its operations and energy use before 2040, with an ambition to do so before 2035, and (ii) from its total carbon inventory, including the use of its sold products, with an ambition to do so before 2050. occidental's strategies and goals are subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond its control. additionally, occidental may be forced to develop or implement new technologies at substantial costs to achieve its strategies. effective execution of these goals may require substantial new capital, which might not be available to occidental in the amounts or at the times expected. in addition, raising such capital may increase its leverage or overall costs of doing businesses. these uncertainties and costs could cause occidental to not be able to fully implement or realize the anticipated results and benefits of its business strategies.
certain of occidental's emissions goals are dependent upon the successful implementation of new and existing technologies on an industrial scale. these technologies are in various stages of development or implementation and may require more capital, or take longer to develop, than currently expected. further, these carbon management technologies are in competition with technologies being developed by other companies. the carbon management solutions are not well established and, while occidental believes it has access to the technologies and the expertise necessary to develop these solutions on an industrial scale, occidental may not ultimately succeed in doing so and in achieving its ghg emissions reduction and net-zero goals.
occidental's strategy to include carbon management in its product line is also dependent upon demand for carbon sequestration and related co2 removal credits, offsets or other attributes. if this market does not develop, or if the regulatory environment does not support carbon management activities, occidental may not be successful in this industry.
occidental's aspirations, goals and initiatives related to carbon management and overall sustainability expose it to numerous risks.
occidental continues to develop new technologies and strategies to position it to meet its emissions reduction and net-zero goals. occidental's efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on its emissions goals, targets and strategies expose it to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal, technological, implementation and other risks. occidental's ability to reach its target emissions is subject to a multitude of factors and conditions, many of which are out of its control. examples of such factors include evolving government regulation and voluntary protocols for reporting or verification of emissions, capture or sequestration, the potential for jurisdictions in which it operates to enact opposing or incompatible regulations, the pace of changes in technology, the successful development and deployment of existing or new technologies and business solutions on a commercial scale, the availability, timing and cost of equipment, manufactured goods and services, and the availability of requisite financing and federal and state incentive programs.
in addition, historical, current and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. as noted earlier, there are multiple proposed or recently adopted changes to various ghg reporting regulations and protocols, including from the epa, the sec, the ghg protocol and certain countries and states, as well as for additional controls, fees or taxes on emissions. while occidental has reported voluntarily on its net-zero pathway and associated goals and targets, as well as ghg emissions estimates, the sec's proposed rules would require both significant additional disclosure and integration of such disclosure directly into financial reporting processes. occidental and numerous other stakeholders submitted comments to the sec on the proposed rules. the sec is expected to issue final rules in 2024. given the potential significance of these changes for estimation, reporting and verification of ghg emissions, establishing and reporting on goals and targets, and estimating and disclosing costs of emissions reduction and the energy transition, occidental may be required or elect to modify or update reported emissions and its current set of ghg goals and targets to reflect such new or changed regulations and protocols, although the company currently expects to retain its overarching net-zero goals and to continue to implement emissions reduction plans that it believes will complement its investments in dac, ccus and other low-carbon technologies and infrastructure. as the nature, scope and complexity of environmental, social and governance (esg) reporting, calculation methodologies, voluntary reporting oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors standards and disclosure requirements expand and change, occidental may have to undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on esg metrics, especially to the extent applicable rules and standards are not harmonized or consistent.
occidental may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, customers, political advocacy groups, other stakeholders and the media related to its emissions reduction and net-zero goals and strategies, and it may be unable to satisfy all stakeholders. if occidental's emissions goals and strategies to achieve them do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations or standards, occidental's reputation, ability to attract and retain employees and attractiveness as an investment, business partner, supplier or acquirer could be negatively impacted. similarly, occidental's failure or perceived failure to fulfill its emissions goals and targets, to comply with ethical, health, safety, environmental, social, governance or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to satisfy various reporting standards with respect to these matters effectively could have the same negative impacts and further expose occidental to government enforcement actions and private litigation. even if occidental achieves its goals, targets and objectives, it may not realize all of the benefits that it expected at the time the goals were established.
there also have been efforts in the investment community, including investment advisers, financial institutions and certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds, as well as political actors and other stakeholders, promoting divestment of fossil fuel equities, reducing access to capital markets and pressuring lenders to limit funding or increase the cost of lending to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. additionally, institutional lenders who provide financing to oil and gas companies have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices, and some of them may substantially reduce, or elect not to provide, funding for oil and gas companies. customers and suppliers also may evaluate occidental's sustainability practices or require that it adopt certain sustainability policies as a condition of awarding contracts. such environmental initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air emissions could adversely affect occidental's business activities, operations and ability to access capital, cause the market value of its securities to decrease or its cost of capital to increase, and adversely affect its reputation. at the same time, stakeholders and regulators have increasingly expressed or pursued divergent views, legislation and investment expectations with respect to sustainability, including the enactment or proposal of "anti-esg" legislation or policies.
finally, increasing attention to climate change risks has resulted in an increased possibility of government investigations and additional private litigation against occidental without regard to causation or its contribution to the asserted damage, which could increase its costs or otherwise adversely affect its businesses. for example, governments and private parties are also increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory action alleging misrepresentation regarding climate change and other esg-related matters and practices or a failure or lack of diligence to meet publicly stated sustainability or climate-related goals. such lawsuits present a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which energy companies face an increased risk of liability stemming from climate change or sustainability disclosures and practices.
occidental has previously recorded impairments of its proved and unproved oil and gas properties and will continue to assess further impairments for these properties and other assets in the future.
occidental has recorded impairments of its proved and unproved oil and gas properties resulting from prolonged declines in oil and gas prices and may record such impairments in the future. past impairments included pre-tax impairment and related charges to both proved and unproved oil and gas properties and a lower of cost or net realizable value adjustment for crude inventory. if there is an adverse downturn of the macroeconomic conditions and if such downturn is expected to or does persist for a prolonged period of time, occidental's oil and gas properties may be subject to further testing for impairment, which could result in additional non-cash asset impairments. such impairments could be material to the financial statements.
occidental may subject its low-carbon initiatives, including related acquisitions, and investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, to impairment testing. if occidental and/or its subsidiaries are not successful in these development-stage initiatives, including dac, ccus and other low-carbon projects, investments and ventures, such impairments could be material to the financial statements.
future costs associated with reducing emissions and carbon impacts, as well as impacts resulting from other risk factors described herein, could lead to impairments in the future, if such costs significantly increase occidental's breakeven economics.
occidental uses water and sand and is required to dispose of produced water. occidental's inability to source water and sand, or dispose of produced water, could adversely affect its operations.
water and sand are required for the exploration and production of oil and gas. occidental's ability to obtain water and sand for its operations may be affected by the price of water and sand, the availability of transportation and other market conditions. additionally, some government authorities have restricted the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for hydraulic fracturing. if occidental is unable to obtain water or sand to use in its operations, occidental may be unable to economically produce oil and natural gas, which could have a material and adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, occidental must dispose of the surplus fluids produced from oil and gas production operations, including produced water, directly or through the use of third-party vendors. the legal requirements related to the injection of produced water into a non-producing geologic formation are subject to change. restrictions as a result of more stringent regulations or legal directives, potential litigation or other developments could materially impact occidental's ability to dispose of produced water, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors occidental uses co2 for its eor operations. occidental's production from these operations may decline if occidental is not able to obtain sufficient amounts of co2.
occidental's co2 eor operations are critical to occidental's long-term strategy. oil production from occidental's co2 eor projects depends largely on having access to sufficient amounts of naturally occurring or anthropogenic (human-made) co2. occidental's ability to produce oil from its co2 eor projects would be hindered if the supply of co2 were limited due to, among other things, problems with current co2 producing wells and facilities, including compression equipment, catastrophic pipeline failure or the ability to economically purchase naturally occurring or anthropogenic co2. this could have a material adverse effect on occidental's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. future oil production from its co2 eor operations is dependent on the timing, volumes and location of co2 injection and, in particular, occidental's ability to obtain sufficient volumes of co2. market conditions may cause the delay or cancellation of the development of naturally occurring co2 sources or construction of plants that produce anthropogenic co2 as a byproduct that can be purchased, thus limiting the amount of co2 available for use in occidental's co2 eor operations.
occidental is exposed to cyber-related risks.
the oil and gas industry is increasingly dependent on information technology (it) and industrial control systems (ics) to conduct certain exploration, development and production activities. occidental relies on digital and industrial control systems, related infrastructure, technologies and networks to run its businesses and to control and manage its oil and gas, chemicals, marketing and pipeline operations. use of the internet, cloud services, mobile communication systems and other public networks exposes occidental's businesses and those of third parties with whom occidental does business, and relies on for certain services including related to occidental's systems and data, to the risk of cyber attacks, which have escalated in recent years.
information and industrial control technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security could disrupt occidental's operations by causing delays, impeding processing of transactions and reporting financial results, or leading to the unintentional disclosure of company, partner, customer or employee information that could damage its reputation. a cyber attack on occidental's information or industrial control systems and related infrastructure, or those of its business associates or third-party service providers, could negatively impact occidental's operations in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to:
■adversely impacting occidental's ability to compete for oil and natural gas resources;
■resulting in delays and failure to reach the intended target or cause a drilling incident;
■resulting in a loss of production or accidental discharge;
■resulting in a disruption of the manufacturing and marketing of its products or a potential hse hazard;
■resulting in supply chain disruptions, which could delay or halt occidental's construction and development projects;
■delaying or preventing occidental from producing, transporting, processing and marketing its production;
■slowing or halting commodities trading, thus preventing occidental from marketing its production or engaging in hedging activities;
■adversely impacting the natural gas market;
■causing operational disruption;
■causing a loss in production or a potential hse hazard;
■resulting in events of non-compliance which could then lead to regulatory fines or other penalties and legal liability; and
■damaging occidental's reputation, subjecting it to potential financial or legal liability, regulatory fines and penalties and requiring it to incur significant costs, including compliance costs, costs to repair or restore its systems and data or to take other remedial steps.
there can be no assurance that occidental's cybersecurity measures, or the efforts of its partners, will be sufficient to prevent or identify cybersecurity incidents. although occidental has implemented controls and multiple layers of security that it believes are reasonable to mitigate the risks of a cybersecurity incident, there can be no assurance that occidental's response will be successful or effectively address an incident on a timely basis. as a result of any of the foregoing, occidental could suffer interruptions in its ability to manage its operations, which may adversely affect its business and financial results. in addition, occidental may incur large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems or to protect against similar future events. disruption to occidental's operations and damage to its reputation could materially adversely affect its financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
moreover, laws and regulations governing cybersecurity and data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential or protected information pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potential costs, and any failure to comply with these data privacy requirements or other applicable laws and regulations in this area could lead to a loss of sensitive information and result in significant regulatory or other penalties and legal liability.
while occidental has experienced cyber attacks in the past, it has not suffered any material losses. however, if in the future occidental's cybersecurity measures are compromised or prove insufficient, the potential consequences to occidental's businesses and the communities in which it operates could be significant. as cyber attacks continue to evolve in magnitude and sophistication, occidental may be required to expend additional resources in order to continue to enhance oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors its cybersecurity measures and to investigate and remediate any digital and operational systems, related infrastructure, technologies and network security vulnerabilities, which would increase its costs. occidental also may incur large expenditures to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems or to protect against similar future events. a system failure or data security breach, or a series of such failures or breaches, could have a material adverse effect on occidental's ability to manage its operations, which may adversely affect its businesses, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
occidental's oil and gas reserve additions may not continue at the same rate and a failure to replace reserves may negatively affect occidental's businesses.
producing oil and natural gas reservoirs generally are characterized by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and other factors. unless occidental conducts successful exploration or development activities, acquires properties containing proved reserves, or both, proved reserves will generally decline and negatively impact occidental's businesses. occidental may not be successful in finding, developing or acquiring additional reserves, and its efforts may not be economic. its ability to make the necessary capital investment to maintain or expand its asset base of oil and gas reserves would be limited to the extent cash flow from operations is reduced and external sources of capital become limited or unavailable. the value of occidental's securities and its ability to raise capital will be adversely impacted if it is not able to replace reserves that are depleted by production or replace its declining production with new production by successfully allocating annual capital to maintain its reserves and production base. occidental expects infill development projects, extensions, discoveries and improved recovery to continue as main sources for reserve additions but factors such as geology, government regulations and permits, the effectiveness of development plans and the ability to make the necessary capital investments or acquire capital are partially or fully outside management's control and could cause results to differ materially from expectations.
occidental's operations and financial results could be significantly negatively impacted by its offshore operations.
occidental is vulnerable to risks associated with offshore operations that could negatively impact its operations and financial results. certain occidental subsidiaries conduct offshore operations primarily in the gulf of mexico and their operations and financial results are vulnerable to certain unique risks associated with operating offshore, including conditions relating to the following:
■hurricanes and other adverse weather conditions;
■geological complexities and water depths associated with such operations;
■limited number of partners available to participate in projects;
■oilfield service costs and availability;
■compliance with hse and other laws and regulations;
■terrorist attacks or piracy;
■remediation and other costs and regulatory changes resulting from oil spills, emissions or releases of hazardous substances or materials;
■failure of equipment or facilities; and
■response capabilities for personnel, equipment or environmental incidents.
in addition, certain occidental subsidiaries conduct some of their exploration in deep waters (greater than 1,000 feet) where operations, support services and decommissioning activities are more difficult and costly than in shallower waters. the deep waters in the gulf of mexico, as well as international deep-water locations, lack the physical and oilfield service infrastructure present in shallower waters. as a result, deep-water operations may require significant time between a discovery and the time that occidental can market its production, thereby increasing the risk involved with these operations.
anadarko's tronox settlement may not be deductible for income tax purposes; occidental may be required to repay the tax refund anadarko received in 2016 related to the deduction of the tronox settlement payment, which may have a material adverse effect on occidental's results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
in april 2014, anadarko and kerr-mcgee entered into a settlement agreement for $5.2 billion, resolving, among other things, all claims that were or could have been asserted in connection with the may 2009 lawsuit filed by tronox against anadarko and kerr-mcgee in the u.s. bankruptcy court for the southern district of new york. after the settlement became effective in january 2015, anadarko paid $5.2 billion and deducted this payment on its 2015 federal income tax return. due to the deduction, anadarko had a net operating loss carryback for 2015, which resulted in a tentative tax refund of $881 million in 2016.
the irs audited anadarko's tax position regarding the deductibility of the payment and in september 2018 issued a statutory notice of deficiency rejecting anadarko's refund claim. anadarko disagreed and filed a petition with the u.s. tax court to dispute the disallowance in november 2018. trial was held in may 2023. post-trial briefing is ongoing. closing arguments are set for may 2024. occidental expects to continue pursuing resolution. in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) topic 740's guidance on the accounting for uncertain tax positions, as of december 31, 2023, occidental had recorded no tax benefit on the tentative cash tax refund. if the payment is ultimately determined not to be deductible, occidental would be required to repay the tentative refund received plus interest totaling approximately $2.0 billion as of december 31, 2023, which could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and consolidated balance sheets.
oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors occidental's consolidated financial statements include an uncertain tax position for the approximate repayment of $1.4 billion in federal taxes plus accrued interest of approximately $574 million. this amount is not covered by insurance. for additional information on income taxes, see note 10 - income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.
occidental's indebtedness may make it more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in its businesses. downgrades in occidental's credit ratings or future increases in interest rates may negatively impact occidental's cost of capital and ability to access capital markets.
occidental's level of indebtedness could increase its vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, economic downturns and adverse developments in its businesses or limit occidental's flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in its businesses and the industries in which it operates. from time to time, occidental has relied on access to capital markets for funding. occidental's ability to obtain additional financing or refinancing will be subject to a number of factors, including general economic and market conditions such as rising interest rates, inflation or unstable or illiquid market conditions, occidental's performance, investor sentiment and occidental's ability to meet existing debt compliance requirements. occidental's ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when it would like, or need, to access to those markets, which could constrain its flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. if occidental is unable to generate sufficient funds from its operations to satisfy its capital requirements, including its existing debt obligations, or to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, occidental's businesses could be adversely affected. as of the date of this filing, occidental's long-term debt was rated bbb- by fitch ratings, baa3 by moody's investors service and bb+ by standard and poor's.
one of occidental's subsidiaries acts as the general partner of wes, a publicly traded master limited partnership, which may involve potential legal liability.
one of occidental's subsidiaries acts as the general partner of wes, a publicly traded master limited partnership. its general partner interest in wes may increase the possibility that it could be subject to claims of breach of duties owed to wes, including claims of conflict of interest. any such claims could increase occidental's costs and any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on occidental's financial condition, operating results or cash flows.
risks related to the crownrock acquisition occidental may not complete the crownrock acquisition within the anticipated timeframe or at all.
the completion of the crownrock acquisition is subject to a number of conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals. the failure to satisfy all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the crownrock acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all. in addition, the terms and conditions of the required regulatory authorizations and consents for the crownrock acquisition that are granted, if any, may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of occidental's business after the transaction or materially delay the completion of the acquisition. a delay in completing the crownrock acquisition could cause occidental to realize some or all of the benefits later than it otherwise expects to realize them if the crownrock acquisition were successfully completed within the anticipated timeframe, which could result in additional transaction costs or in other negative effects associated with uncertainty around completion of the acquisition.
in addition, occidental has incurred, and will incur, transaction-related costs in connection with the crownrock acquisition, including legal, accounting, and other fees and costs relating to the crownrock acquisition. if occidental is unable to complete the crownrock acquisition, occidental will still incur, and will remain liable for, various transaction costs, which may be significant, without realizing the expected benefits of the crownrock acquisition.
occidental may not achieve the intended benefits of the crownrock acquisition, and the crownrock acquisition may disrupt occidental's existing plans or operations.
there can be no guarantee that occidental will be able to successfully integrate crownrock or otherwise realize the expected benefits of the potential transaction, including being accretive to free cash flow. difficulties in integrating crownrock into occidental may result in operational and other challenges, including the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns; the diversion of resources to integration processes; the retention of key crownrock management and other employees; the retention of existing business and operational relationships, including customers, suppliers and other counterparties; the attraction of new business and operational relationships; the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding integration processes and associated expenses; the elimination of duplicative corporate or operational processes; potential limitations placed on occidental's business by regulatory authorities; the possibility that a failure to successfully integrate crownrock into occidental's internal control over financial reporting could compromise the integrity of occidental's financial reporting; as well as unanticipated issues in integrating certain systems. an inability to realize the full extent of the intended benefits of the crownrock acquisition, and any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect on occidental's revenues and its level of expenses and results of operations, which may adversely affect the value of occidental's common stock. in addition, the integration may result in additional or unforeseen expenses. although occidental expects the strategic benefits and additional free cash flow to offset incremental transaction-related costs over time, if occidental is not able to adequately and effectively address oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors integration challenges, it may be unable to successfully integrate operations or realize anticipated benefits of the integration of crownrock.
notwithstanding the due diligence investigation that occidental performed in connection with its entry into the purchase agreement, crownrock may have liabilities, losses, or other exposures for which occidental does not have adequate insurance coverage or other protection.
while occidental performed due diligence on crownrock prior to occidental's entry into the purchase agreement, occidental is dependent on the accuracy and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by crownrock and its representatives when conducting due diligence and evaluating the results of such due diligence. occidental does not control and may be unaware of activities of crownrock prior to the completion of the crownrock acquisition, including intellectual property and other litigation, claims or disputes, information security vulnerabilities, violations of laws, policies, rules and regulations, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities.
if the crownrock acquisition is consummated, the liabilities of crownrock, including contingent liabilities, will be consolidated with occidental's liabilities for purposes of financial reporting. if crownrock's liabilities are greater than expected, or if there are obligations of crownrock of which occidental is not aware, occidental's business could be materially and adversely affected. while the cash purchase price is subject to a negative adjustment for title and environmental defects identified by occidental prior to the consummation of the crownrock acquisition (subject, in each case, to certain customary exceptions, thresholds and deductibles and offset by any title benefits identified by occidental), occidental does not have indemnification rights from the current owners of crownrock and instead will rely on a limited representation and warranty insurance policy, which occidental has obtained. such insurance is subject to exclusions, policy limits and certain other customary terms and conditions. crownrock may also have other unknown liabilities, which occidental will be responsible for after consummation of the crownrock acquisition. if occidental is responsible for liabilities not covered by representation and warranty insurance, occidental could suffer consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.
occidental will incur a substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with the financing of the crownrock acquisition.
occidental expects to fund the cash portion of the consideration by incurring up to $9.1 billion of third-party indebtedness. in addition, occidental expects to assume approximately $1.2 billion of crownrock's outstanding long-term debt in the crownrock acquisition. occidental cannot guarantee that it will be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service and repay this indebtedness, or that it will be able to refinance such indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. the failure to repay or refinance such indebtedness as expected could have a material adverse effect on occidental's business, financial condition, results of operation, cash flows and/or stock price. if occidental is unable to service such indebtedness and fund its operations, occidental may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, seek additional capital, sell assets or refinance occidental's indebtedness. any such action may not be successful and occidental may be unable to service such indebtedness and its operations, which could have a material adverse effect on occidental's business, financial condition, results of operation, cash flows and/or stock price.
in addition, the terms of such indebtedness may restrict certain actions by occidental and its subsidiaries. the exact terms of such restrictions, if any, will be subject to negotiations prior to consummation of the applicable financing transaction. such restrictive covenants may limit the ability of occidental and its subsidiaries. a breach of any of these restrictive covenants, if applicable, could result in default under the applicable debt instrument. further, occidental and its subsidiaries may be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations imposed on them by any restrictive covenants and financial covenants contained in such debt instruments. the requirement that occidental and its subsidiaries comply with these provisions may materially adversely affect occidental's and its subsidiaries' ability to react to changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities that occidental believes to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed capital expenditures or withstand a downturn in occidental's business.
occidental may not be able to obtain its preferred form of debt financing in connection with the crownrock acquisition on anticipated terms or at all.
occidental expects to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the crownrock acquisition and the payment of fees and expenses related to the crownrock acquisition using the proceeds of long-term debt financing, which occidental expects to include the issuance of debt securities through a public offering or in a private placement, in addition to borrowings under a new term loan facility. there is a risk, however, that market conditions will not be conducive to occidental executing this financing plan with respect to the long-term financing, or that such long-term financing will not be available on favorable terms, or at all. as a result, occidental may need to pursue other options, including borrowings under oxy 2023 form 10-k risk factors the bridge facility, which may result in less favorable financing terms that could increase costs and/or adversely impact the operations of occidental.
occidental may not be able to complete its planned divestitures of certain assets on favorable terms or at all.
although occidental intends to complete $4.5 to $6.0 billion of divestitures of certain assets within 18 months after completion of the crownrock acquisition, occidental may not be able to complete its planned divestitures on favorable terms, in a timely manner or at all. additionally, the completion of any future divestitures will be subject to customary closing conditions, including, if applicable, the receipt of required government and regulatory approvals. any difficulties with respect to the completion of the planned divestitures could have a material adverse effect on occidental's businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or stock price.
the crownrock acquisition is subject to certain government approvals, and if such approvals are not granted or are granted with conditions that become applicable to the parties, completion of the crownrock acquisition may be jeopardized or prevented or the anticipated benefits of the transactions could be reduced.
completion of the crownrock acquisition is conditioned upon the expiration or termination of the waiting period relating to the crownrock acquisition under the hart-scott-rodino act, as amended (the hsr act). on december 20, 2023, each of occidental and the sellers filed their respective premerger notification and report in connection with the crownrock acquisition with the doj and the ftc under the hsr act. on january 19, 2024, occidental and crownrock each received a second request for additional information and documentary material from the ftc in connection with the ftc's review of the crownrock acquisition. issuance of the second request extends the waiting period under the hsr act until 30 days after both occidental and the sellers have substantially complied with the second request, unless the waiting period is terminated earlier by the ftc or the parties otherwise commit not to close the crownrock acquisition for some additional period of time. occidental and the sellers are cooperating with the ftc in its review of the crownrock acquisition and are working diligently to satisfy the closing condition as soon as possible.
under the terms of the purchase agreement, occidental and the sellers have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to obtain the required government approvals and complete the crownrock acquisition as promptly as practicable, subject to certain exceptions, including that occidental will not be required to take or authorize any action that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, assets or results of operations of occidental, crownrock and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (provided that, for purposes of such determination, occidental, crownrock and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, taken as a whole, will be deemed a consolidated group of entities of the size and scale of a hypothetical company that is 100% of the size crownrock and its subsidiaries as of the date of the purchase agreement). the ftc may be affected by government shutdowns, which could result in delays regarding any potential approvals or other actions.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements, which are included in this form 10-k in item 8 and the information set forth in risk factors under part 1, item 1a. the following sections include a discussion of results for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 as well as certain 2021 results. the comparative results for fiscal 2022 with fiscal 2021 generally have not been included in this form 10-k, but may be found in "part ii - item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022.
index                                                                              page current business outlook and strategy                                                30
oil and gas segment                                                                  32
chemical segment midstream and marketing segment segment results of operations and items affecting comparability                      45
income taxes consolidated results of operations liquidity and capital resources lawsuits, claims, commitments and contingencies environmental liabilities and expenditures global investments critical accounting policies and estimates safe harbor discussion regarding outlook and other forward-looking data              61
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis current business outlook and strategy general occidental's operations, financial condition, cash flows and levels of expenditures are highly dependent on oil prices and, to a lesser extent, ngl and natural gas prices, midland-to-gulf-coast oil spreads, chemical product prices and inflationary pressures in the macro-economic environment. in 2023, as compared to 2022, the average annual price per barrel of wti crude decreased to $77.64 from $94.23, and the average annual brent price per barrel decreased to $82.25 from $98.83. the macroeconomic softening of major world economies as inflation pressures are being mitigated with higher interest rates have resulted in a decrease in benchmark oil prices year-over-year. it is expected that the price of oil will be volatile for the foreseeable future given the current geopolitical risks, evolving macro-economic environment that impacts energy demand, future supply actions by opec and non-opec oil producing countries, the russia-ukraine war and conflicts in the middle east, and the biden administration's management of the u.s. strategic petroleum reserve. occidental does not operate or own assets in russia or ukraine, or in the immediate vicinity of ongoing conflicts in the middle east.
occidental works to manage inflation impacts by capitalizing on operational efficiencies, locking in pricing on longer term contracts and working closely with vendors to secure the supply of critical materials. as of december 31, 2023, substantially all of occidental's outstanding debt was fixed rate.
strategy occidental is focused on delivering a unique shareholder value proposition with its portfolio of oil and gas, chemicals and midstream and marketing assets and its ongoing development of carbon management and storage solutions and ghg emissions reduction efforts. occidental conducts its operations with a priority on hse, sustainability and social responsibility. occidental aims to maximize shareholder returns through a combination of:
■delivering a sustainable and growing dividend;
■enhancing its asset base with new investments in its cash-generative energy and chemical businesses as well as emerging low-carbon businesses;
■advancing technologies and business solutions to help drive a sustainable low-carbon future;
■further reducing long-term financial leverage; and
■strengthening occidental's u.s. onshore portfolio with premier permian basin assets through the crownrock acquisition, which is expected to be immediately cash flow accretive.
operational excellence and capital efficiency occidental's operational priorities for 2023 were to maximize operational efficiencies by investing $5.0 billion in high return upstream assets to generate long-term free cash flow that will provide cash flow stability throughout the commodity cycle. occidental set new operational records and efficiency benchmarks in the permian, rockies, gulf of mexico, oman and uae. despite a softer market, oxychem generated its third-highest year of earnings. with favorable commodity prices and occidental's success with operational efficiencies, occidental's generated cash flow enabled share repurchases and the commencement of preferred equity redemption, advancing its shareholder return framework.
debt as of december 31, 2023, future principal payments of debt were less than $18.0 billion, of which $1.1 billion is due in in 2024, $1.2 billion in 2025, $1.4 billion in 2026, $0.9 billion in 2027, and $13.3 billion due in 2028 and thereafter.
in connection with entering into an agreement to acquire crownrock, occidental secured a fully-committed $5.3 billion bridge loan facility, a $2.0 billion 364-day term loan, and a $2.7 billion two-year term loan. prior to or concurrent with the closing of the acquisition, occidental plans to issue new debt comprised of a combination of the term loans and senior unsecured notes. in addition, occidental plans to refinance a majority of the $1.2 billion of crownrock's existing debt assumed in the acquisition. occidental intends to repay at least $4.5 billion of debt within twelve months of closing the acquisition with proceeds from the divestiture program and excess cash flows.
debt ratings as of the date of this filing, occidental's long-term debt was rated baa3 by moody's investors service, bbb- by fitch ratings and bb+ by standard and poor's. occidental's credit rating was upgraded to investment grade by moody's investors service in march 2023 and by fitch ratings in may 2023. any downgrade in credit ratings could impact occidental's ability to access capital markets and increase its cost of capital. a non-investment grade debt rating may require occidental or its subsidiaries to provide financial assurance in the form of cash, letters of credit, surety bonds or other acceptable support under certain contractual arrangements.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis shareholder return priorities capital is returned to shareholders through occidental's dividend and share repurchases. in 2023, occidental declared dividends to common shareholders of $646 million, or $0.72 per share, and repurchased 29.1 million common shares at an average price of $61.09 per share under the $3.0 billion share repurchase program announced in february 2023. in february 2024, occidental's board declared an increased dividend rate of $0.22 per share per quarter or $0.88 on an annualized basis. additional free cash flows from the crownrock acquisition are expected to support the increase of the quarterly dividend to $0.22 per share. as of december 31, 2023, $1.2 billion remained of occidental's $3.0 billion share repurchase program, which the board authorized in february 2023.
in 2023, occidental redeemed preferred stock with a face value of $1.5 billion, and incurred $151 million in redemption premiums as its trailing 12-month distributions to common shareholders were above $4.00 per share. as of december 31, 2023, $8.5 billion face value of the preferred stock remains outstanding. in light of the crownrock acquisition, occidental's shareholder return priorities aim to provide a growing sustainable dividend and reduce outstanding debt principal to below $15 billion before resuming share repurchases.
sustainability and environmental stewardship strategy in 2020, occidental was the first u.s. oil and gas company to announce goals to achieve net-zero ghg emissions for its total emissions inventory including use of sold products. these goals include achieving net-zero ghg emissions (i) from its operations and energy use before 2040, with an ambition to do so before 2035, and (ii) from its total carbon inventory, including the use of its sold products, with an ambition to do so before 2050. in 2020, occidental also set various interim targets, including 2025 carbon and methane intensity targets, and occidental was the first u.s. oil and gas company to endorse the world bank's initiative for zero routine flaring by 2030. in 2022, the board of directors adopted occidental's updated hse and sustainability principles, based on engagement with shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. the principles reinforce the alignment among occidental's core values, goals and strategies, underpin its operational management system, and help to guide the workforce across its businesses.
occidental seeks to meet its sustainability and environmental goals through its development and commercialization of technologies that lower both ghg emissions from industrial processes and existing atmospheric concentrations of co2. occidental believes that carbon removal technologies, including dac and ccus, can, with incentives necessary for their development and deployment, provide essential co2 reductions to assist the world's transition to a less carbon-intensive economy. as a result of these initiatives, occidental has completed the following actions, among others, toward advancing its low-carbon strategy:
■acquired full ownership of dac technology developer carbon engineering, ltd;
■reduced estimated methane emissions by approximately 58% from 2019 and 40% from 2021, along with co2 reductions;
■entered into a joint venture agreement with blackrock, through a fund managed by its diversified infrastructure business, for the development of stratos, occidental's first large-scale direct air capture plant in ector county, texas, which provides $550 million of committed investment from blackrock's fund;
■stratos construction progressed on schedule;
■south texas dac hub selected for a u.s. department of energy dac demonstration grant, with funding to be announced in 2024, and commenced front-end engineering and design;
■achieved global 67% reduction in routine flaring of gas in 2023 from its 2020 baseline through commissioning additional compression in oman while its u.s. oil and gas operations sustained zero routine flaring;
■removed or converted all remaining high-bleed pneumatic control devices found in occidental's u.s. onshore oil and operations; and
■original signatory to the oil and gas decarbonization charter and committed funding to the world bank's global flaring and methane reduction partnership, both announced at the un's cop28 climate change conference.
the future costs associated with emissions reduction, carbon removal and ccus to meet its long-term net-zero ghg goals may be substantial and execution of occidental's plans and net-zero pathway depends on securing third-party capital investments. as reflected by the joint venture with blackrock, occidental is pursuing multiple pathways to fund these projects including project financing, long-term carbon removal or ccus agreements, and identifying business opportunities with stakeholders in carbon-intensive industries.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis key performance indicators occidental seeks to meet its strategic goals by continually measuring its success against key performance indicators that drive total stockholder return. in addition to efficient capital allocation and deployment discussed below in the section titled oil and gas segment - business strategy, occidental believes its most significant performance indicators are:
operational
■total spend per barrel - in 2024, occidental will continue to focus on controlling total costs from a per-barrel perspective. total spend per barrel is the sum of capital spending, general and administrative expenses, other operating and non-operating expenses and oil and gas lease operating costs divided by global oil, ngl and natural gas sales volumes.
■daily production - occidental seeks to maximize field operability and minimize production down-time.
financial
■croce - croce is calculated as (i) the cash flows from operating activities, before changes in working capital, plus distributions from wes classified as investing cash flows, divided by (ii) the average of the opening and closing balances of total equity plus total debt.
■credit rating - maintain and improve financial leverage to a level consistent with investment grade credit metrics.
sustainability and environmental
■specific interim emissions reduction and emissions intensity targets to advance the goal of net-zero operational and energy use emissions before 2040, with an ambition to achieve before 2035.
■milestones in specific carbon removal and ccus projects that advance a net-zero total emissions inventory, including use of sold products, with an ambition to achieve before 2050.
■facilitate deployment of carbon removal, ccus and other solutions to advance total carbon impact past 2050.
oil and gas segment business strategy occidental's oil and gas segment focuses on long-term value creation and leadership in sustainability, health, safety and the environment. in each core operating area, occidental's operations benefit from scale, technical expertise, decades of high-margin inventory, environmental and safety leadership and commercial and governmental collaboration. these attributes allow occidental to bring additional production quickly to market, extend the life of older fields at lower costs and provide low-cost returns-driven growth opportunities with advanced technology.
occidental is one of the largest u.s. producers of liquids, which includes oil and ngl, allowing occidental to maximize cash margins on a per barrel basis. the advantages that occidental's portfolio provides, coupled with its advanced subsurface characterization ability and the proven ability to execute, position occidental for full-cycle success in the years ahead. the oil and gas segment maximizes efficiencies to deliver lower breakeven costs and generate excess free cash flow. the oil and gas segment strives to achieve low development and operating costs to maximize full-cycle value of the assets.
the oil and gas business implements occidental's strategy primarily by:
■operating and developing areas where reserves are known to exist and optimizing capital intensity in core areas, primarily in the permian basin, dj basin, gulf of mexico, uae, oman and algeria;
■maintaining a disciplined and prudent approach to capital expenditures with a focus on high-return, short and mid-cycle, cash-flow-generating opportunities and an emphasis on creating value and further enhancing occidental's existing positions;
■focusing occidental's subsurface characterization and technical activities on both conventional and unconventional resources in the permian basin, rockies, gulf of mexico and international;
■using secondary and tertiary recovery techniques in mature fields; and
■focusing on cost-reduction efficiencies and innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions.
in 2023, oil and gas capital expenditures were approximately $5.0 billion and primarily focused on occidental's assets in the permian basin, dj basin, gulf of mexico and oman. in 2024, occidental plans to spend $4.8 billion to $5.0 billion to develop its oil and gas assets, excluding amounts associated with the crownrock acquisition.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis in december 2023, occidental entered into an agreement to purchase crownrock l.p. for total consideration of $12.0 billion. occidental intends to finance the purchase with the issuance of $9.1 billion of new debt, the issuance of approximately $1.7 billion of common equity and the assumption of crownrock's $1.2 billion of existing debt. occidental believes the crownrock acquisition will deliver immediate and significant free cash flow accretion and improve scale in the midland basin, along with a unique opportunity to add to occidental's high-grade u.s. onshore asset portfolio. this free cash flow accretion will also enable occidental to increase its dividend in the near term, and provides high-margin inventory that will support the sustainable growth over time.
on january 19, 2024, occidental and the sellers each received a second request from the ftc in connection with the ftc's review of the crownrock acquisition. a second request extends the waiting period imposed by the hsr act until 30 days after each of occidental and the sellers have substantially complied with the second request issued to them, unless that period is extended voluntarily by occidental and the sellers or terminated sooner by the ftc. occidental and the sellers continue to work constructively with the ftc in its review of the crownrock acquisition, which occidental expects will close in the second half of 2024.
oil and gas price environment oil and gas prices are the major variables that drive the industry's financial performance. the following table presents the average daily wti and brent prices for oil and nymex natural gas prices for 2023 and 2022:
2023                                                     2022       % change wti oil ($/bbl)                     $77.64         $94.23          (18)    %
brent oil ($/bbl)                   $82.25         $98.83          (17)    %
nymex natural gas ($/mcf)            $2.94          $6.35          (54)    %
the following table presents occidental's average realized prices for continuing operations as a percentage of wti, brent and nymex for 2023 and 2022:
2023                                                                   2022
worldwide oil as a percentage of average wti             99   %     100   %
worldwide oil as a percentage of average brent           93   %      95   %
worldwide ngl as a percentage of average wti             27   %      38   %
worldwide ngl as a percentage of average brent           26   %      36   %
domestic natural gas as a percentage of nymex            69   %      86   %
prices and differentials can vary significantly, even on a short-term basis, making it difficult to predict realized prices with a reliable degree of certainty.
domestic interests business review occidental conducts its domestic operations through land leases, subsurface mineral rights it owns, or a combination of both. occidental's domestic oil and gas leases have a primary term ranging from one to 10 years, which is extended through the end of production once it commences. occidental has leasehold and mineral interests in 9.3 million net acres, of which approximately 51% is leased, 48% is owned subsurface mineral rights and 1% is owned land with mineral rights. approximately $4.1 billion to $4.3 billion of occidental's worldwide capital budget is expected to be allocated to its domestic operations in 2024, before the impact of the crownrock acquisition.

management's discussion and analysis domestic assets (a)
1. powder river basin
2. dj basin
3. permian basin
4. gulf of mexico
(a)map represents geographic outlines of the respective basins.
the permian basin the permian basin extends throughout west texas and southeast new mexico and is one of the largest and most active oil basins in the united states, accounting for more than 45% of total united states oil production in 2023. overall in 2023, occidental's production in the permian basin was approximately 584 mboe/d.
occidental manages its permian basin operations through two businesses: permian resources, which includes unconventional opportunities, and permian eor, which utilizes secondary and tertiary recovery techniques. occidental had a leading position in the permian basin, producing approximately 9% of the total oil in the basin in 2023. by exploiting the natural synergies between permian resources and permian eor, occidental is able to deliver unique short- and long-term advantages, efficiencies and expertise across its permian basin operations.
the permian resources unconventional business is focused on developing and producing unconventional reservoir targets using horizontal drilling technology. the development programs are designed to create long-term value from primary development by maximizing the recovery of oil, utilizing sustainable practices and providing strong financial returns. occidental's unconventional oil and gas operations in permian resources include approximately 1.4 million net acres. in 2023, occidental's activities were focused in the core development areas with emphasis on maintaining the industry leading capital intensity through optimized surface infrastructure and customized well designs. overall, in 2023, permian resources produced from approximately 4,520 gross wells and added 265 mmboe to occidental's proved reserves through infill development projects and extensions of proved areas.
the permian basin's concentration of large conventional reservoirs, strong co2 flooding performance and the expansive co2 transportation and processing infrastructure has resulted in decades of high-value enhanced oil production. with 34 active co2 floods and over 50 years of experience, occidental is the industry leader in permian basin co2 flooding, which can increase ultimate oil recovery by 10% to 25%. technology improvements, such as the recent trend toward vertical expansion of the co2 flooded interval into residual oil zone targets, continue to yield more recovery from existing projects. significant opportunities also remain to gain additional recovery by expanding occidental's existing co2 projects into new portions of reservoirs that have only been waterflooded. permian eor has 1.4 million net acres with a large inventory of future co2 projects, which could be developed over the next 20 years or accelerated, depending on market conditions. permian eor produced from approximately 13,000 gross wells in 2023. in 2023, occidental spent approximately $2.8 billion of capital in the permian basin, of which 88% was spent on permian resources assets.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis rockies and other domestic in 2023, occidental produced approximately 271 mboe/d net and spent capital of approximately $0.7 billion in the rockies and other domestic locations. production in the dj basin is derived from approximately 4,050 wells primarily focused in the niobrara and codell formations. the dj basin, including the north dj basin, comprises approximately 0.7 million total net acres and provides competitive economics, low breakeven costs and free cash flow generation through occidental's contiguous acreage position and royalty uplift.
operations in the dj basin are subject to regulations that impose siting requirements, or "setback," on certain oil and gas drilling locations based on the distance of a proposed well pad to occupied structures. occidental has dedicated stakeholder relations team that conducts regulatory and community outreach with respect to its permit applications and operations in colorado with a focus on building trust and fostering open communication with those that live and work near its operations. through thoughtful planning, occidental has established a steady cadence of permit approvals through various agencies, local governments and the ecmc through the demonstration of best-in-class operations mitigations, robust community outreach and protective site selection. in 2023, occidental submitted oil and gas development plans comprising over 200 wells to the ecmc. additionally, during the third quarter of 2022, occidental became the first oil and gas operator in colorado to obtain ecmc approval for the first comprehensive area plan under the new ecmc rules. this comprehensive plan will support nine well pads (approximately 140 new wells) and will provide for substantial future development in a geographically remote are on colorado's eastern plains. it is anticipated that the first oil and gas development plan associated with the comprehensive plan will be heard by the ecmc professional commission during the first quarter of 2024. as of december 31, 2023, occidental was permitted, or had submitted permit applications to applicable regulatory agencies, for nearly all planned 2024 drilling and completions activity in the dj basin. occidental continues to gain efficiencies in the permitting process and will continue to look for additional opportunities to do so in the year ahead.
occidental has interest in over 0.3 million net acres in the powder river basin, mainly located in converse county and campbell county, wyoming. the field contains the turner, niobrara, mowry and parkman formations that hold both liquids and natural gas.
occidental holds approximately 4.6 million net acres in other domestic locations, which consist of acreage and fee minerals outside of occidental's core operated areas including parts of arkansas, colorado, louisiana, texas, west virginia and wyoming.
offshore domestic assets gulf of mexico occidental is the fourth-largest oil and gas producer in the deep-water gulf of mexico, operating 10 strategically located deep-water floating platforms, the highest number among all the deep water operators, and producing from 18 active fields while owning a working interest across 261 blocks, including approximately 0.9 million net acres.
occidental further operates two marine shore-bases in galveston, texas, and port fourchon, louisiana, as well as two helicopter bases in louisiana, providing back-up and redundancy to support its gulf operations. a central logistics base and an integrated training center is located in broussard, louisiana, and gulf of mexico operations and development are managed and supported with engineering and technical staff located in the woodlands, texas.
development projects continued with the strategy of accelerated delivery at horn mountain, lucius, and holstein facilities. drilling and well services also ramped up activities, using one floating drill ship, one platform rig and several service rigs, with a second drillship being contracted in the last two months of the year, initially for well workovers. the marco polo k2 subsea pumping project was successfully started up four months ahead of schedule, enabling increased production and future well development. in 2023, occidental spent $400 million of capital on development projects.
obn seismic projects were further expanded in 2023, including at the k2 field, setting up a runway of future development opportunities. asset development switched to a focus of assessing growth potential from all of its current inventory using secondary recovery techniques and expects to propose new development opportunities beginning around 2025.
in 2023, occidental increased net production to 145 mboe/d from 85 gross wells. occidental focused base production management and artificial lift projects, which successfully reduced reservoir declines. operational excellence and efficiency continued as a core objective in 2023. occidental's gulf of mexico production operations and asset integrity teams continued achieving world class platform operating efficiencies and major equipment uptime in 2023, with major platform and equipment uptimes increasing from 90% to 98%. multiple platform seasonal shut-ins were planned and executed safely and efficiently in 2023 delivering a 40% reduction in numbers of shut-in days as compared to 2019 and steering on course to implement planned shut-ins only once each two years for each facility. in the fourth quarter of 2023, at the request of the main pass oil gathering system operator, occidental temporarily halted certain operations in the eastern gulf of mexico. these operations are expected to be restarted in early 2024.
during 2023, all necessary regulatory permits for new wells and existing operations were obtained timely without any operational delays. occidental was further awarded 11 new leases from boem's lease sale 259. occidental participated in lease sale 261, held on december 20, 2023 and was the apparent high bidder on 49 of 57 total blocks.
occidental's gulf of mexico assets continued to be among the lowest carbon emissions operations in the industry with zero routine flaring and zero cold venting. occidental's gulf of mexico operations were also recognized by the center of offshore safety for its industry award winning 2023 heat stress program and its continued dedication to improving hse.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis the following table shows key areas of ongoing development in the gulf of mexico, along with the corresponding working interest in those areas.
working interest horn mountain                  100       %
holstein                       100       %
marlin                         100       %
lucius                          67       %
k2 complex                      42       %
caesar tonga                    34       %
constellation                   33       %
in 2024, occidental expects to commence new expansions using advanced recovery techniques as well as continuing development of its existing assets across the gulf of mexico that deliver some of the highest margin production in its portfolio. occidental plans to conduct development and exploration activities in 2024 using two floating drill ships and several other well service vessels and continue to optimize its extensive portfolio of lease working interests.
international interests business review occidental conducts its ongoing international operations in two sub-regions: the middle east and north africa. its activities include oil, ngl and natural gas production through direct working-interests, psas and pscs. under the pscs, occidental records a share of production and reserves to recover certain development and production costs and an additional share for profit. these contracts do not transfer any right of ownership to occidental and reserves reported from these arrangements are based on occidental's economic interest as defined in the contracts. occidental's share of production and reserves from these contracts decreases when product prices rise and increases when prices decline. overall, occidental's net economic benefit from these contracts is greater when product prices are higher. approximately $0.5 billion of occidental's worldwide capital budget is expected to be allocated to its international operations in 2024.
middle east / north africa assets
1.algeria
2.oman
3.qatar
4.uae oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis algeria occidental's interest in algeria involves development and production rights in 18 fields within blocks 404a and 208, which are located in the berkine basin in algeria's sahara desert and are governed by an agreement amongst occidental, sonatrach and other partners. occidental is responsible for 35% of the development and production costs. the el merk central processing facility in block 208 processes produced oil, ngl and natural gas, while the hassi berkine south and ourhoud central processing facilities in block 404a process produced oil. the rights to produce from the block 404a and block 208 fields under the new development agreement commenced may 3, 2023 and will continue until 2048.
in 2023, net production in algeria was 32 mboe/d, two gross development wells were drilled and annual net capital expenditures were $30 million.
oman in oman, occidental is the operator of block 9, block 27, block 53 (mukhaizna field), block 62 and block 65 and has additional interests in blocks 30, 51 and 72, which are under the exploration phase. the working interest and contract expiration year for each of the respective blocks are shown in the table below. occidental holds 6.0 million gross acres and has 10,000 potential well inventory locations. in 2023, occidental's share of production was 66 mboe/d.
working interest       block expiration (year)
block 9                               50       %                          2030
block 27                              65       %                          2035
block 53                              47       %                          2035
block 62                             100       %                          2028
block 65                              51       %                          2037
blocks 30, 51 and 72                 100       %             exploration phase occidental has produced over 789 million gross barrels from block 9 since the beginning of its operation through successful exploration, continuous drilling improvements and eor projects. the mukhaizna field in block 53 is a major pattern steam flood project for eor that utilizes some of the largest mechanical vapor compressors ever built. since assuming operations in the mukhaizna field in 2005, occidental has drilled close to 3,600 new wells and has produced over 607 million gross barrels. in 2023, occidental invested capital of $374 million across all of the oman blocks to drill 97 wells and execute facilities projects to support development and eor activities.
in 2024, occidental will continue to enhance production by adding extended and dual laterals, stimulating wells with the oxy jettingtm wellbore stimulation system, and expanding thermal conformance. occidental will also continue to execute projects in oman targeting emissions reductions.
qatar in qatar, occidental partners in the dolphin energy project, an investment that is comprised of two separate economic interests. occidental has a 24.5% interest in the upstream operations to develop and produce ngl, natural gas and condensate from qatar's north field through mid-2032. occidental also has a 24.5% interest in del, which operates a pipeline and is discussed further in the midstream and marketing segment section in this form 10-k under pipeline. in 2023, occidental's net share of production from dolphin was 39 mboe/d.
uae occidental has a 40% participating interest in the shah gas field (al hosn gas), joining with the abu dhabi national oil company, which expires in 2041. in 2023, occidental's net share of production from al hosn gas was 267 mmcf/d of natural gas and 38 mbbl/d of ngl and condensate. al hosn gas includes gas processing facilities which are discussed further in the midstream and marketing segment section in this form 10-k under gas processing, gathering and co2. in 2023, occidental completed an expansion project that commenced in 2022 to increase the production capacity of the al hosn gas processing facilities from 1.28 bcf/d to 1.45 bcf/d.
in 2019 and 2020, occidental acquired 9-year exploration concessions and, subject to a declaration of commerciality, 35-year production concessions for onshore block 3 and block 5, which cover an area approximately 1.5 million acres and 1.0 million acres, respectively, and are adjacent to al hosn gas. in 2023, occidental commenced first oil production in onshore block 3. in 2024, occidental will continue further exploration and appraisal activities in onshore block 3 and block 5.

management's discussion and analysis natural gas prices used for this purpose were based on posted benchmark prices and adjusted for price differentials including gravity, quality and transportation costs.
the following table shows the 2023, 2022 and 2021 calculated first-day-of-the-month average prices for both wti and brent oil prices, as well as the henry hub gas prices:
2023                                                           2022            2021
wti oil ($/bbl)                           $78.22         $93.67          $66.56
brent oil ($/bbl)                         $82.80         $97.77          $69.24
henry hub natural gas ($/mmbtu)            $2.64          $6.36           $3.60
mt. belvieu ngl ($/bbl)                   $29.94         $47.81          $44.22
occidental had proved reserves from continuing operations at year-end 2023 of 3,982 mmboe, compared to the year-end 2022 amount of 3,817 mmboe. proved developed reserves represented approximately 69% and 71% of occidental's total proved reserves at year-end 2023 and 2022, respectively. the following table shows the breakout of occidental's proved reserves from continuing operations by commodity as a percentage of total proved reserves:
2023               2022
oil                         49   %             50   %
ngl                         24   %             22   %
natural gas                 27   %             28   %
occidental does not have any reserves from non-traditional sources. for further information regarding occidental's proved reserves, see the supplemental oil and gas information section in item 8 of this form 10-k.
changes in proved reserves changes in occidental's 2023 reserves were as follows:
mmboe                                                 2023
revisions of previous estimates                     406
improved recovery                                    23
extensions and discoveries                          153
purchases                                            31
sales                                               (2)
production                                        (446)
total                                               165
occidental's ability to add reserves, other than through purchases, depends on the success of infill development, extension, discovery and improved recovery projects, each of which depends on reservoir characteristics, technology improvements and oil and natural gas prices, as well as capital and operating costs. many of these factors are outside management's control and may negatively or positively affect occidental's reserves.
revisions of previous estimates revisions can include upward or downward changes to previous proved reserve estimates for existing fields due to the evaluation or interpretation of geologic, production decline or operating performance data. in addition, product price changes affect proved reserves recorded by occidental. for example, lower prices may decrease the economically recoverable reserves, particularly for domestic properties, because the reduced margin limits the expected life of the operations. offsetting this effect, lower prices increase occidental's share of proved reserves under pscs because more oil is required to recover costs. conversely, when prices rise, occidental's share of proved reserves decreases for pscs and economically recoverable reserves may increase for other operations. reserve estimation rules require that estimated ultimate recoveries be much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease, as changes are made due to increased availability of technical data.
in 2023, occidental's revisions of previous estimates of proved reserves were positive 406 mmboe. these revisions were primarily due to 303 mmboe of positive revisions related to additions associated with infill development projects, mainly in the dj basin (138 mmboe), the permian basin (132 mmboe) and algeria (26 mmboe). further positive revisions of 192 mmboe were primarily associated with updates based on operating cost models (120 mmboe), reservoir performance (47
38       oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis mmboe), and the algeria contract extension (44 mmboe). the positive revisions were partially offset by negative revisions associated with management changes in development plans and interest related revisions (16 mmboe).
this was partially offset by 89 mmboe of negative price revisions. the negative price revisions were primarily associated with the permian basin (91 mmboe) and the dj basin (5 mmboe), which were partially offset by positive price revisions of 13 mmboe on international pscs.
improved recovery in 2023, occidental added proved reserves of 23 mmboe related to improved recovery in oman (14 mmboe) and permian eor (9 mmboe). these properties comprise conventional projects, which are characterized by the deployment of eor development methods, largely employing application of co2 flood, waterflood or steam flood. these types of conventional eor development methods can be applied through existing wells, though additional drilling is frequently required to fully optimize the development configuration. waterflooding is the technique of injecting water into the formation to displace the oil to the offsetting oil production wells. the use of either co2 or steam flooding depends on the geology of the formation, the evaluation of engineering data, availability and cost of either co2 or steam and other economic factors. both techniques work similarly to lower viscosity causing the oil to move more easily to the producing wells.
extensions and discoveries occidental also added proved reserves from extensions and discoveries, which are dependent on successful exploration and exploitation programs. in 2023, extensions and discoveries added 153 mmboe primarily related to the recognition of proved reserves in the permian basin (133 mmboe) and gulf of mexico (11 mmboe).
purchases of proved reserves in 2023, occidental purchased proved reserves of 31 mmboe primarily consisting of proved reserves in the dj basin.
sales of proved reserves in 2023, occidental sold 2 mmboe in proved reserves related to the divestitures of certain non-strategic assets in the permian basin.
proved undeveloped reserves occidental had pud reserves at year-end 2023 of 1,232 mmboe, compared to the year-end 2022 amount of 1,119 mmboe.
changes in pud reserves were as follows:
mmboe                                                       2023
revisions of previous estimates                           242
improved recovery                                           8
extensions and discoveries                                 96
purchases                                                  25
sales                                                       -
transfer to proved developed reserves                   (258)
total                                                     113
revisions of previous estimates were a positive 242 mmboe. approximately 275 mmboe of the positive revisions were related to additions associated with infill development projects located primarily in the dj basin (125 mmboe), the permian basin (119 mmboe) and algeria (25 mmboe). the positive revisions were partially offset by negative other revisions associated primarily with management changes in development plans and the algeria contract extension (19 mmboe). additionally, the revisions included negative price revisions of 14 mmboe. the negative price revisions were primarily associated with the permian basin.
extensions and discoveries added 96 mmboe primarily related to the recognition of proved reserves in the permian basin (80 mmboe) and gulf of mexico (10 mmboe). total improved recovery additions of 8 mmboe were the result of implementing secondary and tertiary projects in international assets. the 2023 additions to pud reserves were partially offset by transfers to proved developed reserves of 258 mmboe. the transfers were primarily associated with the permian basin (151 mmboe), the dj basin (62 mmboe) and uae (29 mmboe).
in 2023, occidental incurred approximately $1.6 billion to convert pud reserves to proved developed reserves, and in 2023 occidental converted approximately 23% of its pud reserves to proved developed, when adjusted for revisions and sales. as of december 31, 2023, occidental had 1,232 mmboe of pud reserves of which 75% were associated with domestic onshore, 5% with gulf of mexico and 20% with international assets. occidental's most active development areas are located in the permian basin, which represented 50% of the pud reserves as of december 31, 2023. occidental's total oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis planned 2024 capital expenditures for oil and gas are between $4.8 billion and $5.0 billion. overall, occidental plans to spend approximately $5.5 billion over the next five years to develop its pud reserves in the permian basin.
pud reserves are supported by a five-year detailed field-level development plan, which includes the timing, location and capital commitment of the wells to be drilled. only pud reserves which are reasonably certain to be drilled within five years of booking and are supported by a final investment decision to drill them are included in the development plan. a portion of the pud reserves are expected to be developed beyond the five years and are tied to approved long-term development projects.
as of december 31, 2023, occidental had 212 mmboe of pre-2019 pud reserves that remained undeveloped. these pud reserves relate to approved long-term development plans, 165 mmboe of which are primarily associated with international development projects with physical limitations in existing gas processing capacity and 47 mmboe of which are related to approved long-term development plans for permian eor projects, also with physical limitations in existing gas processing capacity. occidental remains committed to these projects and continues to actively progress the development of these volumes. in addition to the above, occidental has 29 mmboe of pud reserves that are scheduled to be developed more than five years from their initial date of booking. these pud reserves are related to approved long-term development plans, 18 mmboe of which are associated with international development projects and 11 mmboe with the gulf of mexico projects.
reserves evaluation and review process occidental's estimates of proved reserves and associated future net cash flows as of december 31, 2023, were made by occidental's technical personnel and are the responsibility of management. the estimation of proved reserves is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty of economic producibility and funding commitments by occidental to develop the reserves. this process involves reservoir engineers, geoscientists, planning engineers and financial analysts. as part of the proved reserves estimation process, all reserve volumes are estimated by a forecast of production rates, operating costs and capital expenditures. price differentials between benchmark prices (the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the year) and realized prices and specifics of each operating agreement are then used to estimate the net reserves. production rate forecasts are derived by a number of methods, including estimates from decline curve analysis, type well profile analysis, computer simulation of the reservoir performance, volumetric analysis and material balance calculations that take into account the volumes of substances replacing the volumes produced and associated reservoir pressure changes supported by various technologies including seismic analysis. these reliable field-tested technologies have demonstrated reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. operating and capital costs are forecast using the current cost environment applied to expectations of future operating and development activities.
net proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods for which the incremental cost of any additional required investment is relatively minor.
net pud reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. pud reserves are supported by a five-year, detailed, field-level development plan, which includes the timing, location and capital commitment of the wells to be drilled. the development plan is reviewed and approved annually by senior management and technical personnel. annually, a detailed review is performed by occidental's corporate reserves group and its technical personnel on a lease-by-lease basis to assess whether pud reserves are being converted on a timely basis within five years from the initial disclosure date. any leases not showing timely transfers from pud reserves to proved developed reserves are reviewed by senior management to determine if the remaining reserves will be developed in a timely manner and have sufficient capital committed in the development plan. only pud reserves that are reasonably certain to be drilled within five years of booking and are supported by a final investment decision to drill them are included in the development plan. a portion of the pud reserves associated with international operations are expected to be developed beyond the five years and are tied to approved long-term development plans.
the current senior vice president, reserves for oxy oil and gas is responsible for overseeing the preparation of reserve estimates, in compliance with sec rules and regulations, including the internal audit and review of occidental's oil and gas reserves data. he has over 40 years of experience in the upstream sector of the exploration and production business and has held various assignments in north america, asia and europe. he is a three-time past chair of the society of petroleum engineers oil and gas reserves committee. he is an aapg certified petroleum geologist and currently serves on the aapg committee on resource evaluation. he is a member of the society of petroleum evaluation engineers, the colorado school of mines potential gas committee and the united nations economic commission for europe expert group on resource management. he has bachelor of science and master of science degrees in geology from emory university in atlanta.
occidental has a reserves committee, consisting of senior corporate officers, to review and approve occidental's oil and gas reserves. the reserves committee reports to the audit committee of occidental's board of directors during the year. since 2003, occidental has retained ryder scott, independent petroleum engineering consultants, to review its annual oil and gas reserve estimation processes. for additional reserves information, see supplemental oil and gas information under item 8 of this form 10-k.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis in 2023, ryder scott conducted a process review of the methods and analytical procedures utilized by occidental's engineering and geological staff for estimating the proved reserves volumes, preparing the economic evaluations and determining the reserves classifications as of december 31, 2023, in accordance with sec regulatory standards. ryder scott reviewed the specific application of such methods and procedures for selected oil and gas properties considered to be a valid representation of occidental's 2023 year-end total proved reserves portfolio. in 2023, ryder scott reviewed approximately 44% of occidental's proved oil and gas reserves. since being engaged in 2003, ryder scott has reviewed the specific application of occidental's reserve estimation methods and procedures for approximately 97% of occidental's existing proved oil and gas reserves.
management retained ryder scott to provide objective third-party input on its methods and procedures and to gather industry information applicable to occidental's reserve estimation and reporting process. ryder scott has not been engaged to render an opinion as to the reasonableness of reserves quantities reported by occidental. occidental has filed ryder scott's independent report as an exhibit to this form 10-k.
based on its reviews, including the data, technical processes and interpretations presented by occidental, ryder scott has concluded that the overall procedures and methodologies occidental utilized in estimating the proved reserves volumes, preparing the economic evaluations and determining the reserves classifications for the reviewed properties are appropriate for the purpose thereof and comply with current sec regulations.
outlook the oil and gas exploration and production industry is highly competitive, is subject to significant volatility due to various market conditions and operations are highly dependent on oil prices and, to a lesser extent, ngl and natural gas prices. oil prices decreased in 2023. in 2023, as compared to 2022, the average annual price per barrel of wti crude decreased to $77.64 from $94.23, the average annual brent price per barrel decreased to $82.25 from $98.83 and the average annual nymex natural gas price per mmcf decreased to $2.94 from $6.35.
oil prices will continue to be affected by: (i) global supply and demand, which are generally a function of global economic conditions, inventory levels, production or supply chain disruptions, technological advances, regional market conditions and the actions of opec, other significant producers and governments; (ii) transportation capacity, infrastructure constraints, and costs in producing areas; (iii) currency exchange rates and inflation rates; and (iv) the effect of changes in these variables on market perceptions. it is expected that the price of oil will be volatile for the foreseeable future given the current geopolitical risks, the ongoing global impact of the russia-ukraine war and conflicts in the middle east, the evolving macro-economic environment and supply activity from opec and non-opec oil producing countries and the biden administration's releases from the u.s, strategic petroleum reserve. occidental does not operate or own assets in either russia or ukraine, or in the immediate vicinity of ongoing conflicts in the middle east.
ngl prices are related to the supply and demand for the components of products making up these liquids. some of them more typically correlate to the price of oil while others are affected by natural gas prices as well as the demand for certain chemical products for which they are used as feedstock. in addition, infrastructure constraints magnify the pricing volatility from region to region.
domestic natural gas prices and local differentials are strongly affected by local supply and demand fundamentals, as well as government regulations, global lng demand and availability of transportation capacity from producing areas.
these and other factors make it difficult to predict the future direction of oil, ngl and domestic gas prices reliably. for purposes of the current capital plan, occidental will continue to focus on allocating capital to high return assets with the flexibility to adjust based on fluctuations in commodity prices. international gas prices are generally fixed under long-term contracts. occidental continues to adjust capital expenditures in line with current economic conditions, such as supply chain constraints, rising interest rates, global logistics and high inflation, which has continued to disrupt global supply and demand balances, with the goal of keeping returns well above its cost of capital.
the timing, process and ultimate cost to transition to a less carbon-intensive economy remains largely unknown; various industry forecasts indicate a growing demand for hydrocarbons for the remainder of the current decade. occidental believes its operational flexibility to achieve low development and operating costs to maximize full-cycle value of its assets and its knowledge and experience in co2 separation, transportation, use, recycling and storage position its oil and gas segment to support occidental's transition to net zero as well as create opportunities in a low-carbon future.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis chemical segment business strategy oxychem concentrates on the chlorovinyls chain, beginning with the co-production of caustic soda and chlorine. caustic soda and chlorine are marketed to external customers. in addition, chlorine, together with ethylene, is converted through a series of intermediate products into pvc. oxychem seeks to be a low-cost producer in order to generate cash flow in excess of its normal capital expenditure requirements and achieve above-cost-of-capital returns. oxychem's focus on chlorovinyls allows it to maximize the benefits of integration and take advantage of economies of scale. capital is employed to sustain production capacity and to focus on projects and developments designed to improve the competitiveness of segment assets. acquisitions and plant development opportunities may be pursued when they are expected to enhance the existing core chlor-alkali and pvc businesses or take advantage of other specific opportunities. the expansion and conversion of the battleground chlor-alkali plant to membrane technology commenced in 2023 with completion expected in 2026. in 2023, capital expenditures for oxychem totaled $535 million.
business environment although the united states economic growth was slightly higher than that of 2022, demand for domestically produced products decreased, including liquid caustic soda and pvc. high global inflationary pressures resulted in slowing demand for many products, as ethylene and energy costs remained advantaged over global pricing. caustic soda prices were lower in 2023 and pvc pricing decreased slightly in 2023 after moving downward significantly during the second half of 2022, as supply chain constraints, high interest rates, global logistics and high inflation continued to disrupt global supply and demand balances.
business review basic chemicals chlor-alkali operating rates decreased in 2023 as global demand weakened in the face of inflationary pressures. as a result of weakening demand in most segments, pricing and margins declined across the year, and most notably on alkali products.
vinyls domestic pvc demand softened for a second consecutive year in 2023, resulting in a 13% year over year decrease in demand. to offset domestic losses and maintain utilization rates, usgc export volume increased by 30% compared to 2022. year over year industry operating rates were down 1% in 2023 due to weak global market conditions. high interest rates, slowing housing starts, and inflation continue to keep a ceiling on domestic pvc demand. pvc exports represented 36% of total north american sales in 2023 compared to 27% in 2022.
outlook industry performance will depend on the health of the global economy. response to inflation will continue to control the housing and construction sectors during 2024. product margins will depend on market supply and demand balances, feedstock and energy prices, supply chain interruptions, labor constraints and inflation. sustained strong performance in the petroleum industry should strengthen the demand and margins for some of occidental's products that are consumed by industry participants. u.s. commodity export markets could be impacted by the relative strength of the u.s. dollar. approximately $0.7 billion of occidental's worldwide capital budget is expected to be allocated to oxychem in 2024.
basic chemicals demand for basic chemicals is expected to improve moderately in 2024. demand in most market segments is expected to follow the trend of the general economy throughout 2024. demand for chlorine and derivatives should show gradual improvement across the year as both domestic and international growth slowly returns in most segments. demand for alkali products should increase in 2024, as demand rebounds in all major segments, including pulp and paper, industrial, and alumina markets.
vinyls single family housing starts steadily improved throughout 2023, offset by a declining multi-family housing market. total housing starts are expected to be relatively flat next year, which will have little positive impact to domestic pvc demand in 2024. however, domestic infrastructure projects and recovering global demand are expected to slightly boost overall pvc demand year over year in 2024. new domestic pvc capacity will come online during 2024, which may have a negative impact on prices as the new production is placed into a bearish pvc market.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis midstream and marketing segment business strategy the midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize value by optimizing the use of its gathering, processing, transportation, storage and terminal commitments and by providing the oil and gas segment access to domestic and international markets. to generate returns, the segment evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to occidental's subsidiaries, as well as third parties. the midstream and marketing segment operates or contracts for services on gathering systems, gas plants, co-generation facilities and storage facilities and invests in entities that conduct similar activities.
this segment also seeks to minimize the costs of gas and power used in occidental's various businesses. also included in the midstream and marketing segment is olcv. olcv seeks to leverage occidental's carbon management expertise through the development of ccus projects, and invests in emerging low-carbon technologies that are expected to reduce occidental's carbon footprint and enable others to do the same. capital is employed to sustain or expand assets to improve the competitiveness of occidental's businesses. in 2023, capital expenditures related to the midstream and marketing segment totaled $656 million, the majority of which were related to the construction of stratos.
business environment midstream and marketing segment earnings are affected by the performance of its various businesses, including its marketing, gathering and transportation, gas processing and power-generation assets. the marketing business aggregates, markets and stores occidental and third-party volumes. marketing performance is affected primarily by commodity price changes and margins in oil and gas transportation and storage programs. the marketing business results can experience significant volatility depending on commodity prices and the midland-to-gulf-coast oil spreads. the midland-to-gulf-coast oil spreads have decreased from an average of $0.36 per barrel in 2022 to $0.21 per barrel in 2023. a $0.25 change in the midland-to-gulf-coast oil spreads impacts total year operating cash flows by approximately $65 million. gas gathering, processing and transportation results are affected by fluctuations in commodity prices and the volumes that are processed and transported through the segment's plants, as well as the margins obtained on related services from investments in which occidental has an equity interest.
business review marketing the marketing group markets substantially all of occidental's oil, ngl and natural gas production and optimizes its transportation and storage capacity. occidental's third-party marketing activities focus on purchasing oil, ngl and natural gas for resale from parties whose oil and gas supply is located near its transportation and storage capacity. these purchases allow occidental to aggregate volumes to better utilize and optimize its assets. in 2023, compared to the prior year, marketing results were impacted by the timing of crude oil sales, partially offset by higher gas marketing margin from transportation capacity optimization.
delivery and transportation commitments occidental has made long-term commitments to certain refineries and other buyers to deliver oil, ngl and natural gas. the total amount contracted to be delivered is approximately 58 mmbbl of oil through 2025, 795 mmbbl of ngl through 2034 and 812 bcf of gas through 2029. the price for these deliveries is set at the time of delivery of the product.
occidental has crude pipeline take-or-pay capacity of approximately 850 mbbl/d to the gulf coast, leased crude storage capacity of approximately 10 mmbbl and capacity at the crude terminal of approximately 525 mbbl/d. certain of occidental's crude pipeline take-or-pay agreements expire in 2025 and its midstream business is well-positioned to benefit from potential reductions in crude oil transportation rates from the permian to the gulf coast.
pipeline occidental's pipeline business mainly consists of its 24.5% ownership interest in del. del owns and operates a 230-mile-long, 48-inch-diameter natural gas pipeline, known as the dolphin pipeline, which transports dry natural gas from qatar to the uae and oman. the dolphin pipeline has capacity to transport up to 3.2 bcf/d and currently transports approximately 2.0 bcf/d and up to 2.2 bcf/d in the summer months.
gas processing, gathering and co2
occidental processes its own and third-party domestic wet gas to extract ngl and other gas byproducts, including co2 and delivers dry gas to pipelines. margins primarily result from the difference between inlet costs of wet gas and market prices for ngl.

management's discussion and analysis significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k for more information regarding occidental's equity method investment in wes. wes owns gathering systems, plants and pipelines and earns revenue from fee-based and service-based contracts with occidental and third parties.
occidental's 40% participating interest in al hosn gas also includes sour gas processing facilities that are designed to process 1.45 bcf/d of natural gas and separate it into salable gas, condensate, ngl and sulfur. in 2023, the project produced 666 mmcf/d of natural gas, 95 mbbl/d of ngl and condensate, and 12,450 tons/d of sulfur, of which occidental's net share was 267 mmcf/d of natural gas, 38 mbbl/d of ngl and condensate and 4,980 tons/d of sulfur.
in 2023, compared to the prior year, gas processing, gathering and co2 results decreased primarily due to lower sulfur and ngl prices.
power generation facilities earnings from power and steam generation facilities are derived from sales to affiliates and third parties.
low-carbon ventures olcv was formed to execute on occidental's vision to reduce global emissions and provide a more sustainable future through the development of low-carbon energy and products. olcv capitalizes on occidental's extensive experience in utilizing co2 in its development of ccus projects and providing services to third parties to facilitate the implementation of their ccus projects. moreover, olcv is fostering emerging technologies, including dac and low-carbon power sources, and other business models with the potential to position occidental as a leader in the production of low-carbon energy and products.
occidental has developed standards and protocols recognized by the epa for monitoring, reporting and verifying the amount, safety and permanence of co2 stored through secure geologic sequestration. occidental holds four epa-approved monitoring, reporting and verification plans for geologic sequestration through eor production. olcv has acquired access to over 300,000 acres of pore space to date, and has commenced permitting of class vi co2 sequestration wells with the epa with the intention of developing five sequestration hubs on this acreage.
in march 2019, olcv acquired an interest in net power, then a limited liability company based in durham, north carolina. net power is developing a low-cost, natural gas electric power system that generates near-zero emissions and inherently captures all co2, unlocking the potential to produce electricity at a lower cost than existing power plants. in june 2023, olcv invested an additional $351 million in net power as part of net power's merger with a special purpose acquisition company. net power inc. is currently traded on the nyse under the symbol "npwr."
in may 2023, occidental began the construction of stratos, the world's largest direct air capture plant in ector county, texas. the facility, which uses carbon engineering's technology, is expected to be commercially operational in mid-2025. in november 2023, occidental entered into a joint venture agreement with blackrock, through a fund managed by its diversified infrastructure business, for the development of stratos. the agreement provides $550 million of committed investment from blackrock's fund.
in august 2023, occidental entered into an agreement with carbon engineering ltd., its equity method investee, to purchase the remaining 68% interest not already owned by occidental or its affiliates for total cash consideration of approximately $1.1 billion, resulting in carbon engineering becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of occidental. because occidental acquired control of carbon engineering in the 2023 purchase, occidental remeasured its previously held 32% equity interest at its acquisition-date fair value and recognized a gain of $283 million. the purchase price will be made in three approximately equal annual payments, with the first payment made at closing. this transaction closed on november 3, 2023, and occidental made the first payment of $349 million. the remaining two payments will be paid on the first and second anniversaries of closing. with this purchase occidental intends to accelerate technological innovation and cost reductions in carbon engineering's direct air capture technology. the transaction qualifies as a business combination and was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting.
olcv is also currently conducting front-end engineering design work and feasibility studies on a number of projects to capture and sequester co2, either from the atmosphere or from industrial point sources. the profitability of sequestration projects is dependent upon the costs of developing, building and operating sequestration infrastructure, demand for sequestration services from emitters and the availability of certain tax attributes and credits generated from the capture and storage of co2.
in august 2022, congress passed the inflation reduction act that contains, among other provisions, certain tax incentives related to climate change and clean energy. these incentives may attract more third-party investment of olcv's projects which may help accelerate certain projects. the ultimate impact of the inflation reduction act on occidental's emerging low-carbon businesses and net-zero pathway will depend on a number of factors, interpretations and assumptions as well as additional regulatory guidance.
outlook midstream and marketing segment results can experience volatility depending on commodity price changes, demand impacting export sales and the midland-to-gulf-coast oil spreads. gas gathering, processing and transportation results are affected by fluctuations in commodity prices and the volumes that are processed and transported through the segment's plants, as well as the margins obtained on related services from investments in which occidental has an equity interest.
44       oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis throughout 2023, the u.s. experienced economy-wide cost increases, which could increase the cost of sequestration and other low-carbon projects. in 2023, increased interest from third parties in providing sequestration services or purchasing carbon credits indicated a growing market for olcv products and services. additionally, grants, credits and other tax-advantaged low-carbon attributes continue to be actively discussed at both state and federal levels. these trends of increasing interest from third parties and funding at state and federal levels are expected to continue, which occidental believes will enhance the economics of ccus projects.
approximately $0.8 billion of occidental's worldwide capital budget is expected to be allocated to its midstream and marketing operations in 2024.
segment results of operations and items affecting comparability segment results of operations segment earnings exclude income taxes, interest income, interest expense, environmental remediation expenses, unallocated corporate expenses and discontinued operations, but include gains and losses from divestitures of segment assets and income from the segments' equity investments. seasonality is not a primary driver of changes in occidental's consolidated quarterly earnings during the year.
the following table sets forth the sales and earnings of each operating segment and corporate items for the years ended december 31:
millions, except per share amounts                                      2023            2022            2021
net sales (a)
oil and gas                                                      $21,284         $27,165         $18,941
chemical                                                           5,321           6,757           5,246
midstream and marketing                                            2,551           4,136           2,863
eliminations                                                       (899)         (1,424)         (1,094)
total                                                            $28,257         $36,634         $25,956
segment results and earnings domestic                                                          $4,822         $10,439          $2,900
international                                                      1,859           2,580           1,497
exploration                                                        (441)           (216)           (252)
oil and gas                                                        6,240          12,803           4,145
chemical                                                           1,531           2,508           1,544
midstream and marketing                                               24             273             257
total                                                             $7,795         $15,584          $5,946
unallocated corporate items interest expense, net                                              (945)         (1,030)         (1,614)
income tax expense                                               (1,733)           (813)           (915)
other                                                              (421)           (437)           (627)
income from continuing operations                                 $4,696         $13,304          $2,790
discontinued operations, net                                           -               -           (468)
net income                                                         4,696          13,304           2,322
less: preferred stock dividends and redemption premiums            (923)           (800)           (800)
net income attributable to common stockholders                    $3,773         $12,504          $1,522
net income attributable to common stockholders-basic               $4.22          $13.41           $1.62
net income attributable to common stockholders-diluted             $3.90          $12.40           $1.58
(a)intersegment sales eliminate upon consolidation and are generally made at prices approximating those that the selling entity would be able to obtain in third-party transactions.

management's discussion and analysis items affecting comparability oil and gas segment results of operations millions                                                          2023            2022            2021
segment sales                                              $21,284         $27,165         $18,941
segment results (a)
domestic                                                    $4,822         $10,439          $2,900
international                                                1,859           2,580           1,497
exploration                                                  (441)           (216)           (252)
total                                                       $6,240         $12,803          $4,145
items affecting comparability asset sale gains, net - domestic (b)                          $142            $148             $27
asset sale gains, net - international (c)                      $25             $55             $43
asset impairments and related items - domestic (d)          $(209)              $-          $(282)
oil, natural gas and co2 mark-to-market losses                  $-              $-          $(280)
legal settlement gain                                          $26              $-              $-
(a)results included significant items affecting comparability discussed in the footnotes below.
(b)the 2023 and 2022 amounts included gains on sales primarily related to certain non-strategic assets in the permian basin of $142 million and $148 million, respectively. the 2021 amount included $27 million in post-closing consideration earned from 2020 asset sales as a result of certain production and pricing targets being met.
(c)the 2023, 2022 and 2021 amounts of $25 million, $55 million and $43 million, respectively, included post-closing consideration earned as a result of certain production and pricing targets being met as well as the closing of the sale of certain assets that were negotiated with the 2020 colombia divestiture.
(d)the 2023 amount includes a pre-tax impairment of $180 million related to undeveloped acreage in the northern non-core area of the powder river basin where occidental decided not to pursue future exploration and appraisal activities as well as a $29 million impairment related to an equity method investment in black butte coal company. the 2021 amount included $282 million of asset impairments primarily related to undeveloped leases that either expired or were set to expire in the near term where occidental had no plans to pursue exploration activities.
46       oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis domestic oil and gas results, excluding significant items affecting comparability, decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to lower realized oil, ngl and natural gas prices and higher lease operating costs partially offset by higher sales volumes across all commodities. international oil and gas results, excluding significant items affecting comparability, decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to lower oil prices.
average realized prices the following table sets forth the average realized prices for oil, ngl and natural gas from ongoing operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2023, and includes a year-over-year change calculation:
2023                                               year over year change            2022         year over year change            2021
average realized prices oil ($/bbl)
united states                    $76.42                            (19)%      $94.12                               42%      $66.39
international                    $79.03                            (17)%      $95.46                               47%      $65.08
total worldwide                  $76.85                            (19)%      $94.36                               43%      $66.14
ngl ($/bbl)
united states                    $20.19                            (43)%      $35.69                               17%      $30.62
international                    $29.35                            (14)%      $34.09                               30%      $26.13
total worldwide                  $21.32                            (40)%      $35.48                               18%      $30.01
natural gas ($/mcf)
united states                     $2.04                            (63)%       $5.48                               66%       $3.30
international                     $1.88                             (1)%       $1.89                               12%       $1.69
total worldwide                   $2.00                            (56)%       $4.51                               57%       $2.87
realized price and sales volume variance the following table presents an analysis of the impacts of changes in average realized prices and sales volumes with regard to occidental's domestic and international oil and gas revenue:
increase (decrease) related to millions                                    year ended december 31, 2022   (a)         price realizations                               net sales volumes                 year ended december 31, 2023   (a)
united states revenue oil                                                  $17,421                           $(3,454)                                              $926                                  $14,893
ngl                                                    2,631                           (1,239)                                                227                                    1,619
natural gas                                            2,422                           (1,629)                                                177                                      970
total                                                $22,474                           $(6,322)                                            $1,330                                  $17,482
international revenue oil (b)                                               $3,935                           $(411)                                              $(467)                                   $3,057
ngl                                                      421                           (52)                                                     3                                      372
natural gas                                              311                           (1)                                                     25                                      335
total                                                 $4,667                           $(464)                                              $(439)                                   $3,764
(a)    excludes "other" oil and gas revenue. see note 2 - revenue in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information regarding other revenue.
(b)    includes the impact of international production sharing contracts, along with the net sales volume impact from the new algeria development agreement which took affect may 3, 2023.

management's discussion and analysis production the following table sets forth the production volumes of oil, ngl and natural gas per day from ongoing operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2023, and includes a year-over-year change calculation:
production per day, ongoing operations (mboe/d)              2023         year over year change          2022         year over year change          2021
united states permian                                                   584                      14         %       513                       5         %       487
rockies &amp; other domestic                              271                     (2)         %       277                     (8)         %       302
gulf of mexico                                            145                     (1)         %       147                       2         %       144
total                                                   1,000                       7         %       937                       -         %       933
international algeria &amp; other international                          35                    (26)         %        47                       7         %        44
al hosn gas                                                83                      14         %        73                     (4)         %        76
dolphin                                                    39                       5         %        37                     (8)         %        40
oman                                                       66                       2         %        65                    (12)         %        74
total                                                     223                       -         %       222                     (5)         %       234
total production from ongoing operations                1,223                       6         %     1,159                     (1)         %     1,167
operations exited (a)                                       -                       -         %         -                   (100)         %        16
total production (mboe/d) (b)                           1,223                       6         %     1,159                     (2)         %     1,183
(a)operations exited include the ghana assets (sold in october 2021).
(b)natural gas volumes have been converted to boe based on energy content of six mcf of gas to one barrel of oil. boe equivalent does not necessarily result in price equivalency. please refer to the supplemental oil and gas information (unaudited) section of this form 10-k for additional information on oil and gas production and sales.
average daily production volumes from ongoing operations increased by 6% in 2023 as compared to 2022. the increase in production was primarily due to increased development activity in the permian basin, and the completion of the expansion project that increased the production capacity of the al hosn gas processing facilities from 1.28 bcf/d to 1.45 bcf/d. which was partially offset by a decrease in oil production in algeria resulting from new development agreement fiscal terms, which took effect may 3, 2023.
lease operating expense the following table sets forth the average lease operating expense per boe from ongoing operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2023:
2023                                                                  2022          2021
average lease operating expense per boe            $10.48        $9.52         $7.58
average lease operating expense per boe increased in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily as a result of higher workover and maintenance activity in occidental's domestic operations.
chemical segment millions                         2023            2022            2021
segment sales              $5,321          $6,757          $5,246
segment results            $1,531          $2,508          $1,544
chemical segment results decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, driven primarily by lower realized pvc pricing as well as lower sales volumes due to decreased demand across most product lines, partially offset by lower ethylene and energy costs.
48       oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis midstream and marketing segment millions                                                    2023   2022            2021
segment sales                                         $2,551       $4,136          $2,863
segment results (a)                                      $24       $273            $257
items affecting comparability asset sales gains and others, net (b)                    $51       $98             $124
derivative losses, net (c)                             $(14)       $(259)          $(252)
asset impairments and other charges, net (c)           $(60)       $-              $(21)
acquisition-related costs                              $(20)       $-              $-
carbon engineering fair value gain(d)                   $283       $-              $-
(a)results included significant items affecting comparability discussed in the footnotes below.
(b)the 2023, 2022 and 2021 amounts included gains on sale of $51 million, $62 million and $102 million, respectively, from the sales of 5.1 million, 10.0 million and 11.5 million limited partner units in wes, respectively, the 2022 amount also included a $36 million gain on sale of a joint venture.
(c)the 2023 amount included derivative losses and charges reported under income from equity investments and other in the consolidated condensed statement of operations.
(d)the 2023 amount included a gain of $283 million from the remeasurement of the non-controlling interest held prior to the carbon engineering acquisition to fair value and acquisition-related costs of $20 million.
midstream and marketing segment results, excluding items affecting comparability, decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, and was primarily driven by lower crude margins due to the timing of crude sales in the marketing business and lower ngl and sulfur prices impacting gas processing, increased activities in the low-carbon ventures businesses, and lower equity method investment income from wes.
corporate significant corporate items include the following:
millions                                        2023                 2022            2021
items affecting comparability maxus environmental reserve adjustment(a)       $260            $(22)              $-
acquisition-related costs(b)                    $(6)            $(89)          $(153)
interest rate swap gains, net (c)               $-               $317            $122
early debt extinguishment                       $-               $149          $(118)
(a)the 2023 amount related to a $260 million remeasurement of the valuation allowance established against occidental's claims against maxus.
(b)the 2023 amount related to costs incurred for the crownrock acquisition and 2022 and 2021 amounts related to anadarko acquisition.
(c)see note 8 - derivatives in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k for more information.

management's discussion and analysis income taxes total deferred tax assets, after valuation allowance, were $2.0 billion and $2.2 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. occidental expects to realize the recorded deferred tax assets, net of any allowances, through future operating income and reversal of temporary differences. the total deferred tax liabilities were $7.7 billion as of december 31, 2023 and 2022. see more discussion below.
worldwide effective tax rate the following table sets forth the calculation of the worldwide effective tax rate for income from continuing operations:
millions                                                       2023            2022            2021
segment results oil and gas                                              $6,240         $12,803          $4,145
chemical                                                  1,531           2,508           1,544
midstream and marketing                                      24             273             257
unallocated corporate items                             (1,366)         (1,467)         (2,241)
income from continuing operations before taxes           $6,429         $14,117          $3,705
income tax benefit (expense)
federal and state                                         (975)             248           (247)
foreign                                                   (758)         (1,061)           (668)
total income tax expense                                (1,733)           (813)           (915)
income from continuing operations                        $4,696         $13,304          $2,790
worldwide effective tax rate                                    27%              6%             25%
in 2023, occidental's worldwide effective tax rate was 27%, which was higher than the u.s. statutory rate of 21% and primarily driven by occidental's jurisdictional mix of income, where international income is subject to tax at statutory rates as high as 55%.
legal entity reorganization to align occidental's legal entity structure with the nature of its business activities after completing the anadarko acquisition and subsequent large scale post-acquisition divestiture program, management undertook a legal entity reorganization that was completed in the first quarter of 2022.
as a result of this legal entity reorganization, management made an adjustment to the tax basis in a portion of its operating assets, thus reducing occidental's deferred tax liabilities. accordingly, in 2022, occidental recorded a tax benefit of $2.7 billion in connection with this reorganization. the timing of any reduction in occidental's future cash taxes as a result of this legal entity reorganization will be dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing commodity prices, capital activity level and production mix. the legal entity reorganization transaction is currently under irs review as part of the company's 2022 federal tax audit.
inflation reduction act and pillar two in august 2022, congress passed the ira that contains, among other provisions, a corporate book minimum tax on financial statement income, an excise tax on stock buybacks, a methane emissions fee and certain tax incentives related to climate change and clean energy. occidental is currently evaluating the guidance and proposed regulations released in 2023. the ultimate impact of the ira to occidental will depend on a number of factors including future commodity prices, interpretations and assumptions as well as additional regulatory guidance.
approximately 140 countries have agreed to a statement in support of the oecd pillar two initiative that proposes a 15% global minimum tax on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. a number of countries, including european union member states, the united kingdom, and canada have enacted or are expected to enact legislation to be effective as early as 2024, with widespread implementation of a global minimum tax expected by 2025. as the legislation becomes effective in countries in which occidental operates, its cash tax could increase and its effective tax rate could be negatively impacted. occidental will continue to monitor proposed legislation and guidance issued by both the oecd as well as the jurisdictions in which it operates to assess the impact on its tax position.
50       oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis consolidated results of operations revenue and other income items millions                                              2023            2022            2021
net sales                                      $28,257         $36,634         $25,956
interest, dividends and other income              $139            $153            $166
gains on sale of assets, net                      $522            $308            $192
net sales price and volume changes generally represent the majority of the change in the oil and gas and chemical segments sales. midstream and marketing sales generally represent the margins earned by the marketing business as it strives to optimize the use of its transportation, storage and terminal commitments to provide access to domestic and international markets and, to a lesser extent, ngl and sulfur revenues from the gas processing business.
the decrease in net sales in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to lower worldwide crude oil, domestic ngl and domestic natural gas commodity prices in the oil and gas segment, lower realized pvc and caustic sales prices and lower sales volumes across most product lines in the chemical segment and lower sales in the marketing business, partially offset by higher domestic sales volumes in the oil and gas segment.
expense items millions                                                 2023            2022            2021
oil and gas operating expense                      $4,677          $4,028          $3,160
transportation and gathering expense               $1,481          $1,475          $1,419
chemical and midstream cost of sales               $3,116          $3,273          $2,772
purchased commodities                              $2,009          $3,287          $2,308
selling, general and administrative                $1,083            $945            $863
other operating and non-operating expense          $1,084          $1,271          $1,065
taxes other than on income                         $1,087          $1,548          $1,005
depreciation, depletion and amortization           $6,865          $6,926          $8,447
asset impairments and other charges                  $209              $-            $304
acquisition-related costs                             $26             $89            $153
exploration expense                                  $441            $216            $252
interest and debt expense, net                       $945          $1,030          $1,614
oil and gas operating expense oil and gas operating expense increased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily as a result of higher workover and maintenance activity in occidental's domestic operations.
chemical and midstream cost of sales chemical and midstream cost of sales decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily as a result of lower ethylene and energy cost in the chemical segment and lower power generation cost of sales in the midstream and marketing segment.
purchased commodities purchased commodities decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, due to lower volumes and prices on third-party crude purchases in the midstream and marketing segment.
selling, general, and administrative selling, general, and administrative increased in 2023 compared to 2022, due to increased employee and technology costs.
other operating and non-operating expense other operating and non-operating expense decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to the $260 million adjustment of the valuation allowance for the maxus liquidating trust.

management's discussion and analysis taxes other than on income taxes other than on income in 2023 decreased compared to 2022, primarily due to decreases in production taxes and rockies ad valorem taxes, which are directly tied to revenues.
asset impairments and other charges asset impairments in 2023 included a pre-tax impairment of $180 million related to undeveloped acreage in the northern non-core area of the powder river basin and a $29 million impairment related to an equity method investment in the black butte coal company.
exploration expense exploration expense increased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to higher dry hole expense in the gulf of mexico.
interest and debt expense, net interest and debt expense decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, due to lower outstanding debt as a result of $9.5 billion of debt repayments in 2022, partially offset by early debt extinguishment costs incurred in 2022.
other items income (expense) millions                       2023                       2022            2021
gains on interest rate swaps and warrants       $-                     $317            $122
income from equity investments and other        $534                   $793            $631
income tax expense                              $(1,733)             $(813)          $(915)
loss from discontinued operations, net          $-                       $-          $(468)
income from equity investments and other income from equity investments and other decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to lower equity income from wes and charges recorded by net power in relation to their public offering.
income tax expense income tax expense increased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily as a result of a $2.7 billion tax benefit taken in 2022 related to a legal entity reorganization.
liquidity and capital resources cash on hand as of december 31, 2023, occidental had approximately $1.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents. a substantial majority of this cash is held and available for use in the united states.
sources and uses of cash occidental currently expects its operational cash flows and cash on hand along with the committed crownrock acquisition financing to be sufficient to meet its current debt maturities and other obligations for the next 12 months from the date of this filing. occidental's $4.0 billion rcf, receivables securitization facility and access to capital markets are available to meet its ongoing capital needs, purchase obligations, near-term debt maturities and other liabilities and financial obligations, if required.
the rcf maturity date is june 30, 2025. in february 2024, occidental entered into a third amended and restated credit agreement with the same committed borrowing capacity as above, but extended the maturity date to june 30, 2028. no amounts were drawn under the facility as of december 31, 2023.
occidental's planned 2024 capital expenditures are between $6.4 billion and $6.6 billion.
as of december 31, 2023, occidental had $1.1 billion in current maturities of long-term debt which are due in 2024, and an additional $1.2 billion in long-term obligations due in 2025.
as of december 31, 2023, occidental had $599 million in non-cancelable lease payments due in 2024, and an additional $427 million in non-cancelable lease payments due in 2025.
dividends paid to common and preferred shareholders were $1.4 billion in 2023.
occidental is party to various purchase agreements that are not accounted for as leases or otherwise accrued as liabilities as of december 31, 2023. these agreements consist primarily of obligations to secure terminal, pipeline and processing capacity, purchase services used in the normal course of business including transporting and disposing of produced water, purchase goods used in the production of finished goods including certain chemical raw materials and power and agreements relating to equipment maintenance and service. refer to the line item "purchase obligations" in the oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis table below under contractual obligations for the amounts that will be paid for such outstanding off-balance sheet purchase obligations from 2024 and thereafter.
crownrock acquisition financing in connection with the planned crownrock acquisition, occidental has secured a fully-committed $5.3 billion bridge loan facility, a $2.0 billion 364-day term loan, and a $2.7 billion two-year term loan. prior to or concurrent with the closing of the acquisition, occidental plans to issue new debt comprised of a combination of the one and two-year term loans and senior unsecured notes. in addition, occidental plans to refinance a majority of the $1.2 billion of crownrock's existing debt assumed in the acquisition. occidental intends to repay at least $4.5 billion of debt within 12 months of closing the crownrock acquisition with proceeds from the divestiture program and excess cash flows.
divestiture program in the fourth quarter of 2023, occidental announced a divestiture program between $4.5 billion and $6.0 billion, which occidental expects to complete within 18 months of closing the crownrock acquisition.
share repurchase program in february 2023, the board authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $3.0 billion of occidental's shares of common stock. during 2023, occidental purchased a total of 29.1 million shares under the share repurchase program for $1.8 billion and the value remaining as of december 31, 2023 was $1.2 billion.
preferred redemptions in connection with the anadarko acquisition, occidental issued 100,000 shares of series a preferred stock, with a face value of $100,000 per share and a liquidation preference of $105,000 per share plus unpaid accrued dividends. prior to august 2029, a mandatory redemption provision obligates occidental to redeem preferred stock at a 10% premium to face value on a dollar-for-dollar basis for every dollar distributed to common shareholders (either via common stock dividends or share repurchases) above $4.00 per share, on a trailing 12-month basis. preferred redemptions can settle between 30 and 60 days from the date berkshire hathaway is notified of the redemption obligation and accrued unpaid dividends are paid up to but not including the redemption date. occidental cannot voluntarily redeem preferred stock before august 2029. after august 2029, occidental can voluntarily redeem preferred stock at a 5% premium to face value.
dividends on the preferred stock accrue on the face value at a rate per annum of 8%, but will be paid only when, as and if declared by occidental's board of directors. at any time, when such dividends have not been paid in full, the unpaid amounts will accrue dividends, compounded quarterly, at a rate per annum of 9%. following the payment in full of any accrued but unpaid dividends, the dividend rate will remain at 9% per annum. if preferred dividends are not paid in full, occidental is prohibited from paying dividends on common stock. occidental paid $762 million in preferred stock dividends in 2023.
in 2023, occidental redeemed preferred stock with a face value of $1.5 billion, and incurred $151 million in redemption premiums. to the extent occidental's trailing 12-month distributions to common shareholders is above $4.00 per share, occidental is required to match any common shareholder distributions with preferred stock redemptions. as of the date of this filing approximately $8.5 billion face value of the preferred stock remains outstanding.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis contractual obligations the following table summarizes and cross-references occidental's contractual obligations and indicates on- and off-balance sheet obligations as of december 31, 2023. commitments related to held for sale assets are excluded.
millions                                                                                                                            payments due by year total                                                          2024        2025 and 2026        2027 and 2028        2029 and thereafter on-balance sheet current portion of long-term debt (note 6) (a)           $1,056            $1,056                   $-                       $-                   $-
long-term debt (note 6) (a)                              16,899                 -                2,656                    1,809               12,434
expected interest payments on long-term debt             10,308             1,018                1,904                    1,642                5,744
leases (note 7) (b)                                       2,162               599                  747                      370                  446
asset retirement obligations (note 1)                     4,075               193                  797                      647                2,438
other long-term liabilities (c)                           2,768                 -                1,147                      228                1,393
off-balance sheet purchase obligations (d)                                 12,407             3,218                4,101                    2,469                2,619
total                                                   $49,675            $6,084              $11,352                   $7,165              $25,074
(a)excluded unamortized debt discount and interest.
(b)occidental is the lessee under various agreements for real estate, equipment, plants and facilities.
(c)included long-term obligations under postretirement benefits, accrued transportation commitments, ad valorem taxes and other accrued liabilities.
(d)amounts included payments which will become due under long-term agreements to purchase goods and services used in the normal course of business to secure terminal, pipeline and processing capacity, co2, electrical power, non-lease components, steam and certain chemical raw materials including but not limited to capital commitments. amounts excluded certain product purchase obligations related to marketing activities for which there are no minimum purchase requirements or the amounts are not fixed or determinable. long-term purchase contracts were discounted at a 5.10% discount rate.
guarantees occidental has entered into various guarantees, indemnities and commitments provided by occidental to third parties, mainly to provide assurance that occidental or its consolidated subsidiaries or affiliates will meet their various obligations.
as of the date of this filing, occidental has provided required financial assurance through a combination of cash, letters of credit and surety bonds. occidental has not issued any letters of credit under the rcf or other committed facilities. for additional information, see risk factors in part i item 1a of this form 10-k.
cash flow analysis cash provided by operating activities millions                                                                      2023            2022            2021
operating cash flow from continuing operations                         $12,308         $16,810         $10,253
operating cash flow from discontinued operations, net of taxes               -               -             181
net cash provided by operating activities                              $12,308         $16,810         $10,434
cash provided by operating activities decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to lower commodity prices in the oil and gas segment, as average wti and brent prices decreased by 18% and 17%, respectively, and nymex natural gas prices decreased by 54%. cash provided by operating activities were also impacted by the decrease in realized prices for pvc and caustic soda. the overall decrease in cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by a change in working capital related to a decrease in receivables, due to lower commodity prices.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis cash used by investing activities millions                                                                     2023              2022              2021
capital expenditures oil and gas                                                          $(4,960)          $(3,844)          $(2,409)
chemical                                                                (535)             (322)             (308)
midstream and marketing                                                 (656)             (268)             (106)
corporate                                                               (119)              (63)              (47)
total                                                                $(6,270)          $(4,497)          $(2,870)
changes in capital accrual                                                 25               147                97
purchase of businesses, assets and equity investments, net              (713)             (990)             (431)
proceeds from sale of assets and equity investments, net                  448               584             1,624
other investing activities, net                                         (470)             (116)               406
investing cash flows from continuing operations                      $(6,980)          $(4,872)          $(1,174)
investing cash flows from discontinued operations                           -                 -              (79)
net cash used by investing activities                                $(6,980)          $(4,872)          $(1,253)
cash flows used by investing activities increased by $2.1 billion in 2023 compared to 2022. in 2023, occidental increased capital spending as a result of increased activity in the permian, rockies and gulf of mexico as well as increased capital spending on stratos in olcv and on the battleground chlor-alkali plant in oxychem. in 2023, occidental sold certain non-core proved and unproved properties in the permian basin for proceeds of $202 million as well as sold wes 5.1 million of its limited partner units owned by occidental for proceeds of $128 million. purchase of businesses, assets and equity investments, net primarily included the purchase of carbon engineering. also included in cash flow used by investing activities is occidental's additional investment in net power, for $351 million. see note 5 - acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k for a listing of assets and equity investments acquired and sold in 2023, 2022 and 2021.
cash used by financing activities millions                                                 2023              2022              2021
financing cash flows from continuing operations          $(4,890)          $(13,715)         $(8,564)
financing cash flows from discontinued operations        -                 -                 (8)
net cash used by financing activities                    $(4,890)          $(13,715)         $(8,572)
cash used by financing activities decreased by $8.8 billion compared to 2022. in 2023, cash used by financing activities reflected common share repurchases of $1.8 billion and redemptions of preferred stock with a face value of $1.5 billion, with $151 million in redemption premiums and dividend payments of $1.4 billion on preferred and common stock. see item 5 market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities in part ii of this form 10-k and note 14 - stockholders' equity in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information related to occidental's share repurchases.
lawsuits, claims, commitments and contingencies legal matters for information on occidental's lawsuits, claims, commitments and contingencies, see the information in note 13 - lawsuits, claims, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.

management's discussion and analysis environmental liabilities and expenditures environmental costs environmental costs relate to the prevention, monitoring, control, treatment or abatement of waste, emissions or releases to air, water or land from operations of occidental's subsidiaries. these activities are generally integrated with ongoing operations or development projects, so the costs in this table include estimates. the environmental costs in the table do not include litigation-related costs, including fines, penalties or settlements, occidental's investments in low-carbon ventures or cost incurred to satisfy asset retirement obligations. occidental's environmental costs are presented below for each segment for each of the years ended december 31:
millions                             2023          2022          2021
operating expenses oil and gas                      $409          $304          $267
chemical                          113           115            88
midstream and marketing             8             6             6
total                            $530          $425          $361
capital expenditures oil and gas                      $154          $110           $87
chemical                           40            53            66
midstream and marketing            12             5             1
total                            $206          $168          $154
remediation expenses corporate                         $79           $65           $28
operating expenses are incurred on a continual basis. capital expenditures relate to longer-lived improvements in properties currently operated by occidental. remediation expenses relate to existing conditions from past operations of occidental or its subsidiaries.
for additional information on occidental's environmental liabilities and expenditures, see the information in note 12 - environmental liabilities and expenditures in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.
global investments a portion of occidental's assets are located outside north america. the following table shows the geographic distribution of occidental's assets as of december 31, 2023, at both the segment and consolidated level, related to occidental's ongoing operations:
millions                          oil and gas                  chemical                midstream and marketing            corporate and other              total consolidated north america united states                   $49,294                     $4,494                            $8,603                      $2,208                             $64,599
canada                                -                        108                             1,533                      -                                    1,641
middle east                       3,637                          -                             3,047                      -                                    6,684
north africa and other              855                         80        144                                    5                                             1,084
consolidated                    $53,786                     $4,682                           $13,327                      $2,213                             $74,008
in 2023, net sales outside north america totaled $4.4 billion, or approximately 16% of total net sales.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis critical accounting policies and estimates the process of preparing financial statements in accordance with united states gaap requires occidental's management to make informed estimates and judgments regarding certain items and transactions. changes in facts and circumstances or discovery of new information may result in revised estimates and judgments and actual results may differ from these estimates upon settlement but generally not by material amounts. the selection and development of these policies and estimates have been discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors. occidental considers the following to be its most critical accounting policies and estimates that involve management's judgment.
oil and gas properties the carrying value of occidental's pp&e represents the cost incurred to acquire or develop the asset, including any aros and capitalized interest, net of dd&a and any impairment charges. for assets acquired in a business combination, pp&e cost is based on fair values at the acquisition date. aros and interest costs incurred in connection with qualifying capital expenditures are capitalized and amortized over the useful lives of the related assets.
occidental uses the successful efforts method to account for its oil and gas properties. under this method, occidental capitalizes costs of acquiring properties, costs of drilling successful exploration wells and development costs. the costs of exploratory wells are initially capitalized pending a determination of whether proved reserves have been found. if proved reserves have been found, the costs of exploratory wells remain capitalized. for exploratory wells that find reserves that cannot be classified as proved when drilling is completed, costs continue to be capitalized as suspended exploratory drilling costs if there have been sufficient reserves found to justify completion as a producing well and sufficient progress is being made in assessing the economic and operating viability of the project. at the end of each quarter, management reviews the status of all suspended exploratory drilling costs in light of ongoing exploration activities and in particular, whether occidental is making sufficient progress in its ongoing exploration and appraisal efforts or, in the case of discoveries requiring government sanctioning, analyzing whether development negotiations are underway and proceeding as planned. if management determines that future appraisal drilling or development activities are unlikely to occur, associated suspended exploratory well costs are expensed.
occidental expenses annual lease rentals, the costs of injectants used in production and geological and geophysical costs as incurred for exploration activities.
occidental determines depreciation and depletion of oil and gas producing properties by the unit-of-production method. it amortizes leasehold acquisition costs over total proved reserves and capitalized development and successful exploration costs over proved developed reserves.
proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible-from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations-prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation.
several factors could change occidental's proved oil and gas reserves. for example, occidental receives a share of production from pscs to recover its costs and generally an additional share for profit. occidental's share of production and reserves from these contracts decreases when product prices rise and increases when prices decline. generally, occidental's net economic benefit from these contracts is greater at higher product prices. in other cases, particularly with long-lived properties, lower product prices may lead to a situation where production of a portion of proved reserves becomes uneconomical. for such properties, higher product prices typically result in additional reserves becoming economical. estimation of future production and development costs is also subject to change partially due to factors beyond occidental's control, such as energy costs and inflation or deflation of oil field service costs. these factors, in turn, could lead to changes in the quantity of proved reserves. additional factors that could result in a change of proved reserves include production decline rates and operating performance differing from those estimated when the proved reserves were initially recorded. changes in the political and regulatory climate, including new or amended laws and regulations or changes in the interpretation of those laws and regulations, could lead to decreases in proved reserves as development horizons may be extended into the future, changes to development locations are necessary or the changes result in higher development or operating costs.
occidental performs impairment tests with respect to its proved properties whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of property may not be recoverable. if there is an indication the carrying amount of the asset may not be recovered due to significant and prolonged declines in current and forward prices, significant changes in reserve estimates, changes in management's plans or other significant events, management will evaluate the property for impairment. under the successful efforts method, if the sum of the undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the proved property, the carrying value is reduced to estimated fair value and reported as an impairment charge in the period. individual proved properties are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows unless observable and comparable transactions are available. the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by market participants. the impairment test incorporates a number of assumptions involving expectations of oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis future cash flows which can change significantly over time. these assumptions include estimates of future production, product prices, contractual prices, estimates of risk-adjusted oil and gas proved and unproved reserves and estimates of future operating and development costs. it is reasonably possible that prolonged declines in commodity prices, reduced capital spending in response to lower prices or increases in operating costs could result in impairments.
for impairment testing, unless prices are contractually fixed, occidental uses observable forward strip prices for oil and natural gas prices when projecting future cash flows. future operating and development costs are estimated using the current cost environment applied to expectations of future operating and development activities to develop and produce oil and gas reserves. market prices for oil, ngl and natural gas have been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. changes in global supply and demand, transportation capacity, currency exchange rates, applicable laws and regulations and the effect of changes in these variables on market perceptions could impact current forecasts. future fluctuations in commodity prices could result in estimates of future cash flows to vary significantly.
net capitalized costs attributable to unproved properties were $10.2 billion as of december 31, 2023, and $12.6 billion as of december 31, 2022. the unproved amounts are not subject to dd&a until they are classified as proved properties. individually insignificant unproved properties are combined and amortized on a group basis based on factors such as geographic location, lease terms, success rates and other factors to provide for full amortization upon lease expiration or abandonment.
significant unproved properties are assessed individually for impairment and when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of property may not be recovered a valuation allowance is provided if an impairment is indicated. occidental periodically reviews significant unproved properties for impairments; numerous factors are considered, including but not limited to, availability of funds for future exploration and development activities, current exploration and development plans, favorable or unfavorable exploration activity on the property or the adjacent property, geologists' evaluation of the property, the current and projected political and regulatory climate, contractual conditions and the remaining lease term for the properties. if an impairment is indicated, occidental will first determine whether a comparable transaction for similar properties or implied acreage valuation derived from domestic onshore market participants is available and will adjust the carrying amount of the unproved property to its fair value using the market approach. in situations where the market approach is not observable and unproved reserves are available, undiscounted future net cash flows used in the impairment analysis are determined based on managements' risk adjusted estimates of unproved reserves, future commodity prices and future costs to produce the reserves. if undiscounted future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the property, the future net cash flows are discounted and compared to the carrying value for determining the amount of the impairment loss to record. occidental utilizes the same assumptions and methodology discussed above for cash flows associated with proved properties.
proved reserves occidental estimates its proved oil and gas reserves according to the definition of proved reserves provided by the sec's rule 4-10 (a) of regulation s-x and financial accounting standards board. proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible-from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations-prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. prices include consideration of price changes provided only by contractual arrangements and do not include adjustments based on expected future conditions. for reserves information, see the supplemental information on oil and gas exploration and production activities under item 8 of this form 10-k.
engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information. occidental's estimates of proved reserves are made using available geological and reservoir data as well as production performance data. the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons. these estimates are reviewed annually by internal reservoir engineers and revised, either upward or downward, as warranted by additional data. revisions are necessary due to changes in, among other things, development plans, reservoir performance, prices, economic conditions and government restrictions as well as changes in the expected recovery associated with infill drilling. decreases in prices, for example, may cause a reduction in some proved reserves due to reaching economic limits at an earlier projected date. a material adverse change in the estimated volume of proved reserves could have a negative impact on dd&a and could result in property impairments.
the most significant ongoing financial statement effect from a change in occidental's oil and gas reserves or impairment of its proved properties would be to the dd&a rate. for example, a 5% increase or decrease in the amount of oil and gas reserves would change the dd&a rate by approximately $0.65/bbl, which would increase or decrease pre-tax income by approximately $290 million annually at current production rates.
fair values occidental estimates fair-value of long-lived assets for impairment testing, assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination or exchanged in non-monetary transactions, pension plan assets and initial measurements of aros.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis accounting for the acquisition of a business requires the allocation of the purchase price to the various assets and liabilities of the acquired business and recording deferred taxes for any differences between the allocated values and tax basis of assets and liabilities. any excess of the purchase price over the amounts assigned to assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. the purchase price allocation is accomplished by recording each asset and liability at its estimated fair value, which may be determined using different methods of fair value measurements, largely based on the availability and quality of market information. occidental primarily applies the market approach for recurring fair value measurements, maximizes its use of observable inputs and minimizes its use of unobservable inputs.
financial assets and liabilities occidental utilizes published prices or counterparty statements for valuing the majority of its financial assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair value. in addition to using market data, occidental makes assumptions in valuing its assets and liabilities, including assumptions about the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. for financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value, occidental measures fair value using the following methods:
■occidental values exchange-cleared commodity derivatives using closing prices provided by the exchange as of the balance sheet date. these derivatives are classified as using quoted prices in active markets for the assets or liabilities (level 1).
■otc bilateral financial commodity contracts, international exchange contracts, options and physical commodity forward purchase and sale contracts are generally classified as using observable inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities (level 2) and are generally valued using quotations provided by brokers or industry-standard models that consider various inputs, including quoted forward prices for commodities, time value, volatility factors, credit risk and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument and can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable prices at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.
■occidental values commodity derivatives based on a market approach that considers various assumptions, including quoted forward commodity prices and market yield curves. the assumptions used include inputs that are generally unobservable in the marketplace or are observable but have been adjusted based upon various assumptions and the fair value is designated as using unobservable inputs (level 3) within the valuation hierarchy.
■occidental values debt using market-observable information for debt instruments that are traded on secondary markets. for debt instruments that are not traded, the fair value is determined by interpolating the value based on debt with similar terms and credit risk.
non-financial assets occidental uses market-observable prices for assets when comparable transactions can be identified that are similar to the asset being valued. when occidental is required to measure fair value and there is not a market-observable price for the asset or for a similar asset then the cost or income approach is used depending on the quality of information available to support management's assumptions. the cost approach is based on management's best estimate of the current asset replacement cost. the income approach is based on management's best assumptions regarding expectations of future net cash flows and the expected cash flows are discounted using a commensurate risk-adjusted discount rate. such evaluations involve significant judgment. the results are based on expected future events or conditions such as sales prices, estimates of future oil and gas production or throughput, development and operating costs and the timing thereof, economic and regulatory climates and other factors, most of which are often outside of management's control. however, assumptions used reflect a market participant's view of long-term prices, costs and other factors and are consistent with assumptions used in occidental's business plans and investment decisions.
environmental liabilities and expenditures certain subsidiaries of occidental incur environmental liabilities and expenditures that relate to current operations and are expensed or capitalized by such subsidiaries as appropriate. certain subsidiaries also incur environmental liabilities and expenditures with respect to remediation of existing conditions from alleged past practices at third-party, currently operated, and closed or non-operated sites, which categories may include npl sites. those environmental liabilities and related charges and expenses for estimated remediation costs from past operations are recorded when environmental remediation efforts are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. occidental discloses such remediation liabilities on a consolidated basis. in determining the environmental remediation liability and the range of reasonably possible additional losses, occidental refers to currently available information, including relevant past experience, remedial objectives, available technologies, applicable laws and regulations and cost-sharing arrangements. these environmental remediation liabilities are based on management's estimate of the most likely cost to be incurred, using the most cost-effective technology reasonably expected to achieve the remedial objective. occidental periodically reviews these environmental remediation liabilities and adjusts them as new information becomes available. occidental's subsidiaries generally record reimbursements or recoveries of environmental remediation costs in income when received, or when receipt of recovery is highly probable.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis many factors could affect future remediation costs incurred by occidental's subsidiaries and result in adjustments to environmental remediation liabilities and the range of reasonably possible additional losses. the most significant are: (1) cost estimates for remedial activities may vary from the initial estimate; (2) the length of time, type or amount of remediation necessary to achieve the remedial objective may change due to factors such as site conditions, the ability to identify and control contaminant sources or the discovery of additional contamination; (3) a regulatory agency may ultimately reject or modify proposed remedial plans; (4) improved or alternative remediation technologies may change remediation costs; (5) laws and regulations may change remediation requirements or affect cost sharing or allocation of liability; and (6) changes in allocation or cost-sharing arrangements may occur.
certain sites involve multiple parties with various cost-sharing arrangements, which generally fall into the following three categories: (1) environmental proceedings that result in a negotiated or prescribed allocation of remediation costs among the affected occidental's subsidiary and other alleged potentially responsible parties; (2) oil and gas ventures in which each participant pays its proportionate share of remediation costs reflecting its working interest; or (3) contractual arrangements, typically relating to purchases and sales of properties, in which the parties to the transaction agree to methods of allocating remediation costs. in these circumstances, the affected subsidiary evaluates the financial viability of other parties with whom it is alleged to be jointly liable, the degree of their commitment to participate and the consequences to such subsidiary of their failure to participate when estimating its ultimate share of liability. occidental subsidiaries record environmental remediation liabilities at their expected net cost of remedial activities. based on these factors, except as otherwise disclosed in note 12 - environmental liabilities and expenditures in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k, occidental's subsidiaries believe that they will not be required to assume a share of liability of such other potentially responsible parties in an amount materially above amounts reserved.
in addition to the costs of investigations and clean-up measures, which often take in excess of 10 years at cercla npl sites, occidental subsidiaries' environmental remediation liabilities include estimates of the costs to operate and maintain remedial systems. if remedial systems are modified over time in response to significant changes in site-specific data, laws, regulations, technologies or engineering estimates, occidental's subsidiaries review and adjust their environmental remediation liabilities accordingly.
if occidental or its subsidiaries were to adjust the balance of their environmental remediation liabilities based on the factors described above, the amount of the increase or decrease would be recognized in earnings. for example, if the balance were reduced by 10%, occidental would record a pre-tax increase to income of $102 million. if the balance were increased by 10%, occidental would record an additional remediation expense of $102 million.
income taxes occidental and its subsidiaries file various u.s. federal, state and foreign income tax returns. the impact of changes in tax regulations are reflected when enacted. in general, deferred federal, state and foreign income taxes are provided on temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. occidental routinely assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets. if occidental concludes that it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, the tax asset is reduced by a valuation allowance. occidental recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefit recorded is equal to the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely to be realized through final settlement with a taxing authority. interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in income tax expense (benefit). see note 10 - income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.
loss contingencies occidental or certain of its subsidiaries are involved, in the normal course of business, in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings and audits. occidental or its affected subsidiaries, as appropriate, accrues reserves for these matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the liability can be reasonably estimated. in addition, occidental discloses, in aggregate on a consolidated basis, exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded on the balance sheet for these matters if it is reasonably possible that an additional material loss may be incurred. occidental reviews such loss contingencies on an ongoing basis.
loss contingencies are based on judgments made by management with respect to the likely outcome of these matters and are adjusted as appropriate. management's judgments could change based on new information, changes in, or interpretations of, laws or regulations, changes in management's plans or intentions, opinions regarding the outcome of legal proceedings or other factors. see note 13 - lawsuits, claims, commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information.
oxy 2023 form 10-k management's discussion and analysis safe harbor discussion regarding outlook and other forward-looking data portions of this report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. all statements other than statements of historical fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to: any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. words such as "estimate," "project," "predict," "will," "would," "should," "could," "may," "might," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "aim," "goal," "target," "objective," "commit," "advance," "likely" or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report unless an earlier date is specified. unless legally required, occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
actual outcomes or results may differ from anticipated results, sometimes materially. forward-looking and other statements regarding occidental's sustainability efforts and aspirations are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or require disclosure in occidental's filings with the sec. in addition, historical, current and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future, including future rulemaking. factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally; occidental's indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations; occidental's ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in occidental's credit ratings or future increases in interest rates; assumptions about energy markets; global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility; supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, occidental's products and services; actions by opec and non-opec oil producing countries; the scope and duration of global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, and actions taken by government authorities and other third parties in connection therewith; results from operations and competitive conditions; future impairments of occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings; unexpected changes in costs; inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation; availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations; the regulatory approval environment, including occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and/or development projects; occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures, including the crownrock acquisition; risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences; uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses; uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, ngl and natural gas reserves; lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions; occidental's ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve occidental's competitiveness; exploration, drilling and other operational risks; disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver occidental's oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations; volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital market disruptions and instability of financial institutions; government actions, war (including the russia-ukraine war and conflicts in the middle east) and political conditions and events; hse risks, costs and liability under existing or future federal, regional, state, provincial, tribal, local and international hse laws, regulations, and litigation (including related to climate change or remedial actions or assessments); legislative or regulatory changes, including changes relating to hydraulic fracturing or other oil and natural gas operations, retroactive royalty or production tax regimes and deep-water and onshore drilling and permitting regulations; occidental's ability to recognize intended benefits from its business strategies and initiatives, such as occidental's low-carbon ventures businesses or announced ghg emissions reduction targets or net-zero goals; potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation, government investigations and other proceedings; disruption or interruption of production or manufacturing or facility damage due to accidents, chemical releases, labor unrest, weather, power outages, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, terrorist acts or insurgent activity; the creditworthiness and performance of occidental's counterparties, including financial institutions, operating partners and other parties; failure of risk management; occidental's ability to retain and hire key personnel; supply, transportation, and labor constraints; reorganization or restructuring of occidental's operations; changes in state, federal or international tax rates; and actions by third parties that are beyond occidental's control.
additional information concerning these and other factors that may cause occidental's results of operations and financial position to differ from expectations can be found in item 1a, "risk factors" and elsewhere in this form 10-k, as well as in occidental's other filings with the sec, including occidental's quarterly reports on form 10-q and current reports on form 8-k.
oxy 2023 form 10-k quantitative and qualitative disclosures
