item 1a. risk factors the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. there may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could affect our operations. the ordering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect a risk's potential likelihood or magnitude. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements.
macroeconomic, business, market and operational risks adverse economic or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including impairing the value of our goodwill, ships, trademarks and other assets and potentially affecting other critical accounting estimates where the impact may be material to our operating results.
demand for cruises is affected by international, national, and local economic conditions. weak or uncertain economic conditions may impact consumer confidence and pose a risk as vacationers postpone or reduce discretionary spending. this, in turn, may result in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues. given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies, and our business could be negatively impacted by challenging conditions in any of the markets in which we operate, and/or related reactions by our competitors in such markets.
our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geopolitical factors beyond our control.
our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll and benefits, airfare, taxes, insurance, and security costs, can be and have been subject to increases due to market forces and economic or geopolitical conditions or other factors beyond our control, including global inflationary pressures, which have increased our operating costs. increases in these operating costs have affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our future profitability.
price increases for commercial airline services for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline services and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests.
many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests, which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. in addition, changes in the availability and/or regulations governing commercial airline services could adversely affect our guests' ability to obtain air travel, as well as our ability to transfer our guests to or from our cruise ships, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
terrorist attacks, war, and other similar events could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we are susceptible to a wide range of adverse events, including terrorist attacks, war, conflicts, civil unrest and other hostilities. the occurrence of these events or an escalation in the frequency or severity of them, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions and advisories and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing, have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. these events could also result in additional security measures taken by local authorities which have, and may in the future, impact access to ports and/or destinations. in addition, such events have led, and could lead, to disruptions, instability and volatility in global markets, supply chains and industries, increased operating costs, such as fuel and food, and disruptions affecting our newbuild construction and fleet modernization efforts, any of which could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. further, such events could have the effect of heightening the other risks we have described in this report, any of which also could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
disease outbreaks and an increase in concern about the risk of illness could adversely impact our business and results of operations, and may cause significant disruptions, create new risks, and exacerbate existing risks.
disease outbreaks and increased concern related to illness when traveling to, from, and on our ships, could cause a decrease in demand for cruises, guest cancellations, travel restrictions, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, cruise cancellations, ship redeployments and an inability to source our crew, provisions or supplies from certain places. in addition, we may be subject to consumer perception that cruises are more susceptible than other vacation alternatives to the spread of infectious diseases. for example, the unprecedented responses by governments and other authorities to control and contain the covid-19 outbreak, including related variants, led to our voluntary suspension of our global cruise operations starting in march 2020. while we have resumed our global cruise operations, there is no assurance that our cruise operations will not be interrupted. in response to disease outbreaks, our industry, including our passengers and crew, may be subject to enhanced health and safety requirements in the future which may be costly and take a significant amount of time to implement across our fleet. for example, local governments may establish their own set of rules for self-quarantines and/or require proof of individuals' health status or vaccination prior to or upon visiting. based on our assessment of these requirements and recommendations, or for other reasons, we may determine it necessary to cancel or modify certain of our global brands' cruise sailings. the impact of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, any operating or health protocols that we may develop or that may be required by law in the future in response to infectious diseases may be costly to develop and difficult to implement and may be less effective than we expected in reducing the risk of infection and spread of such disease on our cruise ships, all of which will negatively impact our operations and expose us to reputational and legal risks.
incidents on ships, at port facilities, land destinations and/or affecting the cruise vacation industry in general, and the associated negative media coverage and publicity, have affected and could continue to affect our reputation and impact our sales and results of operations.
cruise ships, private destinations, port facilities and shore excursions operated and/or offered by us and third parties may be susceptible to the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior, and other incidents which could bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction of our guests and negatively impact our sales, operations and reputation. incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety, health and security of guests and crew and the media coverage thereof, have impacted and could impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. in particular, we cannot predict the impact on our financial performance and the public's concern regarding the health and safety of travel, especially by cruise ship, and related decreases in demand for travel and cruising. moreover, our ability to attract and retain guests and crew depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of our company and our brands and the public's concerns regarding the health and safety of travel generally, as well as regarding the cruising industry and our ships specifically. our reputation and our business could also be damaged by continued or additional negative publicity regarding the cruise industry in general, including publicity regarding the spread of contagious disease, over-tourism in key ports and destinations and the potentially adverse environmental impacts of cruising. the considerable expansion in the use of social and digital media has compounded the potential scope and reach of any negative publicity. in addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in certain cases, potential litigation.
significant weather, climate events and/or natural disasters could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
natural disasters (e.g., earthquakes, volcanos, wildfires), weather and/or climate events (including hurricanes and typhoons) could impact our source markets and operations resulting in travel restrictions, guest cancellations, an inability to source our crew or our provisions and supplies from certain places. we may be required to alter itineraries and cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or to redeploy our ships due to these types of events, which could have an adverse effect on our sales, operating costs and profitability in the current and future periods. increases in the frequency, severity or duration of these types of events could exacerbate their impact and disrupt our operations or make certain destinations less desirable or unavailable impacting our revenues and profitability further. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance.
our sustainability activities, including environmental, social and governance (esg) matters, could result in reputational risks, increased costs and other risks.
customers, investors, lenders, regulators and other industry stakeholders have placed increasing importance on corporate esg practices and on the implications and social cost of their investments, which could cause us to incur additional costs and changes to our operations. if our esg practices or disclosures do not meet stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards, our customer and employee retention, our access to certain types of capital, including export credit financing, and our brands and reputation may be negatively impacted, which could affect our business operations and financial condition. we could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various esg practices, which could increase our operating costs and affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, from time to time, we communicate certain initiatives regarding climate change and other esg matters. we could fail or be perceived to fail to achieve such initiatives, which may negatively affect our reputation. the future adoption of new technology or processes to achieve the initiatives could also result in the impairment of existing assets.
our reliance on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to implement our newbuild and ship upgrade programs and to repair and maintain our ships exposes us to risks which could adversely impact our business.
we rely on shipyards, their subcontractors and our suppliers to effectively construct our new ships and to repair, maintain, and upgrade our existing ships on a timely basis and in a cost effective manner. there are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build, repair, maintain and/or upgrade our ships. as such, any disruptions affecting the shipyard supply chain will adversely impact our business as there are limited substitutes.
in addition, suspensions and/or slowdowns of work at shipyards, have impacted and could continue to impact our ability to construct new ships as planned, our ability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity, and our ability to execute scheduled drydocks and/or fleet modernizations.
building, repairing, maintaining and/or upgrading a ship is sophisticated work that involves significant risks. material increases in commodity and raw material prices, and other cost pressures impacting the construction of a new ship, such as the cost or availability of labor and financing, could adversely impact the shipyard's ability to build the ship on a cost-effective basis. we may be impacted if shipyards, their subcontractors, and/or our suppliers encounter "force majeure events", insolvencies or other financial difficulties, supply chain, technical or design problems when building or repairing a ship. these problems have impacted and may in the future impact the timely delivery or cost of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations. in addition, mechanical faults and/or unforeseen incidents may result in cancellation of cruises or delays of new ship orders or necessitate unscheduled drydocks. such events could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
an increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing.
although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace, reductions in cruise capacity, overall market growth and deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. as of december 31, 2023, a total of 51 new ships with approximately 110,000 berths were on order for delivery through 2028 in the cruise industry, including eight ships currently scheduled to be delivered to our global and partner brands. the further net growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry's demand and/or share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement.
in addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary/region and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, it may negatively affect our pricing and profitability. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations.
we believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports and destinations is affected by a number of factors, including industry demand and competition for key ports and destinations, existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, geopolitical developments, local governmental regulations, environmental regulations, and governmental response to disease outbreaks. higher fuel costs also may adversely impact the destinations on certain of our itineraries as they become too costly to include.
in addition, certain ports and destinations have faced a surge of both cruise and non-cruise tourism which, in certain cases, has fueled anti-tourism sentiments and related countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists allowed in these destinations. in certain destinations, countermeasures to limit the volume of tourists have been contemplated and/or put into effect, including proposed limits on cruise ships and cruise passengers, which could limit the itinerary and destination options we can offer our passengers going forward.
increased demand and competition for key ports of call or destinations, limitations on the availability or feasibility of use of specific ports of call and/or constraints on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports or destinations could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
we may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.
we operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. we, therefore, risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options, including hotels, resorts (including all-inclusive resorts), internet-based alternative lodging sites, theme parks, sightseeing destinations, package holidays and tours.
we face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel advisor preference and also in terms of the nature of ships, services and destinations that we offer to guests. our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues, but also on overall industry revenues.
in the event that we do not effectively market or differentiate our cruise brands from our competitors or otherwise compete effectively with other vacation alternatives and new or existing cruise companies, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to appropriately manage our cost and capital allocation strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success.
we strive to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. there can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions across a broad scope of investment options with varying return profiles and time horizons for value realization. these include significant capital investment decisions such as ordering new ships, upgrading our existing fleet, enhancing our technology and/or data capabilities and expanding our portfolio of land-based assets, based on expected market preferences, competition and projected demand. there can be no assurance that our strategies will be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. investments in older tonnage, in particular, run the risk of not meeting expected returns and diluting related asset values.
our expansion into new markets and investments in new ventures and land-based destination projects may not be successful.
we opportunistically seek to grow our business through, among other things, expansion into new destinations or source markets and establishment of new ventures complementary to our current offerings. these attempts to expand our business increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and can strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. in addition, we may be unable to execute our attempts to expand our business. there can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have also invested, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures and partnerships, in a growing portfolio of key land-based projects including port and terminal facilities, private destinations and multi-brand destination projects. these investments can increase our exposure to certain key risks depending on the scope, location, and the ownership and management structure of these projects. these risks include susceptibility to weather events, exposure to local political/regulatory developments and policies, logistical challenges and human resource and labor risks and safety, environmental, and health risks.
our reliance on travel advisors to sell and market our cruises exposes us to certain risks which could adversely impact our business.
we rely on travel advisors to generate bookings for our global brands. accordingly, we must maintain competitive commission rates and incentive structures. if we fail to offer competitive compensation packages or fail to maintain our relationships, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors, which could adversely impact our operating results. our reliance on third-party sellers is particularly pronounced in certain markets. in addition, the travel advisor community is sensitive to economic conditions that impact discretionary income of consumers. significant disruptions or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel advisors available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
business activities that involve our co-investments with third parties may subject us to additional risks.
partnerships, joint ventures and other business structures involving our co-investments with third parties generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. in addition to financial risks, our co-investment activities have also presented managerial and operational risks and expose us to reputational or legal concerns. these or other issues related to our co-investments with third parties could adversely impact our operations or liquidity. further, due to the arrangements we have in place with our partners in these ventures, we are limited in our ability to control the strategy of these ventures, or their use of capital and other key factors to their results of operation, which could adversely affect our investments and impact our results of operations.
past or pending business acquisitions or potential acquisitions that we may decide to pursue in the future carry inherent risks which could adversely impact our financial performance and condition.
the company, from time to time, has engaged in acquisitions and may pursue acquisitions in the future, which are subject to, among other factors, the company's ability to identify attractive business opportunities and to negotiate favorable terms for such opportunities. accordingly, the company cannot make any assurances that potential acquisitions will be completed timely or at all, or that if completed, we would realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. acquisitions also carry inherent risks such as, among others: (i) the potential delay or failure of our efforts to successfully integrate business processes and realizing expected synergies; (ii) difficulty in aligning procedures, controls and/or policies; and (iii) future unknown liabilities and costs that may be associated with an acquisition. in addition, acquisitions may adversely impact our liquidity and/or debt levels, and the recognized value of goodwill and other intangible assets can be negatively affected by unforeseen events and/or circumstances, which may result in an impairment charge. any of the foregoing events could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. these vendors and service providers may be unable or unwilling to deliver on their commitments or may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods of the expected quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, new laws and regulations, labor actions, increased demand, problems in production or distribution, cybersecurity events, and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems. any such interruptions to our supply chain could increase our costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations. in addition, increased regulation or stakeholder expectations regarding sourcing practices, or supplier conduct that does not meet such standards, could cause our operating costs to increase or result in publicity that negatively affects our reputation.
in order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations, guest port services, logistics distribution and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. we are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised.
the potential unavailability of insurance coverage, an inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or our failure to have coverage in sufficient amounts to cover our incurred losses may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we seek to maintain appropriate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. we normally obtain insurance based on the cost of an asset rather than replacement value, and we also elect to self-insure, co-insure, or use deductibles in certain circumstances for certain risks such as loss of use of a ship or other business interruption. the limits of insurance coverage we purchase are based on the availability of the coverage, evaluation of our risk profile and cost of coverage. we do not carry business interruption insurance and accordingly we have no insurance coverage for loss of revenues or earnings from our ships or other operations. accordingly, we are not protected against all risks and cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred which could result in an unexpected decrease in our revenue and results of operations in the event of an incident.
we are members of four protection and indemnity ("p&i") clubs, which are part of a worldwide group of 12 p&i clubs, known as the international group of p&i clubs (the "ig"). p&i coverage provided by the clubs is on a mutual basis, and we are subject to additional premium calls in the event of a catastrophic loss incurred by any member of the 12 p&i clubs, whereby the reinsurance limits purchased by the ig are exhausted. we are also subject to additional premium calls based on investment and underwriting shortfalls experienced by our own individual insurers.
we cannot be certain that insurance and reinsurance coverage will be available to us and at commercially reasonable rates in the future or at all or, if available, that it will be sufficient to cover potential claims. additionally, if we or other insureds sustain significant losses, the result may be higher insurance premiums, cancellation of coverage, or the inability to obtain coverage. such events could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
disruptions in our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations.
our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located in florida, and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes/typhoons, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires or floods), municipal lockdowns, curfews, quarantines, or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. in addition, substantial or repeated information system failures, computer viruses or cyber attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. we do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside or shipboard operations or our information systems. as such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and liberian law could inhibit a change of control and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the company without approval from our board of directors which could result in the entrenchment of current management. these include provisions in our articles of incorporation that prevent third parties, other than a. wilhelmsen as and cruise associates and their permitted transferees, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors.
we may not be able to achieve our fiscal 2025 financial and climate-related performance goals.
in november 2022, we announced that we are targeting certain financial and climate-related performance goals for fiscal 2025. our ability to achieve these goals is dependent on a number of factors, including the other risk factors described in this section. if we are not able to achieve these goals, the price of our common stock and reputation may be negatively affected.
financial risks we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations.
to fund our capital expenditures (including new ship orders), operations and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets.
although we believe we can access sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, investments and obligations as expected, there can be no assurances to that effect. our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the strength of the financial markets, global market conditions, including inflationary pressures, interest rate fluctuations, credit rating downgrades, our financial performance, the recovery and performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs. in addition, even where financing commitments have been secured, significant disruptions in the capital and credit markets could cause our banking and other counterparties to breach their contractual obligations to us or could cause the conditions to the availability of such funding not to be satisfied. this could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due or return collateral that is refundable under our interest rate derivative instruments or other agreements. if any of the foregoing occurs for a prolonged period of time it will have a long-term negative impact on our cash flows and our ability to meet our financial obligations.
our substantial debt requires a significant amount of cash to service and could adversely affect our financial condition.
we have a substantial amount of debt and significant debt service obligations. as of december 31, 2023, we had total debt of $21.5 billion. our substantial debt has required us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to service debt and fund repayments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenses.
our ability to make future scheduled payments on our debt service obligations or refinance our debt depends on our future operating and financial performance and ability to generate cash. this will be affected by our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. if we cannot generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations or fund our other business needs, we may, among other things, need to refinance all or a portion of our debt, obtain additional financing, delay planned capital expenditures or sell assets. we cannot assure that we will be able to generate sufficient cash through any of the foregoing. if we are not able to refinance any of our debt, obtain additional financing or sell assets on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt.
our substantial debt could also result in other negative consequences for us. for example, it could increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the industry in which we operate; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy or the industry in which we operate; limit our ability to raise additional debt or equity capital in the future to satisfy our requirements relating to working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, strategic initiatives or other purposes; restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities; limit or restrict our ability to obtain and maintain performance bonds to cover our financial responsibility requirements in various jurisdictions for non-performance of guest travel, casualty and personal injury; make it difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt; and increase our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are (and may in the future be) at a variable rate of interest.
despite our leverage, we may incur more debt. although certain of our debt instruments, including our export credit facilities, contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances the amount of debt that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. if new debt is added to our existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. additionally, there is no guarantee that financing will be available in the future or that such financing will be available with similar terms or terms that are commercially acceptable to us. as of december 31, 2023, we have commitments for approximately $5.5 billion of debt to finance the purchase of five ships on order by our royal caribbean international, celebrity cruises and silversea cruises brands, all of which are guaranteed by the export credit agencies in the countries in which the ships are being built. the ultimate size of each facility will depend on the final contract price (including change orders and owner's supply) as well as fluctuations in the eur/usd exchange rate. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information regarding our "secured notes" and "priority guaranteed notes".
we are subject to restrictive debt covenants that may limit our ability to finance our future operations and capital needs and to pursue business opportunities and activities. in addition, if we fail to comply with any of these restrictions, it could have a material adverse effect on us.
certain of our debt instruments, including our indentures and our unsecured bank and export credit facilities, limit our flexibility in operating our business. for example, certain of our loan agreements and indentures restrict or limit our and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase capital stock and make other restricted payments; make investments; consummate certain asset sales; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; grant or assume certain liens; and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, both our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a minimum liquidity, a specified minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio. in addition, our eca facilities also require us to maintain a minimum stockholders' equity. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further discussion on our covenants and existing waivers.
all of these limitations are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. despite these exceptions and qualifications, we cannot assure you that the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in certain of our debt instruments will not adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our interest. any future indebtedness may include similar or other restrictive terms and we may be required to further encumber our assets. in addition, our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. these include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. if we breach any of these covenants or restrictions, we could be in default under such indebtedness and certain of our other debt instruments, and the relevant debt holders or lenders could elect to declare the debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, if any, immediately due and payable and proceed against any collateral securing that debt. if the debt under certain of our debt instruments that we enter into were to be accelerated, our liquid assets may be insufficient to repay in full such indebtedness. borrowings under other debt instruments that contain cross-default provisions also may be accelerated or become payable on demand. in these circumstances, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and our other indebtedness then outstanding.
in addition, our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted by changes in our ownership base. more specifically, we may be required to prepay our non-eca and eca facilities if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period. our debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade, which would require us to offer to repurchase our debt securities in the event of such change of control.
if we elect to settle conversions of our convertible notes in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, conversions of our convertible notes will result in dilution for our existing shareholders.
we have an aggregate principal amount of $1.2 billion in convertible notes outstanding. if note holders elect to convert, the notes will be converted into our shares of common stock, cash, or a combination of common stock and cash, at our discretion. after may 15, 2025, our convertible notes issued in august 2022, will be convertible at the option of holders until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding their maturity date. conversions of our convertible notes into shares of our common stock or a combination of common stock and cash, will result in dilution to our shareholders.
our dividend policy may change without notice and any payment of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of our board of directors.
we have not declared a dividend since the first quarter of 2020. any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our profitability at the time, cash available for those dividends, and other factors as our board of directors may consider relevant. in the event we declare a dividend, we will need to repay amounts deferred under the export credit facilities.
compliance and regulatory risks changes in u.s. or other countries' foreign travel policy have affected, and may continue to affect our results of operations.
changes in u.s. and other countries' foreign policy have in the past and could in the future result in the imposition of travel restrictions or travel bans on persons to certain countries or result in the imposition of travel advisories, warnings, rules, regulations or legislation exposing us to penalties or claims of monetary damages. in addition, some countries have previously adopted restrictions against u.s. travelers. the timing and scope of these changes and regulations can be unpredictable, and they could cause us to cancel scheduled sailings, possibly on short notice, or could result in litigation against us. this, in turn, could decrease our revenue, increase our operating costs and otherwise impair our profitability.
factors associated with climate change, including an increasing global regulatory focus, could adversely affect our business.
there is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change, greenhouse gas and other emissions. these regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the u.s., are still developing, including the international alignment of such efforts, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be on our business. however, such climate change-related regulatory activity in the future may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, pay for our emissions, modify our itineraries and may increase our exposure, if any, to climate change-related litigation. such activity may also impact us by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs. for example, the european union has proposed and enacted parts of a series of significant carbon reforms under its fit for 55 package designed to meet its 2030 emission goals, which would require us, among other things, to increase the use of low carbon fuel onboard our vessels as well as connectivity to shore power. part of the reforms that were enacted includes updates to the european union emission trading system that imposes requirements on us to purchase carbon emission allowances for our qualified emissions beginning in 2024.
in addition, the u.s. and various state and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted, or may enact, environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels (e.g., imo sulfur limit) or the incoming carbon intensity indicator regulation ("cii"), that have or could increase our direct cost to operate in certain markets, increase our cost of fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop new equipment and adversely impact the cruise vacation industry. if enacted, these regulations may individually or collectively have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations due to increased costs associated with compliance and modified itineraries in the affected regions.
there has also been growing environmental scrutiny of the environmental impact of the cruise vacation industry, and some environmental groups are advocating for more stringent regulation of ship emissions at berth and at sea. this negative publicity of the cruise industry and any related measures may lead to changes in consumer preferences, such as methods or frequency of travel, which could adversely impact our operations and financial results and subject us to reputational impacts and costs.
labor, health and safety, financial responsibility, maritime and other regulations and measures could affect operations and increase operating costs.
we are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, discharge from our ships, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, financial responsibilities to our guests, and our advertising and pricing practices. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world, which may result in the enactment of more stringent regulations. in addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure by us to comply with these various applicable laws and regulations, as well as changes in laws and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in litigation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, increased cost of regulatory compliance and may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
a change in our tax status under the u.s. internal revenue code, or other jurisdictions, may have adverse effects on our results of operations.
royal caribbean cruises ltd. and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a u.s. trade or business and/or from sources within the u.s. in connection with the year end audit, each year, faegre drinker biddle & reath llp, our u.s. tax counsel, delivers to us an opinion, based on certain representations and assumptions set forth in it, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is excluded from gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes pursuant to section 883 of the internal revenue code. we believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of ships.
our ability to rely on section 883 could be challenged or could change in the future. provisions of the internal revenue code, including section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of liberia or the bahamas, such that they no longer qualify as equivalent exemption jurisdictions, that could affect our eligibility for the section 883 exemption. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from u.s. income tax on u.s. source shipping income in the future. if we were not entitled to the benefit of section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to u.s. taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income.
additionally, portions of our business are operated by companies that are within the united kingdom tonnage tax regime. further, some of our operations are conducted in jurisdictions where we rely on tax treaties to provide exemption from taxation. to the extent the united kingdom tonnage tax laws change or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualification requirements or if tax treaties are changed or revoked, we may be required to pay higher income tax in these jurisdictions, adversely impacting our results of operations.
the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd) has issued pillar two model rules introducing a new global minimum tax of 15%, which may materially impact us starting in 2026. while we are currently pursuing mitigation strategies, there can be no guarantee they will be successful and the impact to our to our financial statements could be material. in addition, as budgetary constraints may adversely impact fiscal policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may be subject to changes in our existing tax treatment or other tax reform, as well as increased tax audits.
we are not a u.s. corporation and, as a result, our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting their interests.
our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and by-laws and by the business corporation act of liberia. the provisions of the business corporation act of liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the u.s. however, there are very few judicial cases in liberia interpreting the business corporation act. while the business corporation act provides that it is to be applied and construed to make the laws of liberia, with respect of the subject matter of the business corporation act, harmonious with the laws of the state of delaware, we cannot predict whether liberian courts would reach the same conclusions as delaware courts. in cases when the laws of liberia are silent, the business corporation act adopts, when applicable, the non-statutory corporation law of delaware with substantially similar legislative provisions insofar as it does not conflict with any other provisions of the business corporation act or decisions of the courts of liberia, and provides that the courts of liberia may apply such non-statutory corporation law in resolving any issues before such courts. we cannot predict to what extent or in what manner the courts of liberia will apply the non-statutory corporation law of delaware. the right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in liberian courts may be more limited than in u.s. jurisdictions. there may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in liberia, and liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. thus, our shareholders may have more difficulty challenging actions taken by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a u.s. jurisdiction.
general risk factors conducting business globally results in increased regulatory, financial, and other risks.
we operate our business globally, which exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, u.s. and global anti-bribery laws and regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings.
our future growth strategies depend on the sustained profitability of international markets. factors that will be critical to our success in these markets include our ability to continue to raise awareness of our products and our ability to adapt our offerings to best suit rapidly evolving consumer demands. the execution of our planned growth strategies is dependent on meeting the governmental and regulatory measures and policies in each of these markets. our ability to realize our future growth strategy is highly dependent on our ability to satisfy country-specific policies and requirements, as well as meet the needs of region-specific consumer preferences. these factors may cause us to reevaluate some of our international business strategies.
operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we cannot guarantee consistent interpretation, application, and enforcement of newly issued rules and regulations, which could place limits on our operations or increase our costs, as well as negatively impact our future growth strategies in our key growth markets. we must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. however, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate properly adhere to applicable laws and regulations. in addition, we may be exposed to the risk of penalties and other liabilities if we fail to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs, which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
as a global operator, our business also may be impacted by changes in u.s. policy or priorities in areas such as trade, immigration and/or environmental or labor regulations, among others. depending on the nature and scope of any such changes, they could impact our domestic and international business operations. any such changes, and any international response to them, could potentially introduce new barriers to passenger or crew travel and/or cross border transactions, impact our guest experience and/or increase our operating costs.
if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
the terms of our existing debt financing gives, and any future preferred equity or debt financing may give, holders of any preferred securities or debt securities rights that are senior to rights of our common shareholders.
the holders of our existing debt have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock in the event of liquidation. if we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of preferred stock or convertible securities, the terms of the debt or the preferred stock issued may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, particularly in the event of liquidation. if we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, the ownership percentage of our existing shareholders would be diluted.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates could affect our financial results.
we are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates. significant changes in any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and natural offsets. our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted, often significantly, by changes in each of these factors.
a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable rates that are linked to changing market interest rates. as a result, an increase in market interest rates would increase our interest expense and our debt service obligations. as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $3.7 billion of indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates, which is net of our interest rate swap agreements. this amount represented approximately 16.8% of our total indebtedness. as of december 31, 2023, a hypothetical 1% increase in prevailing interest rates would increase our forecasted 2023 interest expense by approximately $25.5 million. additionally, the value of our earnings in foreign currencies is adversely impacted by a strong u.s. dollar.
in particular, increases in fuel prices have and could continue to materially and adversely affect our business as fuel prices impact not only our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight, and commodity prices. mandatory fuel restrictions may also create uncertainty related to the price and availability of certain fuel types potentially impacting operating costs and the value of our related hedging instruments.
any further impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets, equity investments and notes receivable could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. we also evaluate other assets, including but not limited to intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. a challenging operating environment, conditions affecting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, expected ship deliveries, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations. reductions of cash flows used in the valuation analyses may result in the recording of impairments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
the loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees and on our ability to recruit, develop and retain high quality personnel as well as having adequate succession plans and back-up operating plans for when critical executives are unable to serve. as demand for qualified personnel in the industry grows, we must continue to effectively recruit, train, motivate and retain our employees, both shoreside and on our ships, in order to effectively compete in our industry, maintain our current business and support our projected global growth.
we have in the past and may in the future experience difficulty recruiting and retaining qualified personnel primarily due to competitive labor markets. a prolonged shortage of qualified personnel and/or increased turnover may inhibit our ability to operate our business in an optimal manner, and may result in increased costs if we need to hire temporary personnel, and/or increased wages and/or benefits in order to attract and retain employees, all of which may negatively impact our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2023, approximately 88% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. a dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. in addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships. we may also be subject to or affected by work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. any such work stoppages or potential work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, as could a loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or disruptions among our personnel.
if we are unable to keep pace with developments, design, and implementation in technology, our operations or competitive position could become impaired.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. these technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, upgraded and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations as well as to process our information effectively. if we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters, if there are any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in design or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, which could impair our operating results.
we may be unable to procure appropriate technology in a timely manner or at all or we may incur significant costs in doing so. a failure to adopt the appropriate technology, or a failure or obsolescence in the technology that we have adopted, could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are exposed to cyber security attacks and data breaches and the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining data integrity and security.
we are subject to cyber security attacks. these cyber attacks can vary in scope and intent from attacks with the objective of compromising our systems, networks, and communications for economic gain or with the objective of disrupting, disabling or otherwise compromising our maritime and/or shoreside operations. the attacks can encompass a wide range of methods and intent, including phishing attacks, generative artificial intelligence impersonation, illegitimate requests for payment, theft of intellectual property, theft of confidential or non-public information, installation of malware, installation of ransomware and theft of personal or business information. the frequency and sophistication of, and methods used to conduct, these attacks, have increased over time.
a successful cyber security attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party's inadequate care, or resulting from vulnerabilities in licensed software. in either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our brand reputation, and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines, and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments.
we are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information. in the regular course of business, we collect employee, customer, and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information and individual payment data, for various business purposes. although we have policies and procedures in place to safeguard such sensitive information, this information has been and could be subject to cyber security attacks and the aforementioned risks. in addition, we are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information and individual payment data. those laws include, among others, the european union general data protection regulation and similar state agencies that impose additional cyber security requirements. complying with these and other applicable laws has caused, and may cause, us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, and our failure to do so may expose us to substantial fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation, or other expenses and adversely affect our business. further, any changes to laws or regulations, including new restrictions or requirements applicable to our business, or an increase in enforcement of existing laws and regulations, could expose us to additional costs and liability and could limit our use and disclosure of such information.
while we continue to evolve our cyber security practices in line with our business' reliance on technology and the changing external threat landscape, and we invest time, effort and financial resources to secure our systems, networks and communications, our security measures cannot provide absolute assurance that we will be successful in preventing or defending from all cyber security attacks or incidents impacting our operation. there can be no assurance that any breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results.
any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. further, if we or our vendors experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various u.s. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. we cannot predict the quantum or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. while some of these claims are covered by insurance, we cannot be certain that all of them will be, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "considering," "could," "driving," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will", "would", and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a herein.
all forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date of this filing. given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized to present the following:
a review of our critical accounting policies and estimates and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022; and
a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and material cash requirements and potential funding sources.
a discussion of our results of operations, and sources and uses of cash for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 is included in part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 23, 2023 and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows:
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 10%-15% projected residual value, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30-35 years. the 30-35 year useful life and 10%-15% residual value is the weighted-average of all major components of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, environmental regulations, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. we employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level, in order to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. however, we estimate the costs, useful lives and residual values of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives, as well as our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized within cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
we periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long term views on our intended use of each class of ships the planned level of improvements to maintain, enhance, and to comply with environmental regulations for vessels within those classes. in the event a factor is identified that may trigger a change in the estimated useful lives and residual values of our ships, a review of the estimate is completed.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss on disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2023 would have increased by approximately $100 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2023 would have increased by approximately $345 million. we have evaluated our estimated ship useful lives and projected residual values in light of our current environment and determined that there are no changes to these estimates. refer to note 6. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on our ships.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, and if necessary, a goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
the goodwill impairment analysis consists of a comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. we typically estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow model, which may also include a combination of a market-based valuation approach. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, and assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2023 impairment assessment consisted of:
forecasted revenues per available passenger cruise day;
occupancy rates from existing vessels;
vessel operating expenses;
terminal growth rate; and
weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
the discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital.
if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no write-down of goodwill is required. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, an impairment is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit. refer to note 4. goodwill to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on goodwill.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets can be performed using a qualitative or quantitative impairment assessment. the quantitative assessment consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying value. we estimate the fair value of these assets using a discounted cash flow model and various valuation methods depending on the nature of the intangible asset, such as the relief-from-royalty method, for trademarks and trade names. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2023 impairment assessment consisted of:
forecasted revenues per available passenger cruise day;
occupancy rates from existing vessels ;
terminal growth rate;
royalty rate; and
weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying value, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. refer to note 5. intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on indefinite-life and finite-life intangible assets.
we review our ships and other long-lived assets, including right-of-use assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on recent and projected cash flow performance and remaining useful lives, that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships. if estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value. refer to note 6. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on determination of fair value for long-lived assets.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available, we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
royal caribbean international reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed a quantitative analysis as part of our annual impairment review of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. as of november 30, 2023, the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit was determined using a discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the test, we determined the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by more than 100% as of november 30, 2023, resulting in no impairment to royal caribbean international's goodwill.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. based on our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and thus, we did not proceed to the goodwill impairment test.
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean reporting unit was $296.4 million.
we did not perform interim impairment evaluations of royal caribbean international's goodwill during 2023 and 2022, as no triggering events were identified.
silversea cruises reporting unit during the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, we performed a quantitative analysis as part of our annual impairment review of the silversea cruises reporting unit. as of november 30, 2023, and november 30, 2022, the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit was determined using a probability weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the tests, we determined the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 63% and 26% as of november 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' goodwill. the carrying value of goodwill attributable to our silversea cruises reporting unit was $509 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
during the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, we performed our annual impairment reviews of the silversea cruises trade name. as a result of the quantitative tests, we determined that the fair value of the silversea cruises' trade name exceeded its carrying value by approximately 62% and 25%, as of november 30, 2023 and november 30, 2022, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' trade name.
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying value of indefinite-life intangible assets was $321 million, which primarily relates to the silversea cruises trade name.
we did not perform interim impairment evaluations of silversea cruises' goodwill or trade names during 2023 and 2022, as no triggering events were identified.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. although some of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
on a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we value floors which are embedded within our interest rate swaps using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available market data, such as forward interest rates and interest rate volatility. we apply present value techniques to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we estimate the fair value of our fuel swaps using expected future cash flows based on the swaps' contract terms and forward prices. we derive forward prices from published forward fuel curves which in turn are based on actual market transactions and published price quotes for similar assets. we apply present value techniques to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments. we also corroborate our fair value estimates using valuations provided by our counterparties.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand has historically been strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have historically focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period.
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
passenger ticket revenues, which consist of revenue recognized from the sale of passenger tickets and the sale of air transportation to and from our ships; and
onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, casino operations, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance, pre- and post-cruise tours and fees for operating certain port facilities. onboard and other revenues also include revenues we receive from independent third party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
cruise operating expenses our cruise operating expenses are comprised of the following:
commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel advisor commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees, as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
food expenses, which include food costs for both guests and crew;
fuel expenses, which include fuel and related delivery, storage and emission consumable costs and the financial impact of fuel swap agreements; and
other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.
we do not allocate payroll and related expenses, food expenses, fuel expenses or other operating expenses to the expense categories attributable to passenger ticket revenues or onboard and other revenues since they are incurred to provide the total cruise vacation experience.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are provided along with the related gaap financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap measure that represents ebitda (as defined below) excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our profitability on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) other expense, which includes the loss contingency in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation recorded in other expenses in 2022; (ii) gain on sale of controlling interest; (iii) impairment and credit losses; (iv) restructuring charges and other initiative expense; (v) equity investment impairment and recovery of losses; (vi) pullmantur reorganization settlement; (vii) net insurance recoveries or costs related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas; and (viii) the net gain recognized in 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand; a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to adjusted ebitda is provided below under results of operations.
adjusted earnings (loss) per share ("adjusted eps") is a non-gaap measure that represents adjusted net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. (as defined below) divided by weighted average shares outstanding or by diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as applicable. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis.
adjusted net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. is a non-gaap measure that represents net income (loss) less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) loss on extinguishment of debt; (ii) gain on sale of controlling interest; (iii) tax on the sale of portmiami noncontrolling interest; (iv)
silver whisper deferred tax liability release; (v) impairment and credit losses; (vi) the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the silversea cruises acquisition in 2018; (vii) restructuring charges and other initiative expenses; (viii) equity investments impairment and recovery of losses; (ix) loss contingency recorded in 2022 in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of related legal fees and costs; (x) convertible debt amortization of debt discount; (xi) the 2021 pullmantur reorganization settlement; (xii) net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas incident; (xiii) the net gain recognized in 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand; and (xiv) the net loss recognized in 2021 related to the elimination of the three-month reporting lag for silversea cruises. a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to adjusted net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. is provided below under results of operations.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and cabins not available for sale. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
ebitda is a non-gaap measure that represents of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. excluding (i) interest income; (ii) interest expense, net of interest capitalized; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; and (iv) income tax benefit or expense. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our operating performance on a comparative basis. a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to ebitda is provided below under results of operations.
gross cruise costs represent the sum of total cruise operating expenses plus marketing, selling and administrative expenses.
carbon intensity is our measurement of carbon dioxide emissions per gross tonne nautical mile (well-to-wake).
net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel are non-gaap measures that represent gross cruise costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses, onboard and other expenses and, in the case of net cruise costs excluding fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our cost performance. for the 2023 period presented, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel excludes (i) gain on sale of controlling interest; (ii) impairment and credit losses; and (iii) restructuring and other initiative expenses. a reconciliation of gross cruise costs to net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel is provided below under results of operations.
gross margin yield represent gross margin per apcd.
adjusted gross margin represent gross margin, adjusted for payroll and related, food, fuel, other operating, and depreciation and amortization expenses. gross margin is calculated pursuant to gaap as total revenues less total cruise operating expenses, and depreciation and amortization.
net yields represent adjusted gross margin per apcd. we utilize adjusted gross margin and net yields to manage our business on a day-to-day basis as we believe that they are the most relevant measures of our pricing performance because they reflect the cruise revenues earned by us net of our most significant variable costs, which are commissions, transportation and other expenses, and onboard and other expenses.
invested capital represents the most recent five-quarter average of total debt (i.e., current portion of long-term debt plus long-term debt) plus the most recent five-quarter average of total shareholders' equity. we use this measure to calculate roic (as defined below).
adjusted operating income (loss) is a non-gaap measure that represents operating income (loss) including income (loss) from equity investments and income taxes but excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our operating performance on a comparative basis. we use this non-gaap measure to calculate roic (as defined below).
return on invested capital ("roic") represents adjusted operating income (loss) divided by invested capital. we believe roic is a meaningful measure because it quantifies how efficiently we generated operating income relative to the capital we have invested in the business. roic is also used as a key metric in our long-term incentive compensation program for our executive officers.
occupancy ("load factor"), in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days (as defined below) by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
passenger cruise days represent the number of passengers carried for the period multiplied by the number of days of their respective cruises.
the use of certain non-gaap measures, such as net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. we believe these non-gaap measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard gaap based financial measures. there are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-gaap measures, and as such, they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry.
we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected non-gaap financial measures to the most comparable gaap financial measures because preparation of meaningful u.s. gaap projections would require unreasonable effort. due to significant uncertainty, we are unable to predict, without unreasonable effort, the future movement of foreign exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates inclusive of our related hedging programs. in addition, we are unable to determine the future impact of non-core business related gains and losses which may result from strategic initiatives. these items are uncertain and could be material to our results of operations in accordance with u.s gaap. due to this uncertainty, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful.
executive overview
2023 performance was exceptionally strong and significantly exceeded our expectations.
we took delivery of three new ships (silver nova, celebrity ascent and icon of the seas), expanded perfect day at cococay's capacity with the launch of hideaway beach, and successfully returned to normalized load factors of 105.6%, with peak summer sailings reaching load factors of 110%. we achieved strong financial performance, including ebitda of $4.5 billion in 2023, record adjusted ebitda per apcd and record roic. in addition, 2023 delivered record net yields and adjusted ebitda, and we made significant progress in repairing our balance sheet, repaying approximately $4.0 billion of debt.
our 2023 net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. was $1.7 billion, or $6.31 per diluted share, compared to net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $1.9 billion, or $8.95 per diluted share in 2019, the most recent year of normalized operations. adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. for 2023 was $1.8 billion, or $6.77 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $2.0 billion, or $9.54 per diluted share in 2019. 2023 adjusted ebitda was $4.5 billion, compared to adjusted ebitda of $3.6 billion in 2019.
total revenues in 2023 were $13.9 billion, exceeding the previous record of $11.0 billion in 2019 driven by strong ticket revenue and onboard revenue performance, inclusive of capacity growth. as a result of this, gross margin yields increased 13.2% as-reported, and net yields increased 13.5% in constant-currency, both compared to 2019. the strength in revenue and improved cash flow, combined with our margin expansion efforts allowed us to accelerate debt repayment, improving our debt maturity profile.
cruise operating expenses increased from $6.1 billion in 2019 to $7.8 billion in 2023. gross cruise costs per apcd increased 10.9% as-reported and 11.3% in constant currency, compared to 2019. net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per apcd increased 7.5% as-reported and 7.9% in constant currency, compared to 2019. our disciplined cost control helped mitigate the effects of inflation. for 2023, net cruise costs included $2.31 per apcd of structural costs which were not present in 2019, including increased costs associated with perfect day at cococay, our galveston terminal, and roll-out of starlink internet onboard our fleet.
in 2024, we expect our capacity to increase by 8.5% compared to 2023, with the addition of silver ray and utopia of the seas and a full year of operations for silver nova, celebrity ascent, and icon of the seas (which began revenue sailings in january 2024). utopia of the seas will be the first oasis class ship focused on short caribbean itineraries, and we also return to china for the first time since 2019 with spectrum of the seas. in addition, we will continue the construction of the first royal beach club at paradise island, bahamas, set to open in 2025. our new ships, optimized deployment, continued load factor growth and enhanced onboard offerings are expected to drive growth in net yields and total revenues. during 2024, we are expected to have 20 ships in drydock, due to our growing fleet combined with the timing of restarting our entire fleet, and we plan to continue investing in newbuilds and retrofitting our existing fleet with technology to help reach our long-term goals to reduce carbon intensity.
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2023 include:
net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. for the year ended december 31, 2023 was $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion, or $6.31 and $6.77 per share on a diluted basis, respectively, compared to net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. and adjusted net loss attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $(2.2) billion and $(1.9) billion, or $(8.45) and $(7.50) per share on a diluted basis, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2022.
total revenues increased by $5.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by our full operations at higher occupancy, capacity, and ticket prices in 2023, compared to partial to full operations during the first half and second half of 2022, respectively, at lower occupancy and capacity rates.
total cruise operating expenses increased by $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. the increase reflects our operations in 2023 at higher capacity and occupancy, compared to the same period in 2022.
in february 2023, we issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25% senior guaranteed notes due january 2030 ("7.25% priority guaranteed notes"). upon closing, we terminated our commitment for the $700 million 364-day term loan facility. in addition, the remaining $350 million backstop committed financing was also terminated upon closing,
effective march 31, 2023, we closed on the previously announced partnership with icon. as part of the transaction, we sold 80% of portmiami for $209 million and retained a 20% minority interest. the partnership will own, develop, and manage cruise terminal facilities and infrastructure in key ports of call, initially including several development projects in italy, spain, and the u.s. virgin islands. refer to note 7. investments and other assets in our consolidated financial statements for further information on the transaction.
in june 2023, our 4.25% convertible senior notes with an outstanding balance of $350 million were settled using a combination of $338 million in cash, and the issuance of approximately 374,000 shares of common stock. the issuance of equity increased additional paid in capital by an immaterial amount.
in june 2023, we took delivery of silver nova, and in november 2023, we took delivery of celebrity ascent, and icon of the seas. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the financing of the ships. silver nova, celebrity ascent, and icon of the seas entered service in the third and fourth quarters of 2023, and the first quarter of 2024, respectively.
in november 2023, we settled $225 million of our 2.875% convertible senior notes. the notes were settled using a combination of $225 million in cash and the issuance of approximately 147,000 shares of common stock. the issuance of equity increased additional paid in capital by an immaterial amount.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we executed and amended various financing arrangements on our two unsecured revolving credit facilities. following these refinancings, our aggregate revolving credit commitments are $3.5 billion, with $1.7 billion scheduled to mature in october 2026, and $1.7 billion scheduled to mature in october 2028, and $97 million scheduled to mature in april 2025.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we fully repaid the $1.4 billion outstanding balance on our 11.50% secured senior notes due in june 2025.
for further information regarding the debt transactions discussed above, refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on our 2023 financing activity.
we reported net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd., adjusted net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd., earnings (loss) per share and adjusted earnings (loss) per share as shown in the following table (in millions, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                  2022                          2021
net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                    $1,697                      $(2,156)                      $(5,260)
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                       121                            94                           139
gain on sale of controlling interest (1)                                                                             (3)                             -                             -
portmiami tax on sale of noncontrolling interest (2)                                                                   7                             -                             -
silver whisper deferred tax liability release (3)                                                                   (26)                             -                             -
impairment and credit losses (4)                                                                                       8                             1                            82
amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the silversea cruises acquisition (5)               6                             6                             6
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense                                                                    5                            12                             2
equity investment impairment and recovery of losses (6)                                                               12                             -                            31
litigation loss contingency (7)                                                                                        -                           130                             -
convertible debt amortization of debt discount (8)                                                                     -                             -                           104
pullmantur reorganization settlement (9)                                                                               -                             -                            10
oasis of the seas incident (10)                                                                                        -                             -                           (7)
net gain related to the sale of azamara brand (11)                                                                     -                             -                           (3)
net loss related to the elimination of the silversea cruises reporting lag (12)                                        -                             -                            63
adjusted net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                           $1,827                      $(1,913)                      $(4,833)
basic:
earnings (loss) per share                                                                                          $6.63                       $(8.45)                      $(20.89)
adjusted earnings (loss) per share                                                                                 $7.14                       $(7.50)                      $(19.19)
diluted:
earnings (loss) per share (13)                                                                                     $6.31                       $(8.45)                      $(20.89)
adjusted earnings (loss) per share (13)                                                                            $6.77                       $(7.50)                      $(19.19)
weighted-average shares outstanding:
basic                                                                                                                256                           255                           252
diluted                                                                                                              283                           255                           252
(1)    represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2)    represents tax on the portmiami sale of noncontrolling interest. these amounts are included in other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(3)    represents the release of the deferred tax liability subsequent to the execution of the bargain purchase option for the silver whisper. these amounts are included in other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(4)    represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). for 2022 and 2021, amounts represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19, net of the recovery of credit losses previously recognized
(5)    represents the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition.
(6)    for 2023, represents equity method impairments of $13 million and recognition of deferred currency translation adjustment losses of $4 million. these amounts are included in equity investment income (loss) and other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), respectively. additionally, 2023, includes a $4 million recovery of losses from one of our equity method investees recognized during the second quarter of 2023. for 2021, amount represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investments in tui cruises gmbh as a result of the impact of covid-19. these amount is included in equity investment income (loss) within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(7)    represents the 2022 loss contingency recorded in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of post-judgment interest and related legal fees and costs. this amount is included in other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(8)    represents the amortization of non-cash debt discount on our convertible notes. for further information regarding the adoption of asu 2020-06 as of january 1, 2022, which impacts the accounting of the non-cash debt discount on convertible notes, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
(9)    represents estimated cash refunds expected to be paid to pullmantur guests and other expenses incurred as part of the pullmantur s.a. reorganization.
(10)    amounts include net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas.
(11)    represents the net gain recognized in 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand.
(12)    represents the net loss related to the elimination of the silversea cruises reporting lag.
(13)    for 2023, diluted eps and adjusted eps includes the add-back of dilutive interest expense related to our convertible notes of $88 million.
year ended december 31,
2019
net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                                                      $1,879
oasis of the seas incident, grand bahama's drydock write-off and other incidental expenses (1)                                                                                   35
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                                                                    6
change in the fair value of contingent consideration and amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets related to silversea cruises acquisition (2)                        31
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (3)                                                                                                                          14
transaction and integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition (2)                                                                                                2
noncontrolling interest adjustment (4)                                                                                                                                           36
adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                                                                                                             $2,003
basic:
earnings per share                                                                                                                                                            $8.97
adjusted earnings per share                                                                                                                                                   $9.56
diluted:
earnings per share                                                                                                                                                            $8.95
adjusted earnings per share                                                                                                                                                   $9.54
weighted-average shares outstanding:
basic                                                                                                                                                                           209
diluted                                                                                                                                                                         210
(1)amount includes incidental costs, net of insurance recoveries of $14 million related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, which were reported primarily within other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019; and $21 million regarding the grand bahama incident involving one of its drydocks, included in our equity investment income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(2)represents the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration and the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition.
(3)represents restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure and other initiatives expenses.
(4)adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by silversea cruises group ltd.'s noncontrolling interest.
the following table presents operating results as a percentage of total revenues for the last three years:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                      2022                        2021
passenger ticket revenues                                                 68.8   %                    65.5   %                    61.4   %
onboard and other revenues                                                31.2   %                    34.5   %                    38.6   %
total revenues                                                           100.0   %                   100.0   %                   100.0   %
cruise operating expenses:
commissions, transportation and other                                     14.4   %                    15.4   %                    13.6   %
onboard and other                                                          5.8   %                     6.8   %                     7.6   %
payroll and related                                                        8.6   %                    14.6   %                    54.7   %
food                                                                       5.9   %                     7.4   %                    10.7   %
fuel                                                                       8.3   %                    12.1   %                    25.1   %
other operating                                                           12.9   %                    18.6   %                    67.0   %
total cruise operating expenses                                           55.9   %                    74.8   %                   178.8   %
marketing, selling and administrative expenses                            12.9   %                    17.9   %                    89.4   %
depreciation and amortization expenses                                    10.5   %                    15.9   %                    84.4   %
operating income (loss)                                                   20.7   %                   (8.7)   %                 (252.6)   %
other income (expense):
interest income                                                            0.3   %                     0.4   %                     1.1   %
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                           (10.1)   %                  (15.4)   %                  (84.3)   %
equity investment income (loss)                                            1.4   %                     0.6   %                   (8.8)   %
other (expense) income                                                   (0.1)   %                   (1.3)   %                     1.3   %
(8.4)   %                  (15.7)   %                  (90.7)   %
net income (loss)                                                         12.3   %                  (24.4)   %                 (343.3)   %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                   0.1   %                       -   %                       -   %
net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.            12.2   %                  (24.4)   %                 (343.3)   %
selected statistical information is shown in the following table:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                       2022                        2021(1)(2)
passengers carried                7,646,203                       5,536,335                       1,030,403
passenger cruise days            49,549,127                      35,051,935                       5,802,582
apcd                             46,916,259                      41,197,650                      11,767,441
occupancy                             105.6   %                        85.1   %                        49.3     %
___________________________________________________________________
(1)    due to the elimination of the silversea cruises three-month reporting lag in october of 2021, we include silversea cruises' metrics from october 1, 2020 through june 30, 2021 and october 1 through december 31, 2021 in the year ended december 31, 2021. the year ended december 31, 2021 does not include july, august, and september 2021 statistics as silversea cruises' results of operations for those months are included within other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the year ended december 31, 2021. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the three-month reporting lag.
(2) for the year ended december, 31, 2021, we include azamara cruises' metrics through march 19, 2021, the effective sale date of the brand. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the sale of the azamara cruises brand.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda were calculated as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2023                          2022                          2021
net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd.                   $1,697                      $(2,156)                      $(5,260)
interest income                                                                    (36)                          (36)                          (17)
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                                     1,402                         1,364                         1,292
depreciation and amortization expenses                                            1,455                         1,407                         1,293
income tax expense (benefit) (1)                                                      6                             4                          (47)
ebitda                                                                            4,524                           583                       (2,739)
other expense (2)                                                                     2                           115                            27
gain on sale of controlling interest (3)                                            (3)                             -                             -
impairment and credit losses (4)                                                      8                             1                            82
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense                                   5                            12                             2
equity investment impairment and recovery of losses (5)                               8                             -                            31
pullmantur reorganization settlement (6)                                              -                             -                             5
oasis of the seas incident (7)                                                        -                             -                           (7)
net gain related to the sale of azamara brand                                         -                             -                           (3)
adjusted ebitda                                                                  $4,544                          $711                      $(2,602)
(1) these amounts are included in other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2) represents net non-operating expense. for 2022, primarily represents our loss contingency recorded in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of related legal fees and costs. for 2021 primarily relates to changes in the fair value of fuel swaps for which cash flow hedge accounting was discontinued. the amount excludes income tax expense (benefit), included in the ebitda calculation above.
(3) represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(4) represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). for 2022 and 2021, amounts represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19, net of the recovery of credit losses previously recognized.
(5) for 2023, represents equity method impairments of $13 million recognized during the third quarter of 2023, and a $4 million recovery of losses from one of our equity method investees recognized during the second quarter of 2023. for 2021, amount represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investments in tui cruises gmbh, as a result of the impact of covid-19. these amounts are included in equity investment income (loss) within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(6) represents estimated cash refunds expected to be paid to pullmantur guests and other expenses incurred as part of the pullmantur s.a. reorganization..
(7) represents net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas.
gross margin yields and net yields were calculated by dividing gross margin and adjusted gross margin by apcd as follows (in millions, except apcd and yields):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                      2022                            2021
total revenues                                     $13,900                          $8,840                          $1,532
less:
cruise operating expenses                            7,775                           6,616                           2,739
depreciation and amortization expenses               1,455                           1,407                           1,293
gross margin                                         4,670                             817                         (2,500)
add:
payroll and related                                  1,197                           1,288                             838
food                                                   819                             653                             164
fuel                                                 1,150                           1,073                             385
other operating                                      1,799                           1,648                           1,027
depreciation and amortization expenses               1,455                           1,407                           1,293
adjusted gross margin                              $11,090                          $6,886                          $1,207
apcd                                            46,916,259                      41,197,650                      11,767,441
gross margin yields                                 $99.54                          $19.83                       $(212.45)
net yields                                         $236.38                         $167.15                         $102.57
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                         2023 on a constant currency basis                                  2019
total revenues                                     $13,900                   $-                                                          $10,951
less:
cruise operating expenses                            7,775                   -                                                             6,063
depreciation and amortization expenses               1,455                   -                                                             1,246
gross margin                                         4,670                   4,699                                                         3,642
add:
payroll and related                                  1,197                   -                                                             1,079
food                                                   819                   -                                                               584
fuel                                                 1,150                   -                                                               698
other operating                                      1,799                   -                                                             1,406
depreciation and amortization expenses               1,455                   -                                                             1,246
adjusted gross margin                              $11,090                   $11,123                                                      $8,655
apcd                                            46,916,259                   46,916,259                                               41,432,451
gross margin yields                                 $99.54                   $100.16                                                      $87.90
net yields                                         $236.38                   $237.08                                                     $208.89
gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in millions, except apcd and costs per apcd):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                        2022                            2021
total cruise operating expenses                                       $7,775                          $6,616                          $2,739
marketing, selling and administrative expenses                         1,792                           1,583                           1,370
gross cruise costs                                                     9,567                           8,199                           4,109
less:
commissions, transportation and other                                  2,001                           1,357                             208
onboard and other                                                        809                             597                             117
net cruise costs including other costs                                 6,757                           6,245                           3,784
less:
gain on sale of controlling interests (1)                                (3)                               -                               -
impairment and credit losses (2)                                           8                               1                              82
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (3)                    5                              12                               2
net cruise costs                                                       6,747                           6,232                           3,700
less:
fuel                                                                   1,150                           1,073                             385
net cruise costs excluding fuel                                       $5,597                          $5,159                          $3,315
apcd                                                              46,916,259                      41,197,650                      11,767,441
gross cruise costs per apcd                                          $203.92                         $199.02                         $349.18
net cruise costs per apcd                                            $143.81                         $151.27                         $314.43
net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd                             $119.30                         $125.23                         $281.71
(1) represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2) represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). for 2022 and 2021, amounts represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19, net of the recovery of credit losses previously recognized.
(3) these amounts are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in millions, except apcd and costs per apcd):
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                        2023 on a constant currency basis                                  2019
total cruise operating expenses                                                                                    $7,775                   $-                                                           $6,063
marketing, selling and administrative expenses                                                                      1,792                   -                                                             1,559
gross cruise costs                                                                                                  9,567                   9,602                                                         7,622
less:
commissions, transportation and other                                                                               2,001                   -                                                             1,656
onboard and other                                                                                                     809                   -                                                               640
net cruise costs including other costs                                                                              6,757                                                                                 5,326
less:
gain on sale of controlling interests (1)                                                                             (3)                   -                                                                 -
impairment and credit losses (2)                                                                                        8                   -                                                                 -
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (3)                                                                 5                   -                                                                14
integration costs related to silversea cruises acquisition (3)                                                          -                   -                                                                 1
transaction costs related to silversea cruises acquisition (3)                                                          -                   -                                                                 1
incidental costs related to the oasis of the seas incident included within other operating expenses                     -                   -                                                                15
net cruise costs                                                                                                    6,747                   6,769                                                         5,295
less:
fuel                                                                                                                1,150                   -                                                               698
net cruise costs excluding fuel                                                                                    $5,597                   $5,619                                                       $4,597
apcd                                                                                                           46,916,259                   46,916,259                                               41,432,451
gross cruise costs per apcd                                                                                       $203.92                   $204.66                                                     $183.96
net cruise costs per apcd                                                                                         $143.81                   $144.28                                                     $127.80
net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd                                                                          $119.30                   $119.77                                                     $110.95
(1) represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2) represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(3) these amounts are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
year ended december 31, 2023 compared to year ended december 31, 2022
in this section, references to 2023 refer to the year ended december 31, 2023 and references to 2022 refer to the year ended december 31, 2022.
revenues total revenues increased $5.1 billion, or 57.2%, to $13.9 billion in 2023 from $8.8 billion in 2022.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 68.8% of our 2023 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $3.8 billion, or 65.2% to $9.6 billion in 2023 from $5.8 billion in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by a 20.5% higher occupancy, 13.9% increase in capacity, and higher ticket prices in 2023, compared to the same period in 2022.
the remaining 31.2% of total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $1.3 billion, or 42.2% to $4.3 billion in 2023 from $3.0 billion in 2022. the increase was primarily due the increased occupancy and capacity noted above in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022.
the increase in revenues reflect our full operations in 2023 at higher occupancy, capacity, and prices, compared to a partial return to operations during the first half of 2022, full operations in the second half of 2022 at lower occupancy and capacity rates. occupancy in 2023 was 105.6% compared to 85.1% in 2022.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $472 million in 2023 and $332 million in 2022.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses increased by $1.2 billion, or 17.5%, to $7.8 billion in 2023 from $6.6 billion in 2022. the increase was primarily due to:
a $644 million increase in commissions, transportation and other expenses; and
a $212 million increase in onboard and other expenses;
a $166 million increase in food costs;
a $151 million increase in other operating expenses; and
a $77 million increase in fuel expense.
the increase in operating expenses noted above reflects full operations in 2023, including additional capacity and higher occupancy compared to the same period in 2022, offset by a decrease of $91 million in payroll and related due to additional costs incurred during our return to service in 2022, which did not recur in 2023.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased $209 million, or 13.2% to $1.8 billion in 2023 from $1.6 billion in 2022, driven by an increase in payroll and benefits expense primarily driven by an increase in headcount and higher stock price year over year related to our performance share awards.
other income (expense)
equity investment income (loss) increased $143 million, or 250.9%, to $200 million in 2023 from $57 million in 2022. the increase in income was primarily due to an increase of income from tui cruises, one of our equity investments, in 2023 compared to 2022.
other expense was $8 million in 2023 compared to other expense of $119 million in 2022. the $111 million improvement is mainly driven by the loss contingency of $130 million recorded in 2022 in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation, which did not recur in 2023.
other comprehensive income (loss)
other comprehensive loss in 2023 was $30 million compared to other comprehensive income of $67 million in 2022. the decrease of $97 million was primarily due a loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2023 of 27 million compared to a gain on cash flow derivative hedges of $8 million in 2022, and a decrease of $43 million in change in defined benefit plans in 2023 compared to 2022.
future application of accounting standards refer to note. 2 summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash net cash provided by operating activities increased by $4.0 billion to cash provided of $4.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to cash provided of $0.5 billion for the same period in 2022. the increase was primarily attributable to higher occupancy and bookings in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022.
net cash used in investing activities increased by $0.9 billion to cash used of $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to cash used of $3.0 billion for the same period in 2022. the increase was primarily attributable to a increase in capital expenditures of $1.2 billion during 2023, compared to the same period in 2022 due to the increased cost associated with taking delivery of silver nova, celebrity ascent and icon of the seas in 2023, compared to the delivery of wonder of the seas, celebrity beyond, and silver endeavour during the same period in 2022. the increase was partially offset by a decrease in cash paid on settlement of derivative financial instruments of $270 million during 2022 compared to 2023.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was $(2) billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to cash provided of $1.7 billion for the same period in 2022. the change of $3.7 billion was primarily attributable to decrease of debt proceeds of $2.1 billion in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, and an increase in repayment of debt of $1.8 billion in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. the change was partially offset by proceeds received of $209 million for the sale of noncontrolling interest of portmiami during 2023.
future capital commitments capital expenditures our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2023, we have one oasis-class ship, and two ships of a new generation, known as our icon-class, on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 16,900 berths. as of december 31, 2023, we have one edge-class ship on order for our celebrity cruises brand, with a capacity of approximately 3,250 berths. additionally, as of december 31, 2023, we have one evolution-class ship on order for our silversea cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 730 berths. refer to item 1. business-operations for further information on our ships on order. we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship for the five ships on order for our global brands, all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. during the year ended december 31, 2023 we received commitments for the unsecured financing of the fifth edge-class ship, estimated for delivery in 2025.
as of december 31, 2023, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, excluding any ships on order by our partner brands, was approximately $7.9 billion, of which we had deposited $698 million. approximately 43.5% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2023. refer to note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
as of december 31, 2023, we anticipate overall full year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately $3.3 billion for 2024. this amount does not include any ships on order by our partner brands.
material cash requirements as of december 31, 2023, our material cash requirements were as follows (in millions):
payments due by period
2024                                                                2025                    2026                  2027                  2028            thereafter                         total operating activities:
interest on debt(1)                    $1,222                  $1,141                  $1,004                  $834                  $512               $1,104                        $5,817
other(2)                                  157                     149                     173                   141                   116      925                                     1,661
investing activities:
ship purchase obligations(3)            1,967                   2,211                   1,303                     -                     -               -                              5,481
total                                  $3,346                  $3,501                  $2,480                  $975                  $628               $2,029                       $12,959
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
(1)    long-term debt obligations mature at various dates through fiscal year 2037 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. interest on variable-rate debt is calculated based on forecasted debt balances, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements, using the applicable rate at december 31, 2023. debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2023.
(2)    amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts.
(3)     amounts are based on contractual installment and delivery dates for our ships on order. included in these figures are $4.5 billion in final contractual installments, which have committed financing covering 80% of the cost of the ships on order for our global brands, all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion or any agreements entered for ships on order that remain contingent upon completion of conditions precedent.
refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for maturities related to debt.
refer to note 9. leases to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for maturities related to lease liabilities.
refer to funding needs and sources below for discussion on the planned funding of the above material contractual obligations.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements.
refer to note 3. revenue to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for credit card processor agreements for export credit agency guarantees.
refer to note 7. investments and other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for ownership restrictions related to tui cruises.
refer to note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for other agreements.
as of december 31, 2023, other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $6.0 billion of committed financing for our ships on order. as of december 31, 2023, our obligations due through december 31, 2024 primarily consisted of $1.7 billion related to debt maturities, $1.2 billion related to interest on debt and $2.0 billion related to progress payments on our ship orders and, based on expected delivery date, the final installments payable due upon the delivery of utopia of the seas, and silver ray. we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund our obligations.
as of december 31, 2023, we had liquidity of $3.1 billion, including cash and cash equivalents of $0.5 billion, and $2.6 billion of undrawn revolving credit facility capacity. we have agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases unless we repay the remaining principal payments that were deferred under our export credit facilities in 2020 and 2021. refer to note 8. debt and note 10. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
based on our assumptions and estimates and our financial condition, we believe that we have sufficient financial resources to fund our obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. however, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate as there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements.
debt covenants our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities, and certain of our credit card processing agreements contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, limit our net debt-to-capital ratio, and maintain a minimum liquidity, and under certain facilities, to maintain a minimum level of shareholders' equity. our minimum stockholders' equity and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with our financial covenants and we estimate that we will be in compliance for at least the next twelve months.
dividends the declaration of dividends shall at all times be subject to the final determination of our board of directors that a dividend is prudent at that time in consideration of the needs of the business. in the event we declare a dividend or engage in share repurchases, we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities. accordingly, we have not declared a dividend since the first quarter of 2020.
