item 1a.    risk factors there are risks associated with an investment in our securities. the following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the following risk factors could materially adversely affect our business, including our prospects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the trading price of our securities, and/or the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business in future periods or if circumstances change.
risks related to macroeconomic conditions economic, political, and other conditions may adversely affect the global economy and/or the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products.
the global economy and retail industry are impacted by many different factors that are outside of our control, including, among others, man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases; consumer perceptions of personal well-being and safety; consumer perceptions of current and future economic conditions, including any recessionary fears; employment levels and wage rates; stock market performance; inflation; interest rates; foreign currency exchange rates; the housing market; consumer debt levels; the availability of consumer credit; the health and stability of the banking sector; the availability and price of commodities, including fuel and energy costs; global food supplies; taxation; diplomatic and trade relationships; general domestic and international political conditions; the threat, outbreak, or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts, or other hostilities; and weather conditions.
current economic conditions, most notably persisting inflationary pressures (including increases in the cost of raw materials, transportation, and salaries & benefits), high interest rates, significant foreign currency volatility, bank failures, and concerns of a potential recession, continue to impact consumer discretionary income levels, spending, and sentiment in the u.s. and beyond. in response to such pressures, as well as in an effort to reduce elevated inventory levels, many retailers (particularly in the u.s.) have become increasingly more promotional in an attempt to offset traffic declines and increase conversion. our gross margins could be adversely impacted if we were to apply a similar strategy over a prolonged period of time.
the global economy has also been negatively impacted by ongoing military conflicts taking place in various parts of the world, most notably the russia-ukraine and israel-hamas wars, other recent hostilities in the middle east, and militant attacks on cargo vessels in the red sea. although our voluntary decision to suspend operations in russia has not resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and our ongoing operations in israel are also not material, our business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by the broader macroeconomic implications resulting from these and other military conflicts, including inflationary pressures, unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, increases in energy prices, food shortages, and volatility in financial markets, among other factors, which have adversely impacted consumer sentiment and confidence. although our business has not been significantly impacted by the recent red sea crisis, it could lead to shipping delays, inventory shortages, and/or higher freight costs in the near future and beyond. it is not clear at this time how long these conflicts will endure, or if they will escalate further with additional countries declaring war against each other, which could further amplify the impacts of the various macroeconomic factors described above and potentially result in a global recession.
consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, tend to decline during periods of recession, high inflation, or rising interest rates, and at other times when disposable income is lower. unfavorable economic conditions and other factors, such as pandemic diseases and other health-related concerns, political unrest, military conflicts, and acts of terrorism, may also reduce consumers' willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores and shop-within-shops are located. further, consumers may prefer to spend more of their discretionary income on "experiences," such as dining and entertainment, over consumer goods. stay-at-home orders, social gathering restrictions, and work-from-home arrangements, such as those resulting from pandemic diseases, may also diminish consumers' demand for luxury apparel products. accordingly, a downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economies in which we, or our wholesale customers and licensing partners, sell our products, or other changes in consumer preferences, may materially adversely affect our business.
economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business.
although we believe that our existing cash and investments, cash provided by operations, and available borrowing capacity under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper borrowing program will provide us with sufficient liquidity, the impact of adverse economic conditions (such as persisting inflationary pressures and high interest rates) on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders and their ability to access global capital markets cannot be predicted. the inability of third parties to manufacture and/or ship our products due to insufficient liquidity or otherwise could impair our ability to meet the delivery date requirements of our customers. a disruption in the ability of our significant customers to access liquidity could cause serious disruptions or an overall deterioration of their businesses which could lead to a significant reduction in their future orders of our products and the inability or failure on their part to meet their payment obligations to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
any deterioration in global financial or capital markets could affect our ability to access sources of liquidity to provide for our future cash needs, increase the cost of any future financing, or cause our lenders to be unable to meet their funding commitments under our credit and overdraft facilities. we also regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured banks, which exceed the fdic insurance limits. in addition, we maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not insured or are only partially insured by the fdic or other similar agencies. bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. the failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. there can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the fdic or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the u.s. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions, or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. our major customers, suppliers, and vendors may also be subject to similar risks, which in turn could have a resulting material adverse impact on our business if they were to lose access to sufficient liquidity.
our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations.
our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. specifically, changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies impact our financial results from a transactional perspective, as our foreign operations generally purchase inventory in u.s. dollars. given that we source most of our products overseas, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. changes in currency exchange rates may also impact consumers' willingness or ability to travel abroad and/or purchase our products while traveling, as well as affect the u.s. dollar value of the foreign currency denominated prices at which our international businesses sell products. additionally, the operating results and financial position of our international subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as their financial results are translated from the respective local currency into u.s. dollars during the financial statement consolidation process. the foreign currencies to which we are exposed to from a transactional and translational perspective primarily include the euro, the japanese yen, the british pound sterling, the south korean won, the chinese renminbi, the canadian dollar, the swiss franc, and the australian dollar. the expansion of our international business increases our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk.
although we hedge certain exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary course of business, we cannot fully anticipate all of our currency exposures and therefore foreign currency fluctuations may have a material adverse impact on our business. in addition, factors that could impact the effectiveness of our hedging activities include the volatility of currency markets, the accuracy of forecasted transactions, and the availability of hedging instruments. as such, our hedging activities may not completely mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. see item 7 - "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - market risk management."
infectious disease outbreaks, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
widespread public health emergencies or infectious disease outbreaks, such as the novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as covid-19, have had, and could again in the future have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. potential impacts to our business include, but are not limited to: (i) our ability to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy; (ii) supply chain disruptions resulting from closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, shipping and loading capacity constraints, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, including any related cost increases; (iii) reduced retail traffic at our stores and those of our wholesale customers and licensing partners due to forced closures or other operational restrictions, such as reduced capacity limits and operating hours, declines in tourism, and/or potential changes in consumer behavior and shopping preferences, such as their willingness to congregate in shopping centers or other populated locations and the overall growing preference to shop online versus at traditional brick and mortar locations; (iv) potential declines in the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, caused by higher unemployment and lower disposal income levels, inflationary pressures, travel and social gathering restrictions, work-from-home arrangements, or other factors beyond our control; (v) the potential build-up of excess inventory as a result of store closures and/or lower consumer demand; (vi) temporary closures or other operational restrictions of our distribution centers and/or corporate facilities; (vii) our ability to attract, retain, and manage employees; (viii) additional costs to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities, such as more frequent and thorough cleanings of our facilities and supplying personal protection equipment; (ix)
the potential loss of one or more of our significant wholesale customers or licensing partners, or the loss of a large number of smaller wholesale customers or licensing partners, if they are not able to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions, and our ability to collect outstanding receivables; (x) increased vulnerability to data security or privacy breaches as a result of remote working arrangements; (xi) our ability to successfully negotiate with landlords to obtain rent abatements, rent deferrals, and other relief; (xii) our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments, as well as the ability of our key customers, suppliers, and vendors to do the same with regard to their own obligations; (xiii) our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to support our operations, including repayment of our debt obligations as they become due, as well as to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock; (xiv) diversion of management attention and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee morale; and (xv) our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
risks related to our strategic initiatives and restructuring activities we cannot assure the successful implementation of our growth strategy.
we have developed a long-term growth strategy with the objective of delivering sustainable, profitable growth and long-term value creation for shareholders, as outlined in item 1 - "business - objectives and opportunities." our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy is subject to various risks and uncertainties, as described herein.
although we believe that our growth strategy will lead to long-term growth in revenue and profitability, there can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits, if at all. our failure to realize the anticipated benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute the various elements of our growth strategy, changes in consumer preferences, competition, economic conditions (including ongoing inflationary pressures), and other risks described herein, such as those related to pandemic diseases, supply chain disruptions, and military conflicts or other hostilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business. such a failure could also result in the implementation of new restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term.
achievement of our growth strategy may require investment in new capabilities, distribution channels, and technologies, such as those related to our next generation transformation project. these investments may result in short-term costs without accompanying current revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. there can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits of these investments and other costs, if at all.
we may not be successful in the expansion of our multi-channel distribution network or accelerating growth in certain product categories.
implementation of our growth strategy involves the continuation and expansion of our multi-channel distribution network, including within international markets such as china, which is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to (i) identify new or underpenetrated markets where our products and brand will be accepted by consumers; (ii) attract customers, particularly in new markets; (iii) identify desirable freestanding and department store locations, the availability of which may be out of our control; (iv) negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; (v) efficiently and cost effectively build-out stores and shop-within-shops; (vi) source sufficient inventory levels timely to meet the needs of the new stores and shop-within-shops; (vii) hire, train, and retain competent store personnel; and (viii) integrate new stores and shop-within-shops into our existing systems and operations.
any of these challenges could delay or otherwise prevent us from successfully executing our distribution expansion strategy. there can be no assurance that our new stores and shop-within-shops will be successful and profitable or if the capital costs associated with the build-out of such new locations will be recovered. further, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new or existing competitors that have a more established market presence than us or other competitive advantages. other risks related to our international expansion plans include (i) changes in general economic conditions in specific countries and markets, including those resulting from inflationary pressures, pandemic diseases, natural or man-made disasters, civil or political instability, or military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities; (ii) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and any resulting anti-american sentiment; (iii) foreign government regulation; (iv) risks associated with importing products; and (v) restrictions on the repatriation of funds held internationally, among other risks described herein. if our expansion plans are unsuccessful or do not deliver an appropriate return on our investments, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
the success of our business also depends largely on our ability to continue to maintain, enhance, and expand our digital footprint and capabilities. consumers continue to increasingly shop online using computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, and also use such devices to perform comparison shopping on a real-time basis. certain adverse events, such as pandemic diseases and severe weather, tend to amplify this trend, as consumers may find it difficult to travel to our brick and mortar locations or otherwise prefer to avoid populated locations, such as indoor shopping centers. any failure on our part, or on the part of our third-party digital partners, to provide attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce platforms, including mobile apps, could negatively impact our customers' shopping experience resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands, and lost sales. in addition, as we continue to expand and increase the global presence of our digital commerce business, sales from our brick and mortar stores and wholesale channels of distribution in areas where digital commerce sites are introduced may decline due to changes in consumer shopping habits and cannibalization.
our growth strategy also includes accelerating growth in certain high-potential, underdeveloped product categories, comprised of outerwear, home, and womenswear. we compete with other retailers in these product categories, some of which may be significantly larger than us and more established in these product categories, and competition is intense, as described within other risk factors herein. there can be no assurance that our targeted expansion in these product categories will be successful.
the success of our business depends on our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and provide a seamless shopping experience to our customers.
the industries in which we operate have historically been subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences. our success depends in large part on our ability to originate and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner. our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers worldwide across various price points whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change, influenced by fashion trends, economic conditions, and weather conditions, among other factors. this issue is further compounded by the increasing use of digital and social media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are shared across the globe. we cannot assure that we will be able to continue to develop appealing styles or successfully meet constantly changing consumer preferences in the future. in addition, we cannot assure that any new products or brands that we introduce will be successfully received by consumers. any failure on our part to anticipate, identify, and respond effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends could adversely affect consumer acceptance of our products and leave us with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities. conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business. for a discussion of risks related to our inventory management, see "risks related to our strategic initiatives and restructuring activities - our profitability may decline if we are unable to effectively manage inventory or as a result of increasing pressure on margins."
our marketing and advertising programs are integral to the success of our product offerings and on our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers. our communication campaigns are increasingly being executed through digital and social media platforms to drive further engagement with the younger consumer, with a focus on influencers. however, we cannot assure that our marketing and advertising programs will be successful or appeal to consumers. ineffective marketing and advertising programs could impede our ability to maintain brand relevance, attract new customers, or retain existing customers.
the success of our business also depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain a reliable omni-channel experience for our customers, as well as our ability to introduce new connected retail capabilities, such as virtual selling appointments, endless aisle, buy online-ship from store, buy online-pick up in store, and mobile checkout and contactless payments, among other capabilities. our business has evolved from an in-store experience to a shopping experience through multiple technologies, including computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, as our customers have become increasingly technologically savvy and expect a seamless omni-channel experience regardless of whether they are shopping in stores or online. we are increasingly using digital and social media platforms to interact with customers and enhance their shopping experience. if we are unable to develop and continuously improve our customer-facing technologies, the efforts of which typically require significant capital investments, we may not be able to provide a convenient and consistent experience to our customers regardless of the sales channel. this could negatively affect our ability to compete with other retailers and result in diminished loyalty to our brands, which could adversely impact our business. for discussion of additional risks related to our use of information technology, see "risks related to information systems and data security."
our retail stores are generally located in shopping malls or other shopping centers. our sales at such stores, as well as our flagship locations, are largely dependent upon the volume of retail traffic in those shopping centers and the surrounding area. retail traffic to our stores has been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by disruptions caused by adverse economic conditions, pandemic diseases, natural or man-made disasters, severe weather conditions, declines in tourism, the increasing shift towards digital commerce channels, and other various factors beyond our control. any significant declines in retail traffic in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have also implemented, and expect to continue to implement, new store design concepts and other renovations to our existing store portfolio as part of our growth strategy. there can be no assurance that any of our store designs will resonate with customers or otherwise achieve the desired sales and profitability measures necessary to recover our initial capital investments, and such risks may be further compounded during periods of adverse economic conditions. if customers are not receptive to the design layout or visual merchandising of our stores, our business could be adversely affected. in addition, the failure of our store designs to achieve acceptable results could lead to asset impairment charges and/or our decision to close a store prior to the lease expiration date resulting in other store closure-related charges, including early lease termination fees. for additional discussion of risks related to the early termination of our leases, see "risks related to our business and operations - our business is subject to risks associated with leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases."
our profitability may decline if we are unable to effectively manage inventory or as a result of increasing pressure on margins.
the nature of the apparel retail industry requires us to carry a significant amount of inventory, especially prior to the peak holiday selling season when we build up our inventory levels in order to meet anticipated consumer demand. although we have shortened lead times for the design, sourcing, and production of certain of our product lines, we expect to continue to place orders with our vendors for the majority of products in advance of the related selling season. as a result, we are vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences and demand and pricing shifts. our failure to continue to shorten lead times or to correctly anticipate consumer preferences and demand could result in the build-up of excess inventory. other factors beyond our control could also result in the build-up of excess inventory, including unforeseen adverse economic conditions or business disruptions, such as those caused by pandemic diseases. excess inventory levels could result in the utilization of less-preferred distribution channels, markdowns, promotional sales, donations, or destruction to dispose of such excess or slow-moving inventory, which may negatively impact our overall profitability and/or impair the image of our brands. conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty, and result in lost sales. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business.
additionally, our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including persisting inflationary pressures, intense competition and a highly promotional retail environment, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products, excess inventory levels in the marketplace, and changes in consumer spending patterns. although we continue to limit our promotional activity in connection with our quality of sales initiatives, these factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to retailers and consumers, which could cause our gross margin to decline. if our sales prices decline and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our profitability will decline. in addition, changes in our customer, channel, and geographic sales mix could have a negative impact on our profitability. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring plans.
we have implemented restructuring plans to support key strategic initiatives. although designed to deliver long-term sustainable growth, restructuring plans present significant potential risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including (i) higher than anticipated costs in implementing planned workforce reductions, particularly in highly regulated locations outside the u.s.; (ii) higher than anticipated lease termination and store or facility closure costs (see "risks related to our business and operations - our business is subject to risks associated with leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases"); (iii) failure to meet operational targets or customer requirements due to the loss of employees or inadequate transfer of knowledge; (iv) failure to maintain adequate controls and procedures while executing, and subsequent to completing, our restructuring plans; (v) diversion of management attention and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee morale; (vii) attrition beyond any planned reduction in workforce; and (viii) damage to our reputation and brand image due to our restructuring-related activities.
if we are not successful in implementing and managing our restructuring plans, we may not be able to achieve targeted operating enhancements, sales growth, and/or cost reductions, which could adversely impact our business. our failure to achieve targeted results for any reason, including business disruptions resulting from adverse economic conditions or catastrophic events such as pandemic diseases, could also lead to the implementation of additional restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term.
risks related to our business and operations the loss of the services of mr. ralph lauren or any other changes to our executive and senior management team may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business.
mr. ralph lauren's leadership in the design and marketing areas of our business has been a critical element of our success since the inception of our company. mr. r. lauren is instrumental to, and closely identified with, our brand that bears his name. our ability to maintain our brand image and leverage the goodwill associated with mr. r. lauren's name may be damaged if we were to lose his services. the death or disability of mr. r. lauren or other extended or permanent loss of his services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to him or arising from his loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we also depend on the service and management experience of other key executive officers and members of senior management who have substantial experience and expertise in our industry and our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. any changes in our executive and senior management team, including those resulting from our restructuring actions, may be disruptive to, or cause uncertainty in, our business and future strategic direction. the departure of any key individual and the failure to ensure a smooth transition and effective transfer of knowledge involving senior employees could hinder or delay our strategic planning and execution, as well as adversely affect our ability to attract and retain other experienced and talented employees. the success of our business also depends on our ability to attract and retain an adequate number of qualified employees to operate our retail stores and distribution centers and to perform various corporate functions.
competition in our industry to attract and retain employees is intense and is influenced by our reputation, our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, and economic conditions, among other factors. furthermore, the retail industry (among others) has experienced, and could again experience in the future, overall labor shortages resulting from a combination of pandemic diseases, labor disputes, strikes, and other factors. the introduction of new work arrangements and company-specific requirements regarding when and how often employees are required to work on-site versus remotely may also impact companies' ability to attract and retain employees. as companies increasingly allow employees to work remotely, traditional geographic competition for talent may change in ways that we cannot predict. the departure of key individuals or our failure to maintain sufficient employee staffing levels could have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as impede our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002.
we face intense competition worldwide in the markets in which we operate.
we face increasing competition from companies selling apparel, footwear, accessories, home, and other of our product categories through the internet. although we sell our products through the internet, increased competition and promotional activity in the worldwide apparel, footwear, accessory, and home product industries from internet-based competitors could reduce our sales, prices, and margins. we also face intense competition from other domestic and foreign fashion-oriented apparel, footwear, and accessory companies that sell products through brick and mortar stores and wholesale and licensing channels. we compete with these companies primarily on the basis of: (i) anticipating and responding in a timely fashion to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the ever-increasing shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and cross-channel shopping; (ii) creating and maintaining favorable brand recognition, loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; (iii) developing and producing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to consumers of varying demographics, including age; (iv) competitively pricing our products and creating a compelling value proposition for consumers, including price increases to mitigate inflationary pressures while simultaneously balancing the risk of lower consumer demand in response to any such price increases; (v) providing strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; (vi) establishing relationships with athletes, musicians, influencers, and other celebrities to promote our brands and products; (vii) providing attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce sites; (viii) adapting to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; (ix) obtaining sufficient retail floor space and effective presentation of our products at stores and shop-within-shops; (x) attracting consumer traffic to stores, shop-within-shops, and digital commerce sites; (xi) sourcing sustainable and traceable raw materials at cost-effective prices; (xii) anticipating and maintaining proper inventory levels; (xiii) ensuring product availability and optimizing supply chain and distribution efficiencies with third-party manufacturers and retailers; (xiv) maintaining and growing market share; (xv) recruiting and retaining employees to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; (xvi) protecting our intellectual property; and (xvii) ability to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions.
some of our competitors may be significantly larger and more diversified and may have greater financial, marketing, and distribution resources, more desirable store locations, and/or greater digital commerce presence than us, among other competitive advantages. such competitive advantages may enable them to better withstand unfavorable economic conditions, compete more effectively on the basis of price and production, and/or more quickly respond to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences than us. in addition, technological advances and the retail industry's low barriers to entry allow for the introduction of new competitors and products at a rapid pace, which has been further compounded by the increasing shift to digital shopping channels. any increased competition, or our failure to adequately address any of these competitive factors, could result in reduced market share or sales, which could adversely affect our business.
the success of our business depends on our ability to retain the value and reputation of our brands.
our success depends on the value and reputation of our brands and our ability to consistently anticipate, identify, and respond to customers' demands, preferences, and fashion trends in the design, pricing, and production of our products, including the preference for certain products to be manufactured in the u.s., and deliver high-quality and sustainable products supported by engaging marketing campaigns. any negative publicity regarding mr. r. lauren, or other members of our executive and senior management team, or our company as a whole, especially through social media which accelerates and increases the potential scope of negative publicity, could adversely impact the image of our brands with our customers and result in diminished loyalty to our brands and potentially lead to adverse consumer actions, including boycotts, even if the subject of such publicity is unverified or inaccurate and we seek to correct it. consumer sentiment can also be influenced by our partnership with athletes and other public figures, our relationships with wholesale customers, licensees, and suppliers, our views on political and social issues, or our long-term initiatives and goals regarding our impact on the environment and society as a whole, among other factors. even if we react appropriately to negative publicity, our customers' perception of our brand image and our reputation could be negatively impacted. any failure on our part to retain the value and reputation of brands could adversely impact our business.
our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected outside the u.s.
our trademarks, intellectual property, and other proprietary rights are extremely important to our success and our competitive position. we devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and anti-counterfeiting activities worldwide. however, significant counterfeiting and imitation of our products continue to exist. in addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect trademarks or other proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the u.s. and, as a result, our intellectual property may be more vulnerable and difficult to protect in such countries. over the course of our international expansion, we have experienced conflicts with various third parties that have acquired or claimed ownership rights to some of our key trademarks that include polo and/or a representation of a polo player astride a horse, or otherwise have contested our rights to our trademarks. we have resolved certain of these conflicts through both legal action and negotiated settlements. we cannot guarantee that the actions we have taken to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent counterfeiting, lost business, or brand dilution, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business. we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to challenge brands imitating our products. also, there can be no assurance that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction or at all. see item 1 - "business - trademarks," and item 3 - "legal proceedings."
our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications.
we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of our products. our products are manufactured to our specifications through arrangements with over 300 foreign manufacturers in various countries. in fiscal 2024, approximately 96% of our products (by dollar value) were produced outside of the u.s., primarily in asia, europe, and latin america, with approximately 19% of our products sourced from vietnam and 15% from china. risks inherent in importing our products include (i) adverse changes in local economic conditions, such as prolonged periods of recession, high inflation, or other factors described herein; (ii) changes in social or political conditions, including those resulting from military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities, that could result in the disruption of trade from the countries in which our manufacturers or suppliers are located; (iii) pandemic diseases, which could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, port congestion, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas; (iv) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including the imposition of any sanctions, restrictions, and other responses, such as those issued by the u.s. and other countries against russia in response to russia's war with ukraine; (v) the imposition of additional regulations, quotas, trade sanctions, or safeguards relating to imports or exports, and costs of complying with such regulations and other laws relating to the identification and reporting of the sources of raw materials used in our products, which could lead to the detention, exclusion, or seizure of goods and imposition of monetary penalties and fines; (vi) the imposition of additional duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges on imports or exports; (vii) unfavorable changes in the availability, cost, or quality of raw materials and commodities; (viii) labor shortages within our supply chain resulting from labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise; (ix) increases in the cost of labor or transportation; (x) disruptions of shipping and international trade caused by natural and man-made disasters, severe weather (such as recent droughts impacting the passage way through the panama canal), military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities (such as recent militant attacks on cargo vessels in the red sea), or other unforeseen events, including any resulting impact to shipping prices; (xi) heightened terrorism-related cargo and supply chain security concerns, which could subject imported or exported goods to additional, more frequent, or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in the delivery of cargo; and (xii) decreased scrutiny by customs officials for counterfeit goods, leading to lost sales, increased costs for our anti-counterfeiting measures, and damage to the reputation of our brands.
the entire apparel industry, including our company, has faced, and could continue to face, supply chain challenges as a result of inflationary pressures, political instability, severe weather, military conflicts and other hostilities, pandemic diseases, and other factors, including reduced freight availability, port congestion, labor shortages, and rising wages and energy costs, among other factors. the inability of a manufacturer to ship orders of our products in a timely manner or to meet our strict quality standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items, which could result in cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries, or a substantial reduction in purchase prices. we have also incurred, and may continue to incur, higher freight and other logistic costs as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors. in addition, the cost and availability of raw materials used to manufacture our products are subject to significant fluctuation as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors (including persisting inflationary pressures), as well as crop yields which could be negatively impacted by severe weather conditions. we may not be able to implement price increases that fully offset increases in raw materials, freight, or other sourcing costs and/or any such price increases could have an adverse impact on consumer demand for our products. any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. for a discussion of risks related to the potential imposition of additional regulations and laws, see "risks related to regulatory, legal, and tax matters - our ability to conduct business globally may be affected by a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks."
our business could suffer if we need to replace manufacturers or distribution centers.
we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend exclusively on independent third parties for the manufacture of our products, the majority of which are located in foreign countries. accordingly, the success of our business depends on our ability to identify reputable manufacturers who can fulfill our orders timely and to our specifications, as well as the timely importation, customs clearance, and shipment of products to and from our various distribution centers.
we compete with other companies for the production capacity of our manufacturers. some of these competitors may place larger orders than we do, and thus may have an advantage in securing production capacity. if we experience a significant increase in demand, or if an existing manufacturer of ours must be replaced, we may have to expand our third-party manufacturing capacity. we cannot guarantee that this additional capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us. see item 1 - "business - sourcing, production and quality." we enter into purchase order commitments each season specifying a time for delivery, method of payment, design and quality specifications, and other standard industry provisions, but do not have long-term contracts with any manufacturer. none of the manufacturers we use produce our products exclusively.
in addition, we rely on a number of owned, leased, and independently-operated distribution facilities around the world to warehouse and ship products to our customers and perform other related logistic services. our ability to meet the needs of our customers depends on the proper operation of these distribution centers. our distributions centers generally utilize computer-controlled and automated equipment, which are subject to various risks, including software viruses, security breaches, power interruptions, or other system failures. if any of our distribution centers were to close or become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, severe weather, labor shortages, fires, and system failures, pandemic diseases, or if we fail to successfully consolidate existing facilities or transition to new facilities, we could experience a substantial loss of inventory, disruption of deliveries to our customers and our stores, increased costs, and longer lead times associated with the distribution of products during the period that would be required to reopen or replace the facility. any such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we also rely upon third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our product shipments, including shipments to and from our distribution centers, to our stores and shop-within-shops, and to our digital commerce and wholesale customers. our utilization of these shipping services is subject to various risks, including, but not limited to, potential labor shortages (stemming from labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise), severe weather, and pandemic diseases, which could delay the timing of shipments, and increases in wages and fuel prices, which could result in higher transportation costs. the rapid increase of online shopping driven by changes in consumer shopping preferences has amplified certain of these risks resulting in capacity constraints. we have incurred, and may continue to incur, higher freight and other logistic costs as a result of certain of the beforementioned factors. any delays in the timing of our product shipments or increases in transportation costs could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business is subject to risks associated with leasing real estate and other assets under long-term, non-cancellable leases.
we generally operate most of our stores and corporate facilities under long-term, non-cancellable leasing arrangements. our retail store leases typically require us to make minimum rental payments, and often contingent rental payments based upon sales. in addition, our leases generally require us to pay our proportionate share of the cost of insurance, taxes, maintenance, and utilities. we generally cannot cancel our leases at our option. if we decide to close a store, or if we decide to downsize, consolidate, or relocate any of our corporate facilities, we may incur an impairment charge and/or exit costs associated with the disposal of the store or corporate facility. in addition, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for, among other things, payment of the base rent for the remaining lease term, even after the space is exited or otherwise closed and even if such closures are beyond our control (such as forced store closures resulting from pandemic diseases). such costs and obligations related to the early or temporary closure of our stores or termination of our leases could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, certain of our leases include renewal options or terms that require rental payments to be adjusted to reflect current fair market rental rates, which could be significantly higher than the prior term's rental payments. further, as each of our leases naturally expires, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could lead to store closures resulting in lost sales.
a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a limited number of large wholesale customers. our business could be adversely affected as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, other ownership changes in the retail industry, and/or any financial instability of our large wholesale customers.
several of our department store customers, including some under common ownership, account for a significant portion of our wholesale net sales. a substantial portion of sales of our licensed products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest department store customers. sales to our three largest wholesale customers accounted for approximately 13% of total net revenues for fiscal 2024, and these customers accounted for approximately 29% of our total gross trade accounts receivable outstanding as of march 30, 2024. substantially all sales to our three largest wholesale customers related to our north america segment.
while we have long-standing relationships with the majority of our wholesale customers, we typically do not enter into long-term agreements with them. instead, we enter into a number of purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our product lines every season. a decision by the controlling owner of a group of stores or any other significant customer, whether motivated by economic conditions, financial difficulties, competitive conditions, or otherwise, to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or our licensing partners or to change their manner of doing business with us or our licensing partners or a change based on their new strategic and operational initiatives, including their continued focus on further development of "private labels" and exclusive product offerings in an effort to differentiate themselves from competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the department store sector has experienced numerous consolidations, restructurings, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and other ownership changes in recent times, which could potentially increase in frequency as a result of current adverse economic conditions, including persisting inflationary pressures and high interest rates, and/or changes in consumer shopping preferences, such as the continued shift away from traditional brick and mortar wholesale retailers to larger online retailers. such disruptions have typically resulted in store closures (such as macy's recently announced plan to close 150 stores over the next three years), centralized purchasing decisions, and increased emphasis on inventory management and productivity, which could result in fewer stores carrying our products or reduced demand of our products by our wholesale customers. there can be no assurance that our wholesale customers have adequate financial resources and/or access to additional capital to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions. the loss of one or more significant wholesale customers, or the loss of a large number of smaller wholesale customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. furthermore, the consolidation or other changes with respect to our wholesale customers could decrease our opportunities in the market, increase our reliance on a smaller number of large wholesale customers, and/or decrease our negotiating strength with our wholesale customers.
certain of our large wholesale customers, particularly those located in the u.s., have been highly promotional and have aggressively marked down their merchandise, including our products. the continuation of such promotional activity could negatively impact our brand image and/or lead to requests from those customers for increased end-of-season markdown allowances. in response and in connection with our growth plan, we strategically reduce shipments to certain of our customers and exit less productive doors when deemed appropriate.
we sell our wholesale merchandise primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners across north america, europe, asia, australia, and new zealand, and extend credit based on an evaluation of each wholesale customer's financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. however, the financial difficulties of a wholesale customer could cause us to limit or eliminate our business with that customer. we may also assume more credit risk relating to that customer's receivables. our inability to collect on our trade accounts receivable from any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. see item 1 - "business - wholesale credit control."
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could restrict our ability to engage in additional capital-related transactions in the future.
as of march 30, 2024, our consolidated indebtedness was approximately $1.1 billion, comprised of our outstanding unsecured senior notes. we also maintain several credit and overdraft facilities, including our global credit facility, which collectively had a remaining availability of approximately $807 million as of march 30, 2024. accordingly, the amount of our indebtedness could further increase materially if we decide to draw upon our credit or overdraft facilities. this substantial level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences to our business, including (i) making it more difficult to satisfy our debt obligations as they become due; (ii) impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future; (iii) requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to be used for the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash available to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes; (iv) limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; and (v) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions.
we rely on our operating cash flows to repay our outstanding borrowings, as well as to fund any working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases, and other general corporate purposes. prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions in any of our key regions, or a combination thereof, could impede our ability to pay our obligations as they become due or return value to our shareholders, as well as delay previously planned expenditures related to our operations. credit rating agencies also periodically review our capital structure and our ability to generate earnings. a prolonged period of deteriorated financial performance or our inability to comply with debt covenants (as discussed below) could make future financing more difficult to secure and/or expensive. further, factors beyond our control, such as adverse economic conditions, could disrupt capital markets and limit the availability or willingness of financial institutions to extend capital to us in the future.
certain of our debt instruments contain a number of affirmative and negative covenants, including maintaining a leverage ratio at or below a specified level. our failure to comply with such covenants or otherwise secure temporary waivers of non-compliance, could result in the termination of the related facilities and/or our lenders demanding any amounts outstanding to be immediately repaid, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. further, even if we are able to obtain waivers of non-compliance, such waivers may result in incremental fees, higher interest rates, and/or additional restrictions and covenants.
additionally, the federal reserve has raised interest rates multiple times in an effort to mitigate current inflationary pressures and further increases could potentially occur in the future. although many economists predict that the federal reserve will reduce interest rates over the next 12 months, it is unclear when and to what extent any such reductions may occur, if at all. higher interest rates may increase the cost of any borrowings under our various credit and overdraft facilities, as well as negatively impact consumer sentiment and the global economy as a whole, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business.
we rely on our licensing partners to preserve the value of our licenses. failure to maintain licensing partners could harm our business.
the risks associated with our own products also apply to our licensed products in addition to any number of possible risks specific to a licensing partner's business, including risks associated with a particular licensing partner's ability to (i) obtain capital; (ii) execute its business plans; (iii) manage its labor relations; (iv) maintain relationships with its suppliers and customers; (v) generate sufficient cash flows to fund its operations and pay its obligations as they become due, including minimum royalties due to us; (vi) withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions; (vii) manage its credit and bankruptcy risks effectively; and (viii) protect the value and reputation of our brands.
although a number of our license agreements prohibit our licensing partners from entering into licensing arrangements with our competitors, our licensing partners generally are not precluded from offering, under other non-competitor brands, the types of products covered by their license agreements with us. a substantial portion of sales of our products by our domestic licensing partners are also made to our largest customers. while we have significant control over our licensing partners' products and advertising, we rely on our licensing partners for, among other things, operational and financial control over their businesses. changes in management, reduced sales of licensed products, poor execution, or financial difficulties with respect to any of our licensing partners could adversely affect our revenues, both directly from reduced licensing revenue received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. although we believe that we could replace our existing licensing partners in most circumstances, if necessary, our inability to do so for any period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business. see item 1 - "business - our licensing business."
our business could be adversely affected by man-made or natural disasters and other catastrophic events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate.
our operations, including retail, distribution, warehousing, and corporate operations, are susceptible to man-made or natural disasters, including severe weather, geological events, pandemic diseases, and other catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks and military conflicts, any of which could disrupt our operations. in addition, the operations of our customers and suppliers could experience similar disruptions. the occurrence of natural disasters or other catastrophic events may result in sudden disruptions in the business operations of the local and regional economies affected, as well as the global economy as a whole, including, but not limited to, shortages and/or rising costs of raw materials or energy, public health issues, system failures, and reduced retail traffic. the occurrence of such events could also adversely affect financial markets and the availability of capital. in addition, our business can be affected by unseasonable weather conditions, such as extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures in the winter or unseasonably cold temperatures in the summer. there is growing concern that climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters. any of these events could result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our sales channels and manufacturing and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks related to information systems and data security a data security or privacy breach could damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers or employees, expose us to litigation risk, and adversely affect our business.
we are dependent on information technology systems and networks, including the internet, for a significant portion of our direct-to-consumer sales, including our digital commerce operations and retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing (among other electronic payment methods that we accept). we are also responsible for storing data relating to our customers and employees and rely on third parties for the operation of our digital commerce sites and for the various social media tools and websites we use as part of our marketing strategy. in our normal course of business, we often collect, transmit, and/or retain certain sensitive and confidential customer information, including credit card information. there is significant concern by consumers, employees, and lawmakers alike over the security of personal information transmitted over the internet, consumer identity theft, and user privacy.
cyber-criminals are constantly devising new, sophisticated schemes to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and confidential or sensitive data, including through the use of artificial intelligence. despite the security measures we currently have in place (including those described in item 1c - "cybersecurity"), our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted or random attacks that could lead to security breaches, acts of vandalism, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other internet or email events. further, our employees may intentionally or inadvertently cause data security breaches that result in the unauthorized access or release of our private and sensitive information. the extensive use of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices, as well as our hybrid work policy, under which a substantial portion of our corporate employees work remotely for part of the work week, heighten these and other operational risks. given the sensitive nature of information collected and processed, the retail industry in particular continues to be the target of many cyber-attacks, which are becoming increasingly more frequent and difficult to anticipate, prevent, and timely detect due to their rapidly evolving nature. furthermore, economic sanctions issued by one country against another, such as those issued by the u.s. and other countries against russia in response to its war with ukraine, could increase the risk of retaliatory state-sponsored cyber-attacks. given the rapidly evolving nature, sophistication, and complexity of cyber-attacks, despite our reasonable efforts to mitigate and prevent such attacks, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, timely detect, or implement effective preventive measures to protect against all cyber-attack incidents.
although we have purchased network security and cyber liability insurance to provide a level of financial protection should a data breach occur, such insurance may not cover us against all claims or costs associated with such a breach, and we cannot be certain that such insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. additionally, the technology we use to protect our systems from being breached or compromised could become outdated as a result of advances in computer capabilities or other technological developments, thereby requiring us to make further investments in capital or other resources to protect us against cyber-attacks, the cost of which could be significant. further, measures we implement to protect our computer systems against cyber-attacks may make them harder to use or reduce the speed at which they operate, which in turn could negatively impact our customers' shopping experience resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands, and lost sales.
if unauthorized parties gain access to our networks or databases, or those of our vendors, they may be able to steal, publish, delete, modify, or block our access to our private and sensitive internal and third-party information. any perceived or actual electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information, including penetration of our network security, whether by us or by a third party, could disrupt our business, result in negative media attention, severely damage our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees, or vendors, expose us to risks of litigation, significant fines and penalties, liability, and higher costs for insurance or insurance not being available to us on economically feasible terms or at all, and result in deterioration in our customers', employees', or vendors' confidence in us, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. since we do not control third-party service providers and cannot guarantee that no electronic or physical computer break-ins and security breaches will occur in the future, any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information regarding our employees, customers, or website visitors could harm our reputation and credibility, result in lost sales, impair our ability to attract website visitors, and/or reduce our ability to attract and retain employees and customers. as these threats develop and grow, we may find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and our infrastructure, including the implementation of new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems, deployment of additional personnel and protection-related technologies, engagement of third-party consultants, and training of employees.
in addition, the regulatory environment relating to information security and privacy is becoming increasingly more demanding with frequent new requirements surrounding the handling, protection, and use of personal and sensitive information. we may incur significant costs in complying with the various applicable state, federal, and foreign laws regarding protection of, and unauthorized disclosure of, personal information. additionally, failing to comply with such laws and regulations could damage the reputation of our brands and lead to adverse consumer actions, as well as expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business.
our business could suffer if our computer systems and websites are disrupted or cease to operate effectively.
we are dependent on our computer systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate our business, including designing, marketing, manufacturing, importing, tracking, and distributing our products, processing payments, accounting for and reporting financial results, and managing our employees and employee benefit programs. in addition, we have digital commerce and other informational websites in north america, europe, and asia, including australia and new zealand, and have plans for additional digital commerce sites in the future. further, we utilize technology in the execution of our digital brand engagement and social media communication initiatives. we have also implemented a hybrid work policy, allowing a substantial portion of our corporate employees to work remotely for part of the work week. given the complexity of our business and the significant number of transactions that we engage in on a daily basis, it is imperative that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer hardware and software systems.
despite our preventative efforts, our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things, security breaches, computer viruses, technical malfunctions, inadequate system capacity, power outages, natural disasters, and usage errors by our employees or third-party consultants. if our information technology systems become damaged or otherwise cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to repair or replace them. additionally, confidential or sensitive data related to our customers, employees, or vendors could be lost or compromised.
we are continually improving and upgrading our computer systems, software, and related processes. as described in item 1 - "business - recent developments," we are in the early stages of executing a large-scale multi-year transformational project, which entails upgrading and enhancing our technology infrastructure to better enable us to implement process changes to improve productivity and operational efficiencies on a global scale (the "next generation transformation project" or "ngt project"). a system project of this scope requires a significant investment in human and financial resources and involves many risks and uncertainties, including failure to operate as designed, failure to properly integrate with other systems, potential loss of data or information, cost overruns, and implementation delays. any disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the design, implementation, or transition of such systems could also result in disruptions to our business operations, including the sourcing, sale, and shipment of our product, delays in the collection of cash from our customers, diversion of management attention, and/or adversely affect our ability to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner or otherwise maintain compliance with internal controls. there is also no guarantee that we will realize the anticipated global synergies and benefits related to this project. any material disruptions in our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks related to citizenship and sustainability issues our business could suffer if we fail to meet our global citizenship and sustainability goals or if such goals do not meet the expectations of our stakeholders there is an increased focus from consumers, employees, investors, advocacy groups, and other stakeholders concerning citizenship and sustainability matters, including climate change. furthermore, investors have placed increased importance on the social cost of their investments. although we have established certain long-term initiatives and goals regarding our impact on the environment and society as a whole as part of our global citizenship & sustainability program, there can be no assurance that our various stakeholders will agree with our initiatives or if we will be successful in achieving our goals by our targeted dates or at all. further, we could incur additional costs, face market and technological barriers, and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various citizenship and sustainability practices. our failure, or perceived failure, to achieve our sustainability goals could damage the reputation of our brands and lead to adverse consumer actions and/or investment decisions by investors, as well as our ability to attract and retain employees.
climate change, or our ability to adhere to any legislation and regulatory requirements related to climate change, traceability and transparency, product labeling, or other sustainability matters may adversely affect our business.
our business is susceptible to risks associated with climate change, including potential disruptions to our retail stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities or those facilities of our wholesale customers, licensees, logistics partners, and suppliers. increased frequency and/or severity of extreme weather events due to climate change could adversely impact global supply chains, including the availability, quality, and cost of raw materials (such as cotton, a key raw material used in the production of our products that is highly susceptible to severe weather conditions), the ability of our manufacturers to fulfill our orders timely and to our specifications, and shipping disruptions and/or higher freight costs. an increase in extreme weather conditions could also result in more frequent damage and/or closures of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, adversely impact retail traffic, consumer's disposable income levels or spending habits on discretionary items, or otherwise disrupt business operations in the communities in which we operate, any of which could result in lost sales or higher costs.
in addition, many countries in which we and our suppliers and wholesale customers operate have begun enacting new legislation and regulations intended to reduce or mitigate the potential impacts of climate change, which could result in higher sourcing, operational, and compliance-related costs. such proposed measures also include expanded disclosure requirements regarding greenhouse gas emissions, climate change risks, and other climate-related information, including independent auditors providing increasing levels of attestation to the accuracy of such disclosures. there has also been increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, consumers, customers, and other stakeholders on products that are made with more sustainable practices and materials and other sustainability matters, including traceability and transparency, sustainability claims and product labeling requirements, responsible sourcing and deforestation, design for circularity, the use of energy, water, and synthetic fibers, and the recyclability or recoverability of packaging, product, and materials. it is becoming increasingly complex to monitor, assess, and ultimately comply with such new laws and regulations due to the rapid speed at which such legislation is evolving, coupled with inconsistencies or contradictions between jurisdictions. our ability to comply with any such new laws and regulations or otherwise meet our various stakeholders' expectations may lead to increased costs and operational complexity. any failure on our part to comply with such regulations or meet such expectations could lead to adverse investment decisions by investors, lost sales resulting from our inability to sell our products in applicable jurisdictions and/or adverse consumer purchase decisions, as well as expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation.
risks related to regulatory, legal, and tax matters our ability to conduct business globally may be affected by a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks.
our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain our current level of operations in our existing markets is subject to certain risks associated with operating in various locations around the globe. these include, but are not limited to (i) complying with a variety of u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, trade, product labeling, and product safety restrictions, as well as forced labor regulations such as the uyghur forced labor prevention act ("uflpa") and the countering america's adversaries through sanctions act ("caatsa"), both of which prohibit the importation of goods made in whole or in part in certain territories, or by certain identified entities, and grants u.s. customs & border protection the authority to detain, exclude, or seize goods and assess monetary penalties and fines, the foreign corrupt practices act, which prohibits u.s. companies from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and similar foreign country laws, such as the u.k. bribery act, which prohibits u.k. and related companies from any form of bribery; (ii) adapting to local customs and culture; (iii) unexpected changes in laws, judicial processes, or regulatory requirements; (iv) the imposition of additional duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges or other barriers to trade; (v) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships; (vi) civil and political instability, military conflicts, terrorist attacks, and other hostilities; (vii) pandemic diseases; and (viii) general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets.
the future geopolitical landscape remains particularly uncertain, with over 60 countries scheduled to hold national elections during 2024, including the u.s. presidential election in november. any resulting changes in international trade relations, legislation and regulations (including those related to taxation and importation), or economic and monetary policies, or heightened diplomatic tensions or political and civil unrest, among other potential impacts, could have material adverse effect on the global economy as a whole and/or our business, or may require us to exit a particular market or significantly modify our current business practices.
further, diplomatic and trade tensions between the u.s. and china remain high, with previously issued tariffs related to the importation of certain product categories, including imports of apparel into the u.s. from china remaining in effect. as a result of actions to mitigate our exposure to the resulting tariffs, which have included diverting production to and sourcing from other countries, driving productivity within our existing supplier base, and taking pricing actions, the tariffs enacted to date have not had a material adverse impact on our business operations. however, if the u.s. decides to impose additional tariffs on apparel or other of our goods imported from china, there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset all related increased costs, which could be material to our business operations as approximately 15% of our products are currently sourced from china. we cannot predict if, and to what extent, other countries in which our products are currently manufactured or will be manufactured in the future, will be subject to additional tariffs, new trade restrictions, or other changes to existing international trade agreements, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. for a discussion of risks associated with the importation of products, see "risks related to our business and operations - our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications."
fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our operating results.
we are subject to income and non-income taxes in many u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions, with the applicable tax rates varying by jurisdiction. we record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which include reserves for uncertain tax positions in multiple tax jurisdictions. at any given time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. the results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. as a result, we expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as events occur and exposures are evaluated. our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may also be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction or by changes to existing accounting rules. additionally, our products are subject to import and excise duties, and/or sales, consumption, value-added taxes ("vat"), and other non-income taxes in certain international jurisdictions. failure to correctly calculate or submit the appropriate amount of income or non-income taxes could subject us to substantial fines and penalties and adversely affect our business.
in addition, the tax laws and regulations in the countries where we operate may change, or there may be changes in interpretation and enforcement of existing tax laws, which could materially affect our income tax expense in our consolidated financial statements. for example, in august 2022, president biden signed the inflation reduction act ("ira") into law. the ira enacted a 15% corporate minimum tax rate (subject to certain thresholds being met) that became effective for us beginning in our fiscal 2024, a 1% excise tax on share repurchases made after december 31, 2022 (which may be reduced for the fair value of certain share issuances), and created and extended certain tax-related energy incentives. additionally, the organisation for economic co-operation and development (the "oecd"), which represents a coalition of member countries, has proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the creation of a global minimum tax commonly referred to as "pillar two." in december 2022, the european union member states agreed to implement the oecd's pillar two global minimum tax rate of 15%, with certain aspects of the directive becoming effective in january 2024 and the remaining aspects becoming effective in january 2025. a number of other countries, including switzerland and the united kingdom, have also enacted similar legislation implementing pillar two rules (in whole or in part), and additional countries are expected to implement related legislation in the near future. we cannot be certain if or when other countries will enact new legislation or how closely any such new legislation will align with the oecd's pillar two framework. the company is currently evaluating the potential impact of such newly enacted and proposed legislation on its future consolidated financial statements. additionally, other taxing authorities of certain state, local, and other foreign jurisdictions may also decide to modify existing tax laws. we cannot predict which, if any, of these items or others will be enacted into law or the resulting impact any such enactment will have on our business operations, which could be material.
our business could suffer if we fail to comply with labor laws or if one of our manufacturers fails to use acceptable labor or environmental practices.
we are subject to labor laws governing relationships with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, and citizenship requirements. compliance with these laws may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation.
in addition, we require our licensing partners and independent manufacturers to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. we also require our manufacturers to make progress toward our citizenship and sustainability goals, including those related to the environment and employee safety and well-being, among others. while our internal and vendor operating guidelines promote ethical business practices and our employees periodically visit and monitor the operations of our independent manufacturers, we do not control these manufacturers or their labor practices. the violation of any ethical, social, product safety, labor, health, environmental, privacy, or other standards and regulations by an independent manufacturer used by us or one of our licensing partners, could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us, subject us to litigation, and/or damage our reputation. any of these events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
certain legal proceedings, regulatory matters, and accounting changes could adversely affect our business.
we are involved in certain legal proceedings and regulatory matters and are subject from time to time to various claims involving alleged breach of contract claims, intellectual property and other related claims, escheatment and unclaimed property, credit card fraud, security breaches in certain of our retail store information systems, employment issues, consumer matters, lease disputes, and other litigation. certain of these lawsuits and claims, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, could result in material liability to our company or have a negative impact on our reputation or relations with our employees, customers, licensing partners, or other third parties. other potential claimants may also be encouraged to bring suits against us based on a settlement from us or adverse court decision against us for similar claims or allegations as their own. in addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require our company to devote substantial time and resources to defend itself. further, changes in governmental regulations both in the u.s. and in other countries where we conduct business operations could have an adverse impact on our business. see item 3 - "legal proceedings" for further discussion of our company's legal matters.
in addition, we are subject to changes in accounting rules and interpretations issued by the financial accounting standards board and other regulatory agencies. if and when effective, such changes to accounting standards could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of certain recently issued accounting standards.
risks related to our common stock the trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other financial performance, including our ability to return value to shareholders.
our business planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth, and profitability, and not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. we believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of our company and our stockholders. however, we also recognize that, from time to time, it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our quarterly and annual forecast of net sales and earnings. while we generally expect to provide updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter, we do not have any responsibility to update any of our guidance or other forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. in addition, any longer-term guidance that we provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable. however, such long-range targets are more difficult to predict than our current quarter and full fiscal year expectations. additionally, external analysts and investors may publish their own independent predictions of our future performance. we do not endorse such predictions or assume any responsibility to correct such predictions when they differ from our own expectations. if, or when, we announce actual results that differ from those that have been predicted by us, outside analysts, or others, the market price of our securities could be adversely affected. investors who rely on these predictions when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. we take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities.
the stock market in general has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of listed companies. accordingly, public perception and other factors outside of our control may impact our stock price, regardless of our actual operating performance.
in addition, we have historically returned value to shareholders through our payment of quarterly cash dividends and common stock share repurchases. investors may have an expectation that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends, further increase our cash dividend rate, and/or repurchase shares available under our class a common stock repurchase program. our ability to pay quarterly cash dividends and repurchase our class a common stock will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future. this ability may be subject to certain economic, financial, competitive, and other factors that are beyond our control, such as impacts related to pandemic diseases, which in the past had resulted in us temporarily suspending our quarterly cash dividend and share repurchases. although both of these programs are currently active (and were so throughout both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024), our board of directors may, at its discretion, elect to suspend or otherwise alter these programs at any time. the market price of our securities could be adversely affected if our cash dividend payments and/or class a common stock share repurchase activity differ from investors' expectations.
furthermore, stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, remains popular with many public investors. due to the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we may become the target of securities litigation or stockholder activism. responding to stockholder activist campaigns may result in increased costs and diversion of management's attention and resources.
the voting shares of our company's stock are concentrated in one majority stockholder.
as of march 30, 2024, mr. ralph lauren, or entities controlled by the lauren family, held approximately 84% of the voting power of the outstanding common stock of our company. in addition, mr. r. lauren serves as our executive chairman and chief creative officer, mr. r. lauren's son, mr. david lauren, serves as our chief branding and innovation officer, strategic advisor to the ceo, and vice chairman of the board of directors, and we employ other members of the lauren family. from time to time, we may have other business dealings with mr. r. lauren, members of the lauren family, or entities affiliated with mr. r. lauren or the lauren family. as a result of his stock ownership and position in our company, mr. r. lauren has the ability to exercise significant control over our business, including, without limitation, (i) the election of our class b common stock directors, voting separately as a class and (ii) any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and the approval of mergers or sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which are included in this annual report on form 10-k. we utilize a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the saturday closest to march 31. as such, fiscal 2024 ended on march 30, 2024 and was a 52-week period; fiscal 2023 ended on april 1, 2023 and was a 52-week period; fiscal 2022 ended on april 2, 2022 and was a 53-week period; and fiscal 2025 will end on march 29, 2025 and will be a 52-week period.
introduction md&a is provided as a supplement to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto to help provide an understanding of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. md&a is organized as follows:
overview.    this section provides a general description of our business, global economic conditions and industry trends, and a summary of our financial performance for fiscal 2024. in addition, this section includes a discussion of recent developments and transactions affecting comparability that we believe are important in understanding our results of operations and financial condition, and in anticipating future trends.
results of operations.    this section provides an analysis of our results of operations for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 as compared to the respective prior fiscal year.
financial condition and liquidity.    this section provides a discussion of our financial condition and liquidity as of march 30, 2024, which includes (i) an analysis of our financial condition as compared to the prior fiscal year-end; (ii) an analysis of changes in our cash flows for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 as compared to the respective prior fiscal year; (iii) an analysis of our liquidity, including the availability under our commercial paper borrowing program and credit facilities, our supplier finance program, outstanding debt and covenant compliance, common stock repurchases, and payments of dividends; and (iv) a summary of our material cash requirements as of march 30, 2024.
market risk management.    this section discusses how we manage our risk exposures related to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and our investments as of march 30, 2024.
critical accounting policies.    this section discusses our critical accounting policies considered to be important to our results of operations and financial condition, which typically require significant judgment and estimation on the part of management in their application. in addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting standards.    this section discusses the potential impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition of certain accounting standards that have been recently issued.
overview our business our company is a global leader in the design, marketing, and distribution of luxury lifestyle products, including apparel, footwear & accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality. our long-standing reputation and distinctive image have been developed across a wide range of products, brands, distribution channels, and international markets. our brand names include ralph lauren, ralph lauren collection, ralph lauren purple label, double rl, polo ralph lauren, lauren ralph lauren, polo ralph lauren children, and chaps, among others.
we diversify our business by geography (north america, europe, and asia, among other regions) and channel of distribution (retail, wholesale, and licensing). this allows us to maintain a dynamic balance as our operating results do not depend solely on the performance of any single geographic area or channel of distribution. we sell directly to consumers through our integrated retail channel, which includes our retail stores, concession-based shop-within-shops, and digital commerce operations around the world. our wholesale sales are made principally to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners around the world, as well as to certain third-party-owned stores to which we have licensed the right to operate in defined geographic territories using our trademarks. in addition, we license to third parties for specified periods the right to access our various trademarks in connection with the licensees' manufacture and sale of designated products, such as certain apparel, eyewear, fragrances, and home furnishings.
we organize our business into the following three reportable segments:
north america - our north america segment, representing approximately 44% of our fiscal 2024 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our ralph lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the u.s. and canada. in north america, our retail business is primarily comprised of our ralph lauren stores, our outlet stores, and our digital commerce sites, www.ralphlauren.com and www.ralphlauren.ca. our wholesale business in north america is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores.
europe - our europe segment, representing approximately 30% of our fiscal 2024 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our ralph lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in europe and emerging markets. in europe, our retail business is primarily comprised of our ralph lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. our wholesale business in europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital and licensee partners.
asia - our asia segment, representing approximately 24% of our fiscal 2024 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our ralph lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in asia, australia, and new zealand. our retail business in asia is primarily comprised of our ralph lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. in addition, we sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. our wholesale business in asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and various third-party digital and licensee partners.
no operating segments were aggregated to form our reportable segments. in addition to these reportable segments, we also have other non-reportable segments, representing approximately 2% of our fiscal 2024 net revenues, which primarily consist of ralph lauren and chaps branded royalty revenues earned through our global licensing alliances. in addition, prior to its disposition at the end of our first quarter of fiscal 2022, our other non-reportable segments also included sales of club monaco branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in the u.s., canada, and europe, and our licensing alliances in asia. see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional discussion regarding the disposition of our former club monaco business, as well as the transition of our chaps business to a fully licensed business model.
approximately 55% of our fiscal 2024 net revenues were earned outside of the u.s. see note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our segment reporting structure.
our business is typically affected by seasonal trends, with higher levels of retail sales in our second and third fiscal quarters and higher wholesale sales in our second and fourth fiscal quarters. these trends result primarily from the timing of key vacation travel, back-to-school, and holiday shopping periods impacting our retail business and timing of seasonal wholesale shipments. as a result of changes in our business, consumer spending patterns, and the macroeconomic environment, including those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events, historical quarterly operating trends and working capital requirements may not be indicative of our future performance. in addition, fluctuations in sales, operating income (loss), and cash flows in any fiscal quarter may be affected by other events affecting retail sales, such as changes in weather patterns.
recent developments next generation transformation project we are in the early stages of executing a large-scale multi-year global project that is expected to significantly transform the way in which we operate our business and further enable our long-term strategic pivot toward a global direct-to-consumer-oriented model (the "next generation transformation project" or "ngt project"). the ngt project will be completed in phases and involves the redesigning of certain end-to-end processes and the implementation of a suite of information systems on a global scale. such efforts are expected to result in significant process improvements and the creation of synergies across core areas of operations, including merchandise buying and planning, procurement, inventory management, retail and wholesale operations, and financial planning and reporting, better enabling us to optimize inventory levels and increase the speed to which we can react to changes in consumer demand across markets, among other benefits.
in connection with the preliminary phase of the ngt project, we incurred other charges of $5.1 million during fiscal 2024, which were recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations.
global economic conditions and industry trends the global economy and retail industry are impacted by many different factors. changes in economic conditions, most notably persisting inflationary pressures (including increases in the cost of raw materials, transportation, and salaries & benefits), high interest rates, significant foreign currency volatility, bank failures, and concerns of a potential recession, continue to impact consumer discretionary income levels, spending, and sentiment in the u.s. and beyond. in response to such pressures, as well as in an effort to reduce elevated inventory levels, many retailers (particularly in the u.s.) have become increasingly more promotional in an attempt to offset traffic declines and increase conversion. the future geopolitical landscape also remains particularly uncertain, with over 60 countries scheduled to hold national elections during 2024, including the u.s. presidential election in november. any resulting changes in international trade relations, legislation and regulations (including those related to taxation and importation), or economic and monetary policies, or heightened diplomatic tensions or political and civil unrest, among other potential impacts, could adversely impact the global economy and our operating results.
the global economy has also been negatively impacted by ongoing military conflicts taking place in various parts of the world, most notably the russia-ukraine and israel-hamas wars, other recent hostilities in the middle east, and militant attacks on cargo vessels in the red sea. although our voluntary decision to suspend operations in russia has not resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and our ongoing operations in israel are also not material, our business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by the broader macroeconomic implications resulting from these and other military conflicts, including inflationary pressures, unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, increases in energy prices, food shortages, and volatility in financial markets, among other factors, which have adversely impacted consumer sentiment and confidence. although our business has not been significantly impacted by the recent red sea crisis, it could lead to shipping delays, inventory shortages, and/or higher freight costs in the near future and beyond. it is not clear at this time how long these conflicts will endure, or if they will escalate further with additional countries declaring war against each other, which could further amplify the impacts of the various macroeconomic factors described above and potentially result in a global recession.
we have implemented various strategies globally to help address many of these current challenges and continue to build a foundation for long-term profitable growth centered around strengthening our consumer-facing areas of product, stores, and marketing across channels and driving a more efficient operating model. our strategy for mitigating inflationary pressures includes numerous levers, including our commitment to driving average unit retail growth, leveraging our diversified supply chain and strong supplier relationships, elevating our product sustainability efforts, and leveraging our in-house quality control to reduce time and cost from the manufacturing process, among other efforts. we have also taken earlier receipts of inventory and strategically utilize faster means of transportation when necessary to maximize full-price selling windows. while we remain agile and mindful of the increasing competitive promotional environment, we plan to continue driving our broader long-term strategy of brand elevation, which includes multiple levers to continue driving average unit retail growth and brand equity.
we will continue to monitor these conditions and trends and will evaluate and adjust our operating strategies and foreign currency and cost management opportunities to help mitigate the related impacts on our results of operations, while remaining focused on the long-term growth of our business and protecting and elevating the value of our brand.
for a detailed discussion of significant risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations, see part i, item 1a - "risk factors" included in this annual report on form 10-k.
summary of financial performance operating results in fiscal 2024, we reported net revenues of $6.631 billion, net income of $646.3 million, and net income per diluted share of $9.71, as compared to net revenues of $6.444 billion, net income of $522.7 million, and net income per diluted share of $7.58 in fiscal 2023. the comparability of our operating results has been affected by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other benefits (charges), as well as non-recurring income tax events. we also continue to experience varying degrees of business disruptions resulting from the current macroeconomic environment, including inflationary pressures, ongoing military conflicts taking place in various parts of the world, and foreign currency volatility, among other factors.
our operating performance for fiscal 2024 reflected revenue increases of 2.9% on a reported basis and 2.7% on a constant currency basis, as defined within "transactions and trends affecting comparability of results of operations and financial condition" below. net revenue growth was led by our international businesses.
our gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased by 220 basis points to 66.8% during fiscal 2024, primarily driven by lower freight costs, favorable geographic and channel mix, higher average unit retail ("aur"), and lower non-routine inventory charges recorded during fiscal 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year, all partially offset by higher product costs and unfavorable foreign currency effects.
selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses as a percentage of net revenues during fiscal 2024 increased by 140 basis points to 54.3%, primarily driven by higher compensation-related expenses, rent and occupancy costs, and marketing and advertising expenses.
net income increased by $123.6 million to $646.3 million in fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to a $52.2 million increase in our operating income and higher interest income of $40.8 million, as well as a $38.1 million decrease in our income tax provision. net income per diluted share increased by $2.13 to $9.71 per share during fiscal 2024 driven by the higher level of net income and lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding.
during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, our operating results were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) totaling $69.9 million and $66.0 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by $52.6 million, or $0.80 per diluted share, and $52.9 million, or $0.76 per diluted share, respectively. net income during fiscal 2024 also reflected an income tax benefit of $13.1 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, recorded in connection with non-recurring income tax events.
financial condition and liquidity we ended fiscal 2024 in a net cash and short-term investments position (calculated as cash and cash equivalents, plus short-term investments, less total debt) of $642.7 million, as compared to $427.2 million as of the end of fiscal 2023. the increase in our net cash and short-term investments position during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to our operating cash flows of $1.070 billion, partially offset by our use of cash to support class a common stock repurchases of $449.7 million, including withholdings in satisfaction of tax obligations for stock-based compensation awards, to make dividend payments of $194.6 million, and to invest in our business through $164.8 million in capital expenditures.
net cash provided by operating activities was $1.070 billion during fiscal 2024, as compared to $411.0 million during fiscal 2023. the net increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to a net favorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year, as well as an increase in net income before non-cash charges.
our equity increased to $2.450 billion as of march 30, 2024, compared to $2.431 billion as of april 1, 2023 due to our comprehensive income and the net impact of stock-based compensation arrangements, partially offset by our share repurchase activity and dividends declared during fiscal 2024.
transactions and trends affecting comparability of results of operations and financial condition the comparability of our operating results for the three fiscal years presented herein has been affected by certain events, including:
pretax charges incurred in connection with our restructuring activities, as well as certain other benefits (charges), as summarized below (references to "notes" are to the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements):
fiscal years ended march 30,               april 1,                     april 2,
2024               2023                         2022
(millions)
restructuring and other charges, net (see note 9)                   $(74.9)                     $(43.0)                      $(22.2)
non-routine inventory benefits (charges)(a)                             4.5                     (15.4)           13.3
impairment of assets (see note 8)                                         -                     (9.7)                        (21.3)
non-routine bad debt reversals (expense), net(b)                        0.5         2.1                                      (2.4)
total charges, net                                                  $(69.9)                     $(66.0)                      $(32.6)
(a)non-routine inventory benefits (charges) are recorded within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. the benefits recorded during fiscal 2024 primarily related to reversals of amounts previously recognized in connection with delays in u.s. customs shipment reviews and approvals (approximately $3 million) and the covid-19 pandemic (approximately $2 million). non-routine inventory charges, net recorded during fiscal 2023 primarily related to the russia-ukraine war (approximately $10 million) and delays in u.s. customs shipment reviews and approvals (approximately $5 million). non-routine inventory benefits, net recorded during fiscal 2022 related to covid-19-related reserves.
(b)non-routine bad debt reversals (expense), net are recorded within sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. non-routine bad debt reversals, net recorded during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 primarily related to charges previously recognized in connection with the russia-ukraine war. non-routine bad debt expense, net recorded during fiscal 2022 related to the russia-ukraine war (approximately $3 million), partially offset by covid-19-related bad debt reversals (approximately $1 million).
a one-time tax benefit of $13.1 million recorded within our income tax provision during fiscal 2024 in connection with swiss tax reform and the european union's anti-tax avoidance directive, which decreased our effective tax rate by 170 basis points. see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion;
the inclusion of the 53rd week in fiscal 2022, which resulted in incremental net revenues of $62.7 million and net income of $16.5 million, or approximately $0.22 per diluted share;
the disposition of our former club monaco business at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2022 in connection with our fiscal 2021 strategic realignment plan. we did not recognize any net revenues during fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023 in connection with our former club monaco business, whereas we recognized net revenues of approximately $34 million during fiscal 2022. see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion;
the transition of our chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of fiscal 2022 in connection with our fiscal 2021 strategic realignment plan, which resulted in declines in net revenues of approximately $15 million during fiscal 2023 and $69 million during fiscal 2022, each as compared to their respective prior fiscal year. see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion; and
varying degrees of covid-19 business disruptions during the fiscal years presented.
because we are a global company, the comparability of our operating results reported in u.s. dollars is also affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations because the underlying currencies in which we transact change in value over time compared to the u.s. dollar. such fluctuations can have a significant effect on our reported results. as such, in addition to financial measures prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("u.s. gaap"), our discussions often contain references to constant currency measures, which are calculated by translating current-year and prior-year reported amounts into comparable amounts using a single foreign exchange rate for each currency. we present constant currency financial information, which is a non-u.s. gaap financial measure, as a supplement to our reported operating results. we use constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our businesses performed excluding the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. we believe this information is useful to investors for facilitating comparisons of operating results and better identifying trends in our businesses. the constant currency performance measures should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of or superior to, our operating performance measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. reconciliations between this non-u.s. gaap financial measure and the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure are included in the "results of operations" section where applicable.
our discussion also includes reference to comparable store sales. comparable store sales refer to the change in sales of our stores that have been open for at least 13 full fiscal months. sales from our digital commerce sites are also included within comparable sales for those geographies that have been serviced by the related site for at least 13 full fiscal months. sales for stores or digital commerce sites that are closed or shut down during the year are excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales. sales for stores that are either relocated, enlarged (as defined by gross square footage expansion of 25% or greater), or generally closed for 30 or more consecutive days for renovation are also excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales until such stores have been operating in their new location or in their newly renovated state for at least 13 full fiscal months. all comparable store sales metrics are calculated on a 52-week and constant currency basis.
our "results of operations" discussion that follows includes the significant changes in operating results arising from these items affecting comparability. however, unusual items or transactions may occur in any period. accordingly, investors and other financial statement users should consider the types of events and transactions that have affected operating trends.
results of operations fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023
the following table summarizes our results of operations and expresses the percentage relationship to net revenues of certain financial statement captions. all percentages shown in the below table and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers.
fiscal years ended march 30,                          april 1,                               $                        % / bps
2024                              2023                          change                         change
(millions, except per share data)
net revenues                                                         $6,631.4                           $6,443.6                          $187.8                          2.9      %
cost of goods sold                                                  (2,199.6)                          (2,277.8)                            78.2                         (3.4     %)
gross profit                                                          4,431.8                            4,165.8                           266.0                          6.4      %
gross profit as % of net revenues                                        66.8     %                         64.6    %                                                     220    bps selling, general, and administrative expenses                       (3,600.5)                          (3,408.9)                         (191.6)                          5.6      %
sg&amp;a expenses as % of net revenues                                   54.3     %                         52.9    %                                                     140    bps impairment of assets                                                        -                              (9.7)                             9.7                       (100.0     %)
restructuring and other charges, net                                   (74.9)                             (43.0)                          (31.9)                         74.1      %
operating income                                                        756.4                              704.2                            52.2                          7.4      %
operating income as % of net revenues                                    11.4     %                         10.9    %                                                      50    bps interest expense                                                       (42.2)                             (40.4)                           (1.8)                          4.4      %
interest income                                                          73.0                               32.2                            40.8                        127.1      %
other expense, net                                                      (9.8)                              (4.1)                           (5.7)                        142.3      %
income before income taxes                                              777.4                              691.9                            85.5                         12.4      %
income tax provision                                                  (131.1)                            (169.2)                            38.1                        (22.5     %)
effective tax rate(a)                                                    16.9     %                         24.5    %                                                    (760   bps)
net income                                                             $646.3                             $522.7                          $123.6                         23.7      %
net income per common share:
basic                                                                   $9.91                              $7.72                           $2.19                         28.4      %
diluted                                                                 $9.71                              $7.58                           $2.13                         28.1      %
(a)effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the income tax provision by income before income taxes.
net revenues.    net revenues increased by $187.8 million, or 2.9%, to $6.631 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023, including favorable foreign currency effects of $12.4 million. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $175.4 million, or 2.7%. these increases were driven by our international businesses.
the following table summarizes the percentage change in our fiscal 2024 consolidated comparable store sales as compared to the prior fiscal year:
% change digital commerce                                   5    %
brick and mortar                                   6    %
total comparable store sales                       6    %
our global average store count increased by 30 stores and concession shops during fiscal 2024 compared with the prior fiscal year, driven by new openings primarily in asia. the following table details our retail store presence by segment as of the periods presented:
march 30,                april 1,
2024                    2023
freestanding stores:
north america                                   230                      237
europe                                          103                      104
asia                                            231                      212
total freestanding stores                       564                      553
concession shops:
north america                                     1                        1
europe                                           27                       29
asia                                            671                      692
total concession shops                          699                      722
total stores                                  1,263                    1,275
in addition to our stores, we sell products online in north america, europe, and asia through our various digital commerce sites, as well as through our ralph lauren app in the u.s. we also sell products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in asia.
net revenues for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's net revenues from the prior fiscal year, are provided below:
fiscal years ended                     $ change            foreign exchange impact                                     $ change                                                    % change march 30,                          april 1,                           as                                          constant currency                                  as                      constant
2024                              2023                     reported                                                                                       reported                      currency
(millions)
net revenues:
north america                                         $2,950.5                           $3,020.5                      $(70.0)                 $(2.2)                                                  $(67.8)                          (2.3   %)                     (2.2   %)
europe                                                 1,968.0                            1,839.2                        128.8        69.6                                   59.2                                                        7.0    %                      3.2    %
asia                                                   1,566.6                            1,426.7                        139.9                 (55.0)                        194.9                                                       9.8    %                     13.7    %
other non-reportable segments(a)       146.3                           157.2                                            (10.9)                 -                                                        (10.9)                          (6.9   %)                     (6.9   %)
total net revenues                                    $6,631.4                           $6,443.6                       $187.8                 $12.4                                                    $175.4                           2.9    %                      2.7    %
north america net revenues - net revenues decreased by $70.0 million, or 2.3%, during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023. on a constant currency basis, net revenues decreased by $67.8 million, or 2.2%.
the $70.0 million decline in north america net revenues was driven by:
a $113.3 million decline related to our north america wholesale business as we carefully manage sell-ins to our wholesale customers to better align with consumer demand, as well as the return to a more normalized timing of shipments following last year's supply chain disruption.
this decline was partially offset by:
a $43.3 million increase related to our north america retail business. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $44.3 million, reflecting increases of $35.9 million in comparable store sales and $8.4 million in non-comparable store sales. the following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our north america retail business:
% change digital commerce                                   -    %
brick and mortar                                   3    %
total comparable store sales                       2    %
europe net revenues - net revenues increased by $128.8 million, or 7.0%, during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $59.2 million, or 3.2%.
the $128.8 million increase in europe net revenues was driven by:
a $112.9 million increase related to our europe retail business, inclusive of favorable foreign currency effects of $31.4 million. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $81.5 million, reflecting increases of $66.7 million in comparable store sales and $14.8 million in non-comparable store sales. the following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our europe retail business:
% change digital commerce                                  11    %
brick and mortar                                   7    %
total comparable store sales                       8    %
a $15.9 million increase related to our europe wholesale business largely driven by favorable foreign currency effects of $38.2 million and stronger re-order trends, partially offset by the negative impact of lapping the prior fiscal year's favorable post-pandemic wholesale allowances.
asia net revenues - net revenues increased by $139.9 million, or 9.8%, during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $194.9 million, or 13.7%.
the $139.9 million increase in asia net revenues was driven by:
a $141.7 million increase related to our asia retail business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of $51.5 million. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $193.2 million, reflecting increases of $116.9 million in comparable store sales and $76.3 million in non-comparable store sales. the following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our asia retail business:
% change digital commerce                                  19    %
brick and mortar                                  10    %
total comparable store sales                      10    %
this increase was partially offset by a $1.8 million decline related to our asia wholesale business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of $3.5 million.
gross profit.    gross profit increased by $266.0 million, or 6.4%, to $4.432 billion in fiscal 2024, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of $4.9 million. gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased to 66.8% in fiscal 2024 from 64.6% in fiscal 2023. the 220 basis point improvement was primarily driven by lower freight costs, favorable geographic and channel mix, higher aur, and lower non-routine inventory charges recorded during fiscal 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year, all partially offset by higher product costs and unfavorable foreign currency effects.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenues is dependent upon a variety of factors, including changes in the relative sales mix among distribution channels, changes in the mix of products sold, pricing, the timing and level of promotional activities, foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in product costs. these factors, among others, may cause gross profit as a percentage of net revenues to fluctuate from year to year.
selling, general, and administrative expenses.    sg&a expenses include costs relating to compensation and benefits, rent and occupancy, marketing and advertising, distribution, information technology, legal, depreciation and amortization, bad debt, and other selling and administrative costs. sg&a expenses increased by $191.6 million, or 5.6%, to $3.600 billion in fiscal 2024, including favorable foreign currency effects of $11.4 million. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased to 54.3% in fiscal 2024 from 52.9% in fiscal 2023. the 140 basis point increase was largely attributable to geographic and channel mix resulting from growth of our international and retail businesses which typically carry higher operating expense margins.
the $191.6 million increase in sg&a expenses was driven by:
fiscal 2024
compared to fiscal 2023
(millions)
sg&amp;a expense category:
compensation-related expenses                            $108.2
rent and occupancy costs                                   30.9
marketing and advertising expenses                         28.9
depreciation and amortization expense                       8.3
other                                                      15.3
total increase in sg&amp;a expenses                      $191.6
impairment of assets.  no impairment charges were recorded during fiscal 2024. on a comparative basis, during fiscal 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $9.7 million to write-down certain long-lived assets. see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
restructuring and other charges, net.  during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we recorded net restructuring charges and benefits of $55.8 million and $19.2 million, respectively, primarily consisting of severance and benefits costs, as well as other charges of $14.0 million and $23.8 million, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. in addition, during fiscal 2024 we recorded other charges of $5.1 million in connection with our next generation transformation project (refer to "recent developments" for additional discussion). additionally, during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we recognized income of $7.0 million and $3.5 million, respectively, related to consideration received from regent, l.p. ("regent") in connection with our previously sold club monaco business, pursuant to certain clauses included in the securities and asset purchase agreement. we donated this income to the ralph lauren corporate foundation, a non-profit, charitable foundation, which resulted in related offsetting donation expenses of $7.0 million and $3.5 million during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
operating income.    operating income increased by $52.2 million, or 7.4%, to $756.4 million during fiscal 2024, reflecting favorable foreign currency effects of $6.5 million. our operating results during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling $69.9 million and $66.0 million, respectively. operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 11.4% in fiscal 2024, reflecting a 50 basis point improvement from fiscal 2023. the improvement in operating income as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by the increase in our gross margin, partially offset by the increase in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues, both as previously discussed.
operating income and margin for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's operating margin from the prior fiscal year, are provided below:
fiscal years ended march 30, 2024                                                                                      april 1, 2023
operating                         operating                           operating                   operating                                   $                    margin income                            margin                                 income                   margin                                 change                    change
(millions)                                                           (millions)                                                      (millions)
segment:
north america                                                                 $553.6                             18.8%                        $543.2                             18.0%                         $10.4                           80 bps europe                                                   464.9                                                   23.6%                         406.5                             22.1%                          58.4                          150 bps asia                                                     335.9                                                   21.4%                         289.6                             20.3%                          46.3                          110 bps other non-reportable segments(a)                         128.9                                                   88.1%                         146.4                             93.1%                        (17.5)                        (500 bps)
1,483.3                                                         1,385.7                                                            97.6
unallocated corporate expenses                                               (652.0)                                                         (638.5)                                                          (13.5)
unallocated restructuring and other charges, net                              (74.9)                                                          (43.0)                                                          (31.9)
total operating income                                                        $756.4                             11.4%                        $704.2                             10.9%                         $52.2                           50 bps north america operating margin improved by 80 basis points, primarily due to the favorable impact of 90 basis points attributable to lower non-routine inventory charges recorded during fiscal 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year. the overall improvement in operating margin also reflected the net favorable impact of approximately 20 basis points driven by an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues. this increase in overall operating margin was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of approximately 30 basis points attributable to channel mix.
europe operating margin improved by 150 basis points, primarily due to approximately 170 basis points driven by an increase in gross margin. the overall improvement in operating margin also reflected favorable foreign currency effects of 20 basis points. these improvements in operating margin were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of approximately 40 basis points attributable to channel mix.
asia operating margin improved by 110 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 130 basis points largely driven by a decline in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues. this overall improvement in operating margin was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 20 basis points.
unallocated corporate expenses increased by $13.5 million to $652.0 million in fiscal 2024. the increase in unallocated corporate expenses was due to higher compensation-related expenses of $50.5 million, partially offset by lower rent and occupancy expenses of $6.6 million, lower marketing and advertising expenses of $6.4 million, lower depreciation and amortization expenses of $5.6 million, lower consulting fees of $5.1 million, lower selling-related expenses of $4.6 million, and lower other expenses of $8.7 million.
unallocated restructuring and other charges, net increased by $31.9 million to $74.9 million in fiscal 2024, as previously discussed above and in note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
non-operating income (expense), net.    non-operating income (expense), net is comprised of interest expense, interest income, and other income (expense), net, which includes foreign currency gains (losses), equity in income (losses) from our equity-method investees, and other non-operating expenses. during fiscal 2024, we reported non-operating income, net, of $21.0 million as compared to non-operating expense, net of $12.3 million during fiscal 2023. the $33.3 million increase in non-operating income, net was mainly due to a $40.8 million increase in interest income driven by higher interest rates in financial markets and higher average on-hand cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balance during the current fiscal year compared to the prior fiscal year. the increase in interest income was partially offset by higher interest expense and other expense, net.
income tax provision.    the income tax provision represents federal, foreign, state and local income taxes. our effective tax rate will change from period to period based on various factors including, but not limited to, the geographic mix of earnings, the timing and amount of foreign dividends, enacted tax legislation, state and local taxes, tax audit findings and settlements, and the interaction of various global tax strategies.
the income tax provision and effective tax rate in fiscal 2024 were $131.1 million and 16.9%, respectively, compared to $169.2 million and 24.5%, respectively, in fiscal 2023. the $38.1 million decrease in our income tax provision was primarily driven by the 760 basis point decline in our effective tax rate, partially offset by an increase in our pretax income. the decline in our effective tax rate was due to a deferred tax benefit recognized as a result of transactions entered into as part of a reorganization of the company's legal entity structure, the favorable impact of remeasuring net deferred tax assets as a result of recently enacted changes in tax legislation, and the absence of unfavorable prior year adjustments related to certain deferred tax assets and receivables, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of audit-related reserve adjustments. the decline in our effective tax rate was also due to a one-time tax benefit of $13.1 million recorded during fiscal 2024 in connection with swiss tax reform and the european union's anti-tax avoidance directive, which lowered our effective tax rate by 170 basis points. see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
net income.    net income increased to $646.3 million in fiscal 2024, from $522.7 million in fiscal 2023. the $123.6 million increase in net income was primarily due to an increase in our operating income and non-operating income, net, as well as a decrease in our income tax provision, all as previously discussed. our operating results during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling $69.9 million and $66.0 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by $52.6 million and $52.9 million, respectively. net income during fiscal 2024 also reflected an income tax benefit of $13.1 million recorded in connection with swiss tax reform and the european union's anti-tax avoidance directive, as previously discussed.
net income per diluted share.    net income per diluted share increased to $9.71 in fiscal 2024, from $7.58 in fiscal 2023. the $2.13 per share increase was primarily driven by the higher level of net income, as previously discussed, and lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding during fiscal 2024 driven by our share repurchases during the last twelve months. net income per diluted share for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 were also negatively impacted by $0.80 per share and $0.76 per share, respectively, attributable to net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits), as previously discussed. net income per diluted share during fiscal 2024 was also favorably impacted by $0.20 due to an income tax benefit recorded in connection with swiss tax reform and the european union's anti-tax avoidance directive, as previously discussed.
fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022
the following table summarizes our results of operations and expresses the percentage relationship to net revenues of certain financial statement captions. all percentages shown in the below table and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers.
fiscal years ended april 1,                          april 2,                               $                      % / bps
2023                              2022                          change                       change
(millions, except per share data)
net revenues                                                         $6,443.6                          $6,218.5                          $225.1                        3.6      %
cost of goods sold                                                  (2,277.8)                         (2,071.0)                         (206.8)                       10.0      %
gross profit                                                          4,165.8                           4,147.5                            18.3                        0.4      %
gross profit as % of net revenues                                        64.6    %                         66.7    %                                                  (210   bps)
selling, general, and administrative expenses                       (3,408.9)                         (3,305.6)                         (103.3)                        3.1      %
sg&amp;a expenses as % of net revenues                                   52.9    %                         53.2    %                                                   (30   bps)
impairment of assets                                                    (9.7)                            (21.3)                            11.6                      (54.6     %)
restructuring and other charges, net                                   (43.0)                            (22.2)                          (20.8)                       93.3      %
operating income                                                        704.2                             798.4                          (94.2)                      (11.8     %)
operating income as % of net revenues                                    10.9    %                         12.8    %                                                  (190   bps)
interest expense                                                       (40.4)                            (54.0)                            13.6                      (25.3     %)
interest income                                                          32.2                               5.5                            26.7                      481.4      %
other income (expense), net                                             (4.1)                               4.7                           (8.8)                                nm income before income taxes                                              691.9                             754.6                          (62.7)                       (8.3     %)
income tax provision                                                  (169.2)                           (154.5)                          (14.7)                        9.5      %
effective tax rate(a)                                                    24.5    %                         20.5    %                                                   400    bps net income                                                             $522.7                            $600.1                         $(77.4)                      (12.9     %)
net income per common share:
basic                                                                   $7.72                             $8.22                         $(0.50)                       (6.1     %)
diluted                                                                 $7.58                             $8.07                         $(0.49)                       (6.1     %)
(a)effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the income tax provision by income before income taxes.
nm not meaningful.
net revenues.    net revenues increased by $225.1 million, or 3.6%, to $6.444 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of $360.0 million. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $585.1 million, or 9.4%. these increases in net revenues reflected growth across all of our reportable segments despite the negative impact associated with the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of $62.7 million during the prior fiscal year; the transition of our chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of fiscal 2022; and the disposition of our former club monaco business at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2022.
the following table summarizes the percentage change in our fiscal 2023 consolidated comparable store sales as compared to the prior fiscal year:
% change digital commerce                                   7    %
brick and mortar                                   8    %
total comparable store sales                       8    %
our global average store count increased by 90 stores and concession shops during fiscal 2023 compared with the prior fiscal year, driven by new openings primarily in asia. the following table details our retail store presence by segment as of the periods presented:
april 1,                april 2,
2023                    2022
freestanding stores:
north america                                 237                     239
europe                                        104                      95
asia                                          212                     170
total freestanding stores                     553                     504
concession shops:
north america                                   1                       1
europe                                         29                      29
asia                                          692                     654
total concession shops                        722                     684
total stores                                1,275                   1,188
in addition to our stores, we sold products online in north america, europe, and asia through our various digital commerce sites, as well as through our ralph lauren app in the u.s. we also sold products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in asia.
net revenues for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's net revenues from the prior fiscal year, are provided below:
fiscal years ended                     $ change            foreign exchange impact                                     $ change                                                    % change april 1,                          april 2,                           as                                          constant currency                                  as                      constant
2023                              2022                     reported                                                                                       reported                      currency
(millions)
net revenues:
north america                                         $3,020.5                          $2,968.2                        $52.3                 $(5.6)                                                    $57.9                           1.8    %                      2.0    %
europe                                                 1,839.2                           1,780.7                         58.5                 (196.3)                       254.8                                                       3.3    %                     14.3    %
asia                                                   1,426.7                           1,286.8                        139.9                 (157.9)                       297.8                                                      10.9    %                     23.1    %
other non-reportable segments(a)       157.2                          182.8                                            (25.6)                 (0.2)                                                    (25.4)                         (14.0   %)                    (13.9   %)
total net revenues                                    $6,443.6                          $6,218.5                       $225.1                 $(360.0)                                                 $585.1                           3.6    %                      9.4    %
(a)reflects the disposition of our former club monaco business at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2022.
north america net revenues - net revenues increased by $52.3 million, or 1.8%, during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. this increase reflected the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately $30 million during the prior fiscal year, primarily related to our retail business. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $57.9 million, or 2.0%.
the $52.3 million increase in north america net revenues was driven by:
a $58.3 million increase related to our north america wholesale business largely driven by stronger sell-in trends as compared to the prior fiscal year. this increase was realized despite the transition of our chaps business to a fully licensed business model during the second quarter of fiscal 2022.
this increase was partially offset by:
a $6.0 million decrease related to our north america retail business, reflecting the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately $28 million during the prior fiscal year. on a constant currency basis, net revenues decreased by $2.4 million, reflecting a decrease of $24.9 million in non-
comparable store sales driven by the absence on the 53rd week, partially offset by an increase of $22.5 million in comparable store sales. the following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our north america retail business:
% change digital commerce                                   3    %
brick and mortar                                   1    %
total comparable store sales                       1    %
europe net revenues - net revenues increased by $58.5 million, or 3.3%, during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. this increase reflected the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately $12 million during the prior fiscal year related to our retail business. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $254.8 million, or 14.3%.
the $58.5 million increase in europe net revenues was driven by:
a $30.1 million increase related to our europe retail business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of $92.3 million and the absence of the 53rd week. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $122.4 million reflecting increases of $88.8 million in comparable store sales and $33.6 million in non-comparable store sales. the following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our europe retail business:
% change digital commerce                                  10    %
brick and mortar                                  14    %
total comparable store sales                      13    %
a $28.4 million increase related to our europe wholesale business largely driven by stronger post-pandemic demand during the first half of fiscal 2023, coupled with improved timing of inventory receipts and fulfillment of customer orders, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of $104.0 million.
asia net revenues - net revenues increased by $139.9 million, or 10.9%, during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022, despite covid-19-related disruptions continuing to sporadically occur throughout the fiscal year, as well as the absence of the 53rd week, which resulted in incremental net revenues of approximately $21 million during the prior fiscal year related to our retail business. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $297.8 million, or 23.1%.
the $139.9 million increase in asia net revenues was driven by:
a $114.7 million increase related to our asia retail business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of $148.5 million and the absence of the 53rd week. on a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by $263.2 million reflecting increases of $164.8 million in comparable store sales and $98.4 million in non-comparable store sales. the following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our asia retail business:
% change digital commerce                                  24    %
brick and mortar                                  17    %
total comparable store sales                      17    %
a $25.2 million increase related to our asia wholesale business, reflecting increases most notably in japan, south korea, and australia, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of $9.4 million.
gross profit.    gross profit increased by $18.3 million, or 0.4%, to $4.166 billion in fiscal 2023, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of $330.3 million. gross profit as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 64.6% in fiscal 2023 from 66.7% in fiscal 2022. the 210 basis point decline was primarily driven by inflationary cost pressures, unfavorable foreign currency effects, and higher non-routine inventory charges recorded during fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, partially offset by higher pricing.
selling, general, and administrative expenses.    sg&a expenses increased by $103.3 million, or 3.1%, to $3.409 billion in fiscal 2023, including favorable foreign currency effects of $165.8 million. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 52.9% in fiscal 2023 from 53.2% in fiscal 2022. the 30 basis point decline was driven by operating leverage on higher net revenues.
the $103.3 million increase in sg&a expenses was driven by:
fiscal 2023
compared to fiscal 2022
(millions)
sg&amp;a expense category:
compensation-related expenses                          $44.1
shipping and handling costs                             24.8
staff-related expenses                                  21.8
selling-related expenses                                17.3
consulting and professional fees                        15.3
non-income-related taxes                              (19.7)
marketing and advertising expenses                    (18.2)
other                                                   17.9
total increase in sg&amp;a expenses                   $103.3
impairment of assets.  during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $9.7 million and $21.3 million, respectively, to write-down certain long-lived assets. see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
restructuring and other charges, net.  during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we recorded net restructuring charges and benefits of $19.2 million and $4.0 million, respectively, primarily consisting of severance and benefits costs (reversals) and restructuring-related other charges, as well as other charges of $23.8 million and $11.8 million, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. additionally, during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we recognized income of $3.5 million and $4.0 million, respectively, related to consideration received from regent in connection with our previously sold club monaco business. we donated this income to the ralph lauren corporate foundation, which resulted in related offsetting donation expenses of $3.5 million and $4.0 million during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. we also recorded charges of $6.4 million during fiscal 2022 in connection with non-income-related capital taxes resulting from swiss tax reform. see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
operating income.    operating income decreased by $94.2 million, or 11.8%, to $704.2 million during fiscal 2023, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency effects of $164.5 million. our operating results during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling $66.0 million and $32.6 million, respectively. operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 10.9% in fiscal 2023, reflecting a 190 basis point decline from fiscal 2022. the decline in operating income as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by the decrease in our gross margin and higher net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) recorded during fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, partially offset by the decline in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues, all as previously discussed.
operating income and margin for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's operating margin from the prior fiscal year, are provided below:
fiscal years ended april 1, 2023                                                                                       april 2, 2022
operating                         operating                           operating                   operating                                   $                      margin income                            margin                                 income                   margin                                 change                      change
(millions)                                                           (millions)                                                      (millions)
segment:
north america                                                                 $543.2                             18.0%                        $676.7                             22.8%                        $(133.5)                        (480 bps)
europe                                                   406.5                                                   22.1%                         444.0                             24.9%                          (37.5)                        (280 bps)
asia                                                     289.6                                                   20.3%                         228.8                             17.8%                            60.8                          250 bps other non-reportable segments(a)                         146.4                                                   93.1%                         138.4                             75.7%                             8.0                        1,740 bps
1,385.7                                                         1,487.9                                                           (102.2)
unallocated corporate expenses                                               (638.5)                                                         (667.3)                                                              28.8
unallocated restructuring and other charges, net                              (43.0)                                                          (22.2)                                                            (20.8)
total operating income                                                        $704.2                             10.9%                        $798.4                             12.8%                         $(94.2)                        (190 bps)
(a)reflects the disposition of our former club monaco business at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2022.
north america operating margin declined by 480 basis points, primarily due to the net unfavorable impacts of approximately 370 basis points driven by an increase in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues and a decline in our gross margin. the overall decline in operating margin also reflected the unfavorable impact of 110 basis points attributable to higher non-routine inventory charges and asset impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year.
europe operating margin declined by 280 basis points, primarily due to the unfavorable impacts of 310 basis points attributable to foreign currency effects. the decline in operating margin was partially offset by the net favorable impact of approximately 10 basis points driven by a decline in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues, partially offset by a decline in our gross margin. the overall decline in operating margin also reflected the favorable impact of 20 basis points attributable to lower non-routine bad debt expenses recorded during fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year.
asia operating margin improved by 250 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 380 basis points driven by a decline in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues and an increase in our gross margin. the overall improvement in operating margin also reflected the favorable impact of approximately 40 basis points attributable to other factors, most notably favorable channel mix. these increases in operating margin were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of 170 basis points attributable to foreign currency effects.
unallocated corporate expenses decreased by $28.8 million to $638.5 million in fiscal 2023. the decline in unallocated corporate expenses was due to lower impairment charges of $17.3 million, lower non-income-related taxes of $16.9 million, lower compensation-related expenses of $11.5 million, and lower other expenses of $4.5 million, partially offset by higher consulting fees of $10.7 million and higher staff-related expenses of $10.7 million.
unallocated restructuring and other charges, net increased by $20.8 million to $43.0 million in fiscal 2023, as previously discussed above and in note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
non-operating income (expense), net.    during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we reported non-operating expense, net, of $12.3 million and $43.8 million, respectively. the $31.5 million decrease in non-operating expense, net was driven by:
a $26.7 million increase in interest income, primarily driven by higher interest rates in financial markets; and
a $13.6 million decrease in interest expense, primarily driven by the lower average level of outstanding debt during fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year resulting from our repayment of the 1.700% senior notes that matured on june 15, 2022 (see "financial condition and liquidity - cash flows").
these favorable variances were partially offset by an increase in other expense, net of $8.8 million primarily driven by higher net foreign currency losses during fiscal 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year.
income tax provision.    the income tax provision and effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 were $169.2 million and 24.5%, respectively, compared to $154.5 million and 20.5%, respectively, in fiscal 2022. the $14.7 million increase in our income tax provision was primarily driven by a 400 basis point increase in our effective tax rate, partially offset by the decline in our pretax income. the increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to the absence of prior year deferred tax adjustments for certain deferred tax liabilities and the absence of certain favorable permanent adjustments. see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
net income.    net income decreased to $522.7 million in fiscal 2023, from $600.1 million in fiscal 2022. the $77.4 million decrease in net income was primarily due to the decline in our operating income, partially offset by a decline in non-operating expense, net, both as previously discussed. our operating results during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits) totaling $66.0 million and $32.6 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by $52.9 million and $23.2 million, respectively. our net income during fiscal 2022 reflected the favorable impact of the inclusion of the 53rd week, which increased net income by $16.5 million.
net income per diluted share.    net income per diluted share decreased to $7.58 in fiscal 2023, from $8.07 in fiscal 2022. the $0.49 per share decrease was driven by the lower level of net income, as previously discussed, partially offset by lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding during fiscal 2023 driven by our share repurchases during the preceding twelve months. net income per diluted share for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 were also negatively impacted by $0.76 per share and $0.31 per share respectively, attributable to net restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other charges (benefits), as previously discussed. net income per diluted share during fiscal 2022 reflected the favorable impact of the inclusion of the 53rd week, which increased net income per diluted share by $0.22 per share.
financial condition and liquidity financial condition the following table presents our financial condition as of march 30, 2024 and april 1, 2023.
march 30,                    april 1,                         $
2024                        2023                    change
(millions)
cash and cash equivalents                                $1,662.2                     $1,529.3                    $132.9
short-term investments                    121.0                           36.4                        84.6
long-term debt(a)                                       (1,140.5)                    (1,138.5)                     (2.0)
net cash and short-term investments                        $642.7                       $427.2                    $215.5
equity                                                   $2,450.3                     $2,430.5                     $19.8
(a)see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the carrying values of our debt.
the increase in our net cash and short-term investments position at march 30, 2024 as compared to april 1, 2023 was primarily due to our operating cash flows of $1.070 billion, partially offset by our use of cash to support class a common stock repurchases of $449.7 million, including withholdings in satisfaction of tax obligations for stock-based compensation awards, to make dividend payments of $194.6 million, and to invest in our business through $164.8 million in capital expenditures.
the increase in our equity was attributable to our comprehensive income and the net impact of stock-based compensation arrangements, partially offset by our share repurchase activity and dividends declared during fiscal 2024.
cash flows fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023
fiscal years ended march 30,                  april 1,                                    $
2024                  2023                                   change
(millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                                                 $1,069.7                        $411.0                            $658.7
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                        (256.8)         471.5                                           (728.3)
net cash used in financing activities                                                      (665.6)                        (1,208.8)          543.2
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash              (13.6)                        (8.8)                              (4.8)
net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                      $133.7                        $(335.1)                          $468.8
net cash provided by operating activities.    net cash provided by operating activities was $1.070 billion during fiscal 2024, as compared to $411.0 million during fiscal 2023. the $658.7 million net increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to a net favorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year, as well as an increase in net income before non-cash charges.
the net favorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, was primarily driven by:
a favorable change related to our inventories, largely driven by a more normalized receipt cadence;
a net favorable change in our accrued liabilities largely driven by the impact of a lower bonus achievement level realized during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 and a favorable change in our restructuring reserve due to an increase in restructuring charges recorded during the current fiscal year period as compared to the prior fiscal year period, as well as a favorable change in accounts payable driven by the timing of cash payments; and
a favorable change related to our accounts receivable, largely driven by a decline in wholesale net revenues and timing of cash receipts.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities.    net cash used in investing activities was $256.8 million during fiscal 2024, as compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $471.5 million during fiscal 2023. the $728.3 million net increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by:
a $783.3 million decrease in proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, less purchases of investments. during fiscal 2024, we made net investment purchases of $88.5 million, as compared to receiving net proceeds from sales and maturities of investments of $694.8 million during fiscal 2023.
this increase in cash used in investing activities was partially offset by:
a $52.7 million decrease in capital expenditures. during fiscal 2024, we spent $164.8 million on capital expenditures, as compared to $217.5 million during fiscal 2023. our capital expenditures during fiscal 2024 primarily related to store openings and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems.
in fiscal 2025, we expect to spend approximately $300 million to $325 million on capital expenditures primarily related to store opening and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems (including those related to our next generation transformation project) and corporate office renovations.
net cash used in financing activities.    net cash used in financing activities was $665.6 million during fiscal 2024, as compared to $1.209 billion during fiscal 2023. the $543.2 million net decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by:
a $500.0 million decrease in cash used to repay debt. during fiscal 2024, we did not issue or repay any debt. on a comparative basis, during fiscal 2023, we repaid our previously outstanding $500.0 million principal amount of unsecured 1.700% senior notes that matured on june 15, 2022; and
a $38.9 million decrease in cash used to repurchase shares of our class a common stock. during fiscal 2024, we used $398.2 million to repurchase shares of our class a common stock pursuant to our common stock repurchase program, and an additional $51.5 million in shares of our class a common stock were surrendered or withheld in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards under our long-term stock incentive plans. on a comparative basis, during fiscal 2023, we used $454.3 million to repurchase shares of our class a common stock pursuant to our common stock repurchase program, and an additional $34.3 million in shares of our class a common stock were surrendered or withheld for taxes.
fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022
fiscal years ended april 1,                          april 2,                                   $
2023                              2022                                  change
(millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                                                          $411.0                            $715.9                         $(304.9)
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                    471.5                                         (717.9)                         1,189.4
net cash used in financing activities                                                              (1,208.8)                         (665.7)                         (543.1)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                     (8.8)                             (48.3)             39.5
net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                                        $(335.1)                          $(716.0)                         $380.9
net cash provided by operating activities.    net cash provided by operating activities was $411.0 million during fiscal 2023, as compared to $715.9 million during fiscal 2022. the $304.9 million net decrease in cash provided by operating activities was due to a net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year period, as well as the decline in net income before non-cash charges.
the net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, was primarily driven by:
a net unfavorable change in our accounts payable and accrued liabilities largely driven by a decrease in our bonus accrual and the timing of cash payments; and
an unfavorable change related to our accounts receivable, largely driven by stronger performance in our wholesale businesses, as well as timing of cash receipts.
these decreases related to our operating assets and liabilities were partially offset by:
a favorable change related to our inventories, largely driven by a more normalized receipt cadence; and
a favorable change related to our income tax receivables and payables largely driven by the timing of cash receipts and payments, respectively.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities.    net cash provided by investing activities was $471.5 million during fiscal 2023, as compared to cash used in investing activities of $717.9 million during fiscal 2022. the $1.189 billion increase in cash provided by investing activities was primarily driven by:
a $1.241 billion increase in proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, less purchases of investments. during fiscal 2023, we received net proceeds from sales and maturities of investments of $694.8 million, as compared to making net purchases of investments of $546.0 million during fiscal 2022.
this increase in cash provided by investing activities was partially offset by:
a $50.6 million increase in capital expenditures. during fiscal 2023, we spent $217.5 million on capital expenditures, as compared to $166.9 million during fiscal 2022. our capital expenditures during fiscal 2023 primarily related to store openings and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems.
net cash used in financing activities.    net cash used in financing activities was $1.209 billion during fiscal 2023, as compared to $665.7 million during fiscal 2022. the $543.1 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by:
a $500.0 million increase in cash used to repay debt. during fiscal 2023, we repaid our previously outstanding $500.0 million principal amount of unsecured 1.700% senior notes that matured june 15, 2022. on a comparative basis, during fiscal 2022, we did not issue or repay any debt; and
a $48.3 million increase in payments of dividends, due to the reinstatement of our quarterly cash dividend program during fiscal 2022 after being temporarily suspended at the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic as a preemptive action to preserve cash and strengthen our liquidity position, as well as an increase to the quarterly cash dividend per share. dividends paid amounted to $198.3 million and $150.0 million, during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively.
sources of liquidity our primary sources of liquidity are the cash flows generated from our operations, our available cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, availability under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper program, and other available financing options.
during fiscal 2024, we generated $1.070 billion of net cash flows from our operations. as of march 30, 2024, we had $1.783 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, of which $962.0 million were held by our subsidiaries domiciled outside the u.s. we are not dependent on foreign cash to fund our domestic operations. undistributed foreign earnings generated on or before december 31, 2017 that were subject to the one-time mandatory transition tax in connection with u.s. tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") are not considered to be permanently reinvested and may be repatriated to the u.s. in the future with minimal or no additional u.s. taxation. we intend to permanently reinvest undistributed foreign earnings generated after december 31, 2017 that were not subject to the one-time mandatory transition tax. however, if our plans change and we choose to repatriate post-2017 earnings to the u.s. in the future, we would be subject to applicable u.s. and foreign taxes.
the following table presents the total availability, borrowings outstanding, and remaining availability under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper program as of march 30, 2024:
march 30, 2024
description(a)                                                                       total            borrowings                    remaining availability            outstanding                   availability
(millions)
global credit facility and commercial paper program(b)                         $750                   $12               (c)         $738
pan-asia credit facilities                                                       36                   -                 36
japan overdraft facility                                                         33                   -                 33
(a)as defined in note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(b)borrowings under the commercial paper program are supported by the global credit facility. accordingly, we do not expect combined borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program and the global credit facility to exceed $750 million.
(c)represents outstanding letters of credit for which we were contingently liable under the global credit facility as of march 30, 2024.
we believe that the global credit facility is adequately diversified with no undue concentration in any one financial institution. in particular, as of march 30, 2024, there were seven financial institutions participating in the global credit facility, with no one participant maintaining a maximum commitment percentage in excess of 20%. in accordance with the terms of the agreement, we have the ability to expand our borrowing availability under the global credit facility to $1.500 billion through the full term of the facility, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments.
borrowings under the pan-asia credit facilities and japan overdraft facility (collectively, the "pan-asia borrowing facilities") are guaranteed by the parent company and are granted at the sole discretion of the participating banks (as described within note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), subject to availability of the respective banks' funds and satisfaction of certain regulatory requirements. we have no reason to believe that the participating institutions will be unable to fulfill their obligations to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the global credit facility and the pan-asia borrowing facilities in the event of our election to draw additional funds in the foreseeable future.
our sources of liquidity are used to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including working capital requirements, global retail store and digital commerce expansion, construction and renovation of shop-within-shops, investment in infrastructure, including technology, acquisitions, payment of dividends, debt repayments, class a common stock repurchases, settlement of contingent liabilities (including uncertain tax positions), and other corporate activities, including our restructuring actions. we believe that our existing sources of cash, the availability under our credit facilities, and our ability to access capital markets will be sufficient to support our operating, capital, and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future, the ongoing development of our businesses, and our plans for further business expansion. however, prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions in any of our key regions, or a combination thereof, such as those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events, could impede our ability to pay our obligations as they become due or return value to our shareholders, as well as delay previously planned expenditures related to our operations.
see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our credit facilities.
supplier finance program we support a voluntary supplier finance program which provides certain of our inventory suppliers the opportunity, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables due from us (which are generally due within 90 days) to a participating financial institution in exchange for receipt of a discounted payment amount made earlier than the payment term stipulated between us and the supplier. our vendor payment terms and amounts due are not impacted by a supplier's decision to participate in the program. we have not pledged any assets and do not provide guarantees under the supplier finance program. our payment obligations outstanding under our supplier finance program were $129.2 million and $122.2 million as of march 30, 2024 and april 1, 2023, respectively, and were recorded within accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheets.
debt and covenant compliance in august 2018, we completed a registered public debt offering and issued $400 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due september 15, 2025, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.750%, payable semi-annually (the "3.750% senior notes"). in june 2020, we completed another registered public debt offering and issued an additional $500 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes that were due and repaid on june 15, 2022 with cash on hand, which bore interest at a fixed rate of 1.700%, payable semi-annually (the "1.700% senior notes"), and $750 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due june 15, 2030, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.950%, payable semi-annually (the "2.950% senior notes").
the indenture and supplemental indentures governing the 3.750% senior notes and 2.950% senior notes (as supplemented, the "indenture") contain certain covenants that restrict our ability, subject to specified exceptions, to incur certain liens; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; consolidate or merge with another party; or sell, lease, or convey all or substantially all of our property or assets to another party. however, the indenture does not contain any financial covenants.
we have a credit facility that provides for a $750 million senior unsecured revolving line of credit through june 30, 2028, which may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures, certain investments, general corporate purposes, and for funding of acquisitions, as well as used to support the issuance of letters of credit and the maintenance of the commercial paper program (the "global credit facility"). borrowings under the global credit facility may be denominated in u.s. dollars and certain other currencies, including euros, hong kong dollars, and japanese yen. we have the ability to expand the borrowing availability under the global credit facility to $1.500 billion, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments. there are no mandatory reductions in borrowing ability throughout the term of the global credit facility.
the global credit facility contains a number of covenants, as described in note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. as of march 30, 2024, no event of default (as such term is defined pursuant to the global credit facility) has occurred under our global credit facility. the pan-asia borrowing facilities do not contain any financial covenants.
see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our debt and covenant compliance.
common stock repurchase program on february 2, 2022, our board of directors approved an expansion of our existing common stock repurchase program that allowed us to repurchase up to an additional $1.500 billion of our class a common stock, excluding related excise taxes. as of march 30, 2024, the remaining availability under our class a common stock repurchase program was approximately $776 million. repurchases of shares of our class a common stock are subject to overall business and market conditions.
as discussed in note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the inflation reduction act ("ira") was signed into law by president biden in august 2022. among its various provisions, the ira imposes a 1% excise tax on share repurchases made after december 31, 2022.
see note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our class a common stock repurchase program.
dividends we have generally maintained a regular quarterly cash dividend program on our common stock since 2003.
on may 18, 2022, our board of directors approved an increase to the quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $0.6875 to $0.75 per share. on may 16, 2024, our board of directors approved an additional increase to the quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $0.75 to $0.825 per share. the first quarterly dividend declared to reflect this increase will be payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on june 28, 2024 and will be paid on july 12, 2024.
we intend to continue to pay regular dividends on outstanding shares of our common stock. however, any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will ultimately be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant, including economic and market conditions.
see note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our quarterly cash dividend program.
material cash requirements firm commitments the following table summarizes certain of our aggregate material cash requirements as of march 30, 2024, and the estimated timing and effect that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. we expect to fund these firm commitments with operating cash flows generated in the normal course of business and, if necessary, through availability under our credit facilities or other accessible sources of financing.
fiscal                          fiscal                        fiscal                          fiscal                         total
2025                       2026-2027                     2028-2029                        2030 and thereafter
(millions)
senior notes                                                   $-                         $400.0                            $-                          $750.0                        $1,150.0
interest payments on debt                                    37.1                           51.8                          44.3                            33.2                           166.4
operating leases                                            279.0                          415.2                         281.7                           485.2                         1,461.1
finance leases                                               27.3                           58.9                          50.5                           188.9                           325.6
other lease commitments                                       0.4                           16.7                          19.7                           110.3                           147.1
inventory purchase commitments                              834.7                              -                             -                               -                           834.7
mandatory transition tax payments                            33.7                           42.2                             -                               -                            75.9
other commitments                                            77.8                           59.8                          25.7                               -                           163.3
total                                                    $1,290.0                       $1,044.6                        $421.9                        $1,567.6                        $4,324.1
the following is a description of our material, firmly committed obligations as of march 30, 2024:
senior notes represent the principal amount of our outstanding 3.750% senior notes and 2.950% senior notes. amounts do not include any call premiums, unamortized debt issuance costs, or interest payments (see below);
interest payments on debt represent the semi-annual contractual interest payments due on our 3.750% senior notes and 2.950% senior notes. amounts do not include the impact of potential cash flows underlying our related swap contracts (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of our swap contracts);
lease obligations represent fixed payments due over the lease term of our noncancelable leases of real estate and operating equipment, including rent, real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance fees, and/or certain other costs. for lease terms that have commenced, information has been presented separately for operating and finance leases. other lease commitments relate to executed lease agreements for which the related lease terms have not yet commenced as of march 30, 2024;
inventory purchase commitments represent our legally-binding agreements to purchase fixed or minimum quantities of goods at determinable prices;
mandatory transition tax payments represent our remaining tax obligation incurred in connection with the deemed repatriation of previously deferred foreign earnings pursuant to the tcja (see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the tcja); and
other commitments primarily represent our legally-binding obligations under sponsorship, licensing, and other marketing and advertising agreements; information technology-related service agreements; and pension-related obligations.
excluded from the above contractual obligations table is the non-current liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $118.7 million as of march 30, 2024, as we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which the liability will be settled, if ever. the above table also excludes the following: (i) amounts recorded in current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of march 30, 2024, which will be paid within one year, other than lease obligations, mandatory transition tax payments, and accrued interest payments on debt; and (ii) non-current liabilities that have no cash outflows associated with them (e.g., deferred income), or the cash outflows associated with them are uncertain or do not represent a "purchase obligation" as such term is used herein (e.g., deferred taxes, derivative financial instruments, asset retirement obligations, and other miscellaneous items).
we also have certain contractual arrangements that would require us to make payments if certain events or circumstances occur. see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of our contingent commitments not included in the above table.
off-balance sheet arrangements in addition to the commitments included in the above table, our other off-balance sheet firm commitments relating to our outstanding letters of credit amounted to $11.8 million as of march 30, 2024. we do not maintain any other off-balance sheet arrangements, transactions, obligations, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that would be expected to have a material current or future effect on our consolidated financial statements.
market risk management as discussed in note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we are exposed to a variety of levels and types of risks, including the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on foreign currency-denominated balances, certain anticipated cash flows of our international operations, and the value of reported net assets of our foreign operations, as well as changes in the fair value of our fixed-rate debt obligations relating to fluctuations in benchmark interest rates. accordingly, in the normal course of business we assess such risks and, in accordance with our established policies and procedures, may use derivative financial instruments to manage and mitigate them. we do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes.
given our use of derivative instruments, we are exposed to the risk that the counterparties to such contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. to mitigate such counterparty credit risk, it is our policy to only enter into contracts with carefully selected financial institutions based upon an evaluation of their credit ratings and certain other factors, adhering to established limits for credit exposure. our established policies and procedures for mitigating credit risk include ongoing review and assessment of the creditworthiness of our counterparties. we also enter into master netting arrangements with counterparties, when possible, to further mitigate credit risk. as a result of the above considerations, we do not believe that we are exposed to undue concentration of counterparty risk with respect to our derivative contracts as of march 30, 2024. however, we do have in aggregate $36.8 million of derivative instruments in net asset positions held across five creditworthy financial institutions.
foreign currency risk management we manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates using forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts. refer to note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of the notional amounts and fair values of our outstanding forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts, as well as the impact on earnings and other comprehensive income of such instruments for the fiscal years presented.
forward foreign currency exchange contracts we enter into forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate risk related to exchange rate fluctuations on inventory transactions made in an entity's non-functional currency, the settlement of foreign currency-denominated balances, and the translation of certain foreign operations' net assets into u.s. dollars. as part of our overall strategy for managing the level of exposure to such exchange rate risk, relating primarily to the euro, the japanese yen, the south korean won, the australian dollar, the canadian dollar, the british pound sterling, the swiss franc, and the chinese renminbi, we generally hedge a portion of our related exposures anticipated over the next twelve months using forward foreign currency exchange contracts with maturities of two months to one year to provide continuing coverage over the period of the respective exposure.
our foreign exchange risk management activities are governed by established policies and procedures. these policies and procedures provide a framework that allows for the management of currency exposures while ensuring the activities are conducted within our established guidelines. our policies include guidelines for the organizational structure of our risk management function and for internal controls over foreign exchange risk management activities, including, but not limited to, authorization levels, transaction limits, and credit quality controls, as well as various measurements for monitoring compliance. we monitor foreign exchange risk using different techniques, including periodic review of market values and performance of sensitivity analyses.
cross-currency swap contracts we periodically designate pay-fixed rate, receive-fixed rate cross-currency swap contracts as hedges of our net investment in certain european subsidiaries. these contracts swap u.s. dollar-denominated fixed interest rate payments based on the contract's notional amount and the fixed rate of interest payable on certain of our senior notes for euro-denominated fixed interest rate payments, thereby economically converting a portion of our fixed-rate u.s. dollar-denominated senior note obligations to fixed rate euro-denominated obligations.
see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our foreign currency exposures and the types of derivative instruments used to hedge those exposures.
sensitivity we perform a sensitivity analysis to determine the effects that market risk exposures may have on the fair values of our forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts. in doing so, we assess the risk of loss in the fair values of these contracts that would result from hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates. this analysis assumes a like movement by the foreign currencies in our hedge portfolio against the u.s. dollar. as of march 30, 2024, a 10% appreciation or depreciation of the u.s. dollar against the foreign currencies under contract would result in a net increase or decrease, respectively, in the fair value of our derivative portfolio of approximately $110 million. this hypothetical net change in fair value should ultimately be largely offset by the net change in the related underlying hedged items.
interest rate risk management sensitivity as of march 30, 2024, we had no variable-rate debt outstanding. as such, our exposure to changes in interest rates primarily relates to changes in the fair values of our fixed-rate senior notes. as of march 30, 2024, the aggregate fair values of our senior notes were $1.063 billion. a 25-basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase, respectively, the aggregate fair values of our senior notes by approximately $11 million based on certain simplifying assumptions, including an immediate across-the-board increase or decrease in the level of interest rates with no other subsequent changes for the remainder of the period. such potential increases or decreases in the fair value of our debt would only be realized if we were to retire all or a portion of the debt prior to its maturity.
investment risk management as of march 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents on-hand of $1.662 billion, consisting of deposits in interest bearing accounts, investments in money market deposit accounts, and investments in time deposits with original maturities of 90 days or less. our other significant investments included $121.0 million of short-term investments, consisting of investments in time deposits with original maturities greater than 90 days.
we actively monitor our exposure to changes in the fair value of our global investment portfolio in accordance with our established policies and procedures, which include monitoring both general and issuer-specific economic conditions, as discussed in note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. our investment objectives include capital preservation, maintaining adequate liquidity, diversification to minimize liquidity and credit risk, and achievement of maximum returns within the guidelines set forth in our investment policy. see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail of the composition of our investment portfolio as of march 30, 2024.
critical accounting policies an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. our estimates are often based on complex judgments, assessments of probability, and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. it is also possible that other professionals, applying reasonable judgment to the same set of facts and circumstances, could develop and support a range of alternative estimated amounts. we believe that the following list represents our critical accounting policies. for a discussion of all of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies, see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
sales reserves and uncollectible accounts a significant area of judgment affecting reported revenue involves estimating sales reserves, which represent the portion of gross revenues not expected to be realized. in particular, gross revenue related to our wholesale business is reduced by estimates of returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative advertising allowances. gross revenue related to our retail business, including digital commerce sales, is also reduced by an estimate of returns.
in developing estimates of returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and cooperative advertising allowances, we analyze historical trends, actual and forecasted seasonal results, current economic and market conditions, retailer performance, and, in certain cases, contractual terms. estimates for operational chargebacks are based on actual customer notifications of order fulfillment discrepancies and historical trends. we review and refine these estimates on a quarterly basis. our historical estimates of these amounts have not differed materially from actual results. however, unforeseen adverse future economic and market conditions, such as those resulting from widespread pandemic diseases and/or other catastrophic events, could result in our actual results differing materially from our estimates. a hypothetical 1% increase in our reserves for returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative advertising allowances as of march 30, 2024 would have reduced our fiscal 2024 net revenues by approximately $1 million.
similarly, we evaluate our accounts receivable balances to develop expectations regarding the extent to which they will ultimately be collected. significant judgment and estimation are involved in this evaluation, including a receivables aging analysis which shows, by aged category, the percentage of receivables that has historically gone uncollected, an analysis of specific risks on a customer-by-customer basis for larger accounts (including consideration of their financial condition and ability to withstand potential prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions), and an evaluation of current and forecasted economic and market conditions over the respective asset's contractual life. based on this information, we record an allowance for estimated amounts that we ultimately expect not to collect due to credit. although we believe that we have adequately provided for these risks as part of our allowance for doubtful accounts, a severe and prolonged adverse impact on our major customers' business and operations beyond those forecasted could have a corresponding material adverse effect on our net revenues, cash flows, and/or financial condition. a hypothetical 1% increase in the level of our allowance for doubtful accounts as of march 30, 2024 would have increased our fiscal 2024 sg&a expenses by less than $1 million.
see "accounts receivable" in note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for an analysis of the activity in our sales reserves and allowance for doubtful accounts for each of the three fiscal years presented.
inventories we hold retail inventory that is sold in our own stores and digital commerce sites directly to consumers. we also hold inventory that is sold through wholesale distribution channels to major department stores and specialty retail stores. substantially all of our inventories are comprised of finished goods, which are stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value, with cost determined on a weighted-average cost basis.
the estimated net realizable value of inventory is determined based on an analysis of historical sales trends of our individual product lines, the impact of market trends and economic conditions (including those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events), and a forecast of future demand, giving consideration to the value of current orders in-house for future sales of inventory, as well as plans to sell inventory through our outlet stores, among other liquidation channels. actual results may differ from estimates due to the quantity, quality, and mix of products in inventory, consumer and retailer preferences, and economic and market conditions. reserves for inventory shrinkage, representing the risk of physical loss of inventory, are estimated based on historical experience and are adjusted based upon physical inventory counts. our historical estimates of these costs and the related provisions have not differed materially from actual results. however, unforeseen adverse future economic and market conditions could result in our actual results differing materially from our estimates.
a hypothetical 1% increase in the level of our inventory reserves as of march 30, 2024 would have decreased our fiscal 2024 gross profit by approximately $3 million.
impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill and certain other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. rather, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment at least annually. finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be fully recoverable.
we generally perform our annual goodwill impairment assessment using a qualitative approach to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its respective carrying value. however, in order to reassess the fair values of our reporting units, we periodically perform a quantitative impairment analysis in lieu of using the qualitative approach.
performance of the qualitative goodwill impairment assessment requires judgment in identifying and considering the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that affect the fair values of our reporting units. this requires consideration and assessment of external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as our actual and planned financial performance. we also give consideration to the difference between each reporting unit's fair value and carrying value as of the most recent date that a fair value measurement was performed. if the results of the qualitative assessment conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, additional quantitative impairment testing is performed.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test involves comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the reporting unit's goodwill is considered not to be impaired. however, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded in an amount equal to that excess. any impairment charge recognized is limited to the amount of the respective reporting unit's allocated goodwill.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit under the quantitative goodwill impairment test requires judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including an assessment of external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as actual and planned financial performance. similarly, estimates and assumptions are used when determining the fair values of other indefinite-lived intangible assets. these estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether or not an impairment charge is recognized and the magnitude of any such charge. to assist management in the process of determining any potential goodwill impairment, we may review and consider appraisals from accredited independent valuation firms. estimates of fair value are primarily determined using discounted cash flows, market comparisons, and recent transactions. these approaches involve significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future cash flows (including timing), discount rates reflecting the risks inherent in those future cash flows, perpetual growth rates, and selection of appropriate market comparable metrics and transactions.
we performed our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill assigned to our reporting units using a quantitative approach as of the beginning of the second quarter of fiscal 2024. the estimated fair values of our reporting units were determined with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm using discounted cash flows and market comparisons. based on the results of the quantitative impairment assessment, we concluded that the fair values of our reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values and were not at risk of impairment. no goodwill impairment charges were recorded during any of the fiscal years presented. see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
in evaluating finite-lived intangible assets for recoverability, we use our best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition where probable. if such estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that such asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, as estimated considering external market participant assumptions.
it is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) our businesses do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions, (iii) business conditions or strategies change from our current assumptions, or (iv) the identification of our reporting units change, among other factors. such changes could result in a future impairment charge of goodwill or other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
impairment of other long-lived assets property and equipment and lease-related right-of-use ("rou") assets, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their related carrying values may not be fully recoverable. in evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, we use our best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset (including any potential sublease income for lease-related rou assets) and its eventual disposition, where applicable. if such estimated future undiscounted net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that such asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, as estimated considering external market participant assumptions and discounted cash flows, including those based on estimated market rents for lease-related rou assets. assets to be disposed of and for which there is a committed plan of disposal (commonly referred to as assets held-for-sale) are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair value, less costs to sell.
in determining future cash flows, we take various factors into account, including changes in merchandising strategy, the emphasis on retail store cost controls, the effects of macroeconomic trends such as consumer spending, and the impacts of more experienced retail store managers and increased local advertising. since the determination of future cash flows is an estimate of future performance, future impairments may arise in the event that future cash flows do not meet expectations. for example, unforeseen adverse future economic and market conditions could negatively impact consumer behavior, spending levels, and/or shopping preferences and result in actual results differing from our estimates. additionally, we may review and consider appraisals from accredited independent valuation firms to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, where applicable.
no impairment charges were recorded during fiscal 2024. during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we recorded impairment charges of $9.7 million, and $21.3 million, respectively, to write-down the carrying values of certain long-lived assets based upon their assumed fair values. see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
income taxes in determining our income tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions. if we believe that a tax position is more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, based solely on the technical merits of the position, we recognize the tax benefit. we measure the tax benefit by determining the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement, presuming that the tax position is examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. these assessments can be complex and require significant judgment, and we often obtain assistance from external advisors. to the extent that our estimates change or the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the income tax provision in the period in which such determinations are made. if the initial assessment of a position fails to result in the recognition of a tax benefit, we will recognize the tax benefit if (i) there are changes in tax law or analogous case law that sufficiently raise the likelihood of prevailing on the technical merits of the position to more likely than not; (ii) the statute of limitations expires; or (iii) there is a completion of an audit resulting in a settlement of that tax year with the appropriate agency.
deferred income taxes reflect the tax effect of certain net operating losses, capital losses, general business credit carryforwards, and the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes, as determined under enacted tax laws and rates. valuation allowances are established when management determines that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. tax valuation allowances are analyzed periodically by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, which typically involves the use of significant estimates. such allowances are adjusted as events occur, or circumstances change, that warrant adjustments to those balances.
see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of income taxes.
contingencies we are periodically exposed to various contingencies in the ordinary course of conducting our business, including potential losses relating to certain litigation, alleged information system security breaches, contractual disputes, employee relation matters, various tax or other governmental audits, and trademark and intellectual property matters and disputes. we record a liability for such contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of such loss is reasonably estimable. in addition, if it is considered reasonably possible that an unfavorable settlement of a contingency could exceed any established liability, we disclose the estimated impact on our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, if practicable. management considers many factors in making these assessments. as the ultimate resolution of contingencies is inherently unpredictable, these assessments can involve a series of complex judgments about future events including, but not limited to, court rulings, negotiations between affected parties, and governmental actions. as a result, the accounting for loss contingencies relies heavily on management's judgment in developing the related estimates and assumptions.
stock-based compensation we expense all stock-based compensation awarded to employees and non-employee directors based on the grant date fair value of the awards over the requisite service period, adjusted for forfeitures which are estimated based on an analysis of historical experience and expected future trends.
restricted stock units ("rsus")
we grant service-based rsus to certain of our senior executives and other employees, as well as to our non-employee directors. in addition, we grant rsus with performance-based and market-based vesting conditions to such senior executives and other key employees.
the fair values of our service-based rsu and performance-based rsu awards are measured based on the fair value of our class a common stock on the date of grant, adjusted to reflect the absence of dividends for any awards for which dividend equivalent amounts do not accrue while outstanding and unvested. related compensation expense for performance-based rsus is recognized over the employees' requisite service period, to the extent that our attainment of performance goals (upon which vesting is dependent) is deemed probable, and involves judgment as to expectations surrounding our achievement of certain defined operating performance metrics.
the fair value of our market-based rsu awards, for which vesting is dependent upon total shareholder return ("tsr") of our class a common stock over a three-year performance period relative to that of a pre-established peer group, is measured on the grant date based on estimated projections of our relative tsr over the performance period. these estimates are made using a monte carlo simulation, which models multiple stock price paths of our class a common stock and that of the peer group to evaluate and determine our ultimate expected relative tsr performance ranking. related compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded regardless of whether, and the extent to which, the market condition is ultimately satisfied. see note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
stock options stock options may be granted to employees and non-employee directors with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of our class a common stock on the date of grant. we use the black-scholes option-pricing model to estimate the grant date fair value of stock options, which requires the use of both subjective and objective assumptions. certain key assumptions involve estimating future uncertain events. the key factors influencing the estimation process include the expected term of the option, expected volatility of our stock price, our expected dividend yield, and the risk-free interest rate, among others. generally, once stock option values are determined, accounting practices do not permit them to be changed, even if the estimates used are different from actual results.
no stock options were granted during any of the fiscal years presented. see note 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
sensitivity the assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair values of our stock-based compensation awards represent our best estimates. in addition, projecting the achievement level of certain performance-based awards, as well as estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited, requires judgment. if actual results or forfeitures differ significantly from our estimates and assumptions, or if assumptions used to estimate the grant date fair value of future stock-based award grants are significantly changed, stock-based compensation expense and, therefore, our results of operations could be materially impacted. a hypothetical 10% change in our fiscal 2024 stock-based compensation expense would have affected our net income by approximately $8 million.
recently issued accounting standards see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of certain recently issued accounting standards which have impacted our consolidated financial statements, or may impact our consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods.
