item 1a.    risk factors the risks described below and in other documents we file from time to time with the sec could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. while we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risks affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition in the future. readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized.
economic and strategic risks adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the united states and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we operate all over the world serving customers in more than 120 countries. our business, operations, and business plans and strategies are sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. adverse changes in such conditions in the united states and worldwide have in the past impacted and may in the future reduce the demand for some of our products, adversely impact our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products, and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. changes in inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates, unemployment rates, labor costs, healthcare costs, recessionary conditions, geopolitical conditions, governmental policies, laws and regulations, business disruptions due to cybersecurity incidents, terrorist activity, armed conflicts and wars (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and the israel-hamas war), public health crises, pandemics, outbreaks of disease, catastrophic events, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters (including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise), supply chain disruptions (including those caused by industry capacity constraints, labor shortages, raw material availability, and transportation and logistics delays and constraints), and other economic factors have in the past and could in the future adversely affect demand for some of our products, our ability to predict and meet any future changes in the demand for our products, the availability, delivery or cost of raw materials, our ability to adequately staff and maintain operations at affected facilities and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers. with respect to inflation in particular, high levels of inflation impacted consumer behavior in 2023. we expect inflationary pressure to continue to impact consumer and manufacturing customer behavior during 2024, including in the united states housing market as a result of elevated mortgage rates and in global industrial markets as a result of softer demand. any such shift in consumer and manufacturing customer behavior could adversely affect the demand for some of our products and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
protracted duration of economic downturns in cyclical segments of the economy may depress the demand for some of our products and adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
portions of our business involve the sale of paint, coatings and related products to segments of the economy that are cyclical in nature, particularly segments relating to construction, housing, manufacturing and oil production, refining, storage and transportation. our sales to these segments are affected by the levels of discretionary consumer and business spending in these segments. during economic downturns in these segments, the levels of consumer and business discretionary spending have in the past decreased. a decrease in consumer and business discretionary spending has in the past and could in the future reduce the demand for some of our products and has in the past and could in the future adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
interest rates increased substantially in 2022 and 2023 and may continue to increase. the recent and continued combination of high interest rates and high inflation impacted consumer and manufacturing customer behavior during 2023, which we expect to continue into 2024. rising interest rates and shifts in consumer behavior have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the demand for new residential homes, existing home turnover and new non-residential construction. any worsening in these segments will reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely impact sales, earnings and cash flow.
in the u.s. construction and housing segments, we continue to see project backlogs due to contractors experiencing a shortage of skilled workers, resulting in an adverse effect on the growth rate of demand for our products. while we would typically expect to see higher demand for our products as project backlogs are reduced in the future, inflation and other economic conditions may delay a recovery in demand, which may result in the labor shortage and such other conditions adversely impacting our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
financial risks a weakening of global credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
a weakening of global credit markets has in the past and could in the future adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses, access to capital and our investments, which has in the past and could in the future adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we finance a portion of our sales through trade credit. credit markets remain tight, and some customers who require financing for their businesses have not been able to obtain, and may in the future have difficulty obtaining, necessary financing. a continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility and other financing facilities. if any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, such inability could adversely impact our cash flow, liquidity or financial condition, including our ability to obtain funding for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes.
although we have available credit facilities to fund our current operating needs, we cannot be certain we will be able to replace our existing credit facilities or refinance our existing or future debt when necessary. our cost of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions, but also by our debt and credit ratings assigned by the major credit rating agencies. rating agencies regularly evaluate our business and could downgrade our credit rating based on a number of factors, including factors beyond our control, such as general business or economic conditions. downgrades in these ratings likely would increase our cost of borrowing and could have an adverse effect on our access to the capital markets, including our access to the commercial paper market. an inability to access the capital markets with the same flexibility we have now and on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we have goodwill and intangible assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. we periodically evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate such value may not be recoverable. an impairment assessment involves judgment as to assumptions regarding future sales and cash flow and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. future events, such as the integration or rebranding of trademarks acquired in acquisitions and changing market conditions may impact our assumptions and change our estimates of future sales and cash flow, including our ability to track trademark specific sales and cash flow, resulting in us incurring substantial impairment charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
we hold investments in equity and debt securities in some of our defined benefit pension plans. a decrease in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn may cause a negative pension plan investment performance, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we require a significant amount of cash to service the substantial amount of debt we have outstanding. our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. we also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. if we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness.
at december 31, 2023, we had total debt of approximately $9.851 billion, which is a decrease of $718.8 million since december 31, 2022. we have the ability under our existing credit facilities to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. our ability to make payments on our debt, fund other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general business, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, including supply chain disruptions, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, armed conflicts and wars, changes in raw material and energy supplies, public health crises and pricing and related impacts. we cannot guarantee our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures.
the degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences for shareholders. for example, it could:
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other long-term growth initiatives and general corporate purposes;
•increase our vulnerability to adverse business, economic or industry conditions;
•limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business or general business, economic or industry conditions; or
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt.
additionally, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us.
a significant portion of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent to some extent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt or to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. further, any payment of dividends, loans or advances by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors. even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. finally, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate have in the past and may in the future adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and changing monetary policies could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
because of our international operations, we are exposed to risk associated with interest rates and value changes in foreign currencies, including as a result of inflation, central bank monetary policies, currency controls and other exchange restrictions, which may adversely affect our business. historically, our reported net sales, earnings, cash flow and financial condition have been subjected to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. our primary exchange rate exposure is with the euro, the brazilian real, the mexican peso, the canadian dollar, the chinese yuan, the british pound, and the argentine peso, each against the u.s. dollar. while we actively manage the exposure of our foreign currency risk as part of our overall financial risk management policy, we have in the past and may in the future experience losses from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and currency controls and restrictions, and such losses could adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. currency controls or restrictions may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars, or to remit dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing such controls or restrictions. for example, we experienced a loss of $41.8 million in 2023 as a result of the significant devaluation of the argentine peso in december 2023 as part of economic reforms implemented by the government of argentina, and we may experience similar losses in the future.
operational risks unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy may adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
we purchase raw materials (including petrochemical-derived resins, latex and solvents, titanium dioxide and various additives) and energy for use in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. factors such as political instability, higher tariffs, supply chain disruptions, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters (including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise), armed conflicts and wars, or public health crises have impacted and may in the future disrupt the availability of raw material and fuel supplies, adversely impact our ability to meet customer demands for some of our products or adequately staff and maintain operations at affected facilities, and increase our costs. in addition, environmental and social regulations, including regulations related to climate change or otherwise, have in the past and may in the future negatively impact us or our suppliers in terms of availability and cost of raw materials, as well as sources and supply of energy.
although raw materials and energy supplies (including oil and natural gas) are generally available from various sources in sufficient quantities, unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy, supplier capacity constraints, or any deterioration in our relationships with or the financial viability of our suppliers, may have an adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. although we generally have a number of suppliers, in some cases we have limited or single-sources of supply. we purchase raw materials globally from sources around the world, including in the middle east, central and south america and other areas that may be less politically stable than other areas. wars, armed conflicts, political instability, civil disturbances and unrest, terrorist attacks, and actions by governments in these areas (such as the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and the israel-hamas war and any expansion or increase in the severity and intensity of such) may decrease the supply and increase the price of raw materials that we use for our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales, earnings, cash flow or results of operations. for example, although we do not have significant operations in the region, the israel-hamas war has caused disruption, instability and volatility in supply chains and logistics, including shipping disruptions in the red sea and surrounding waterways.
in the event we experience supply chain disruptions from our suppliers, we may not be able to timely shift to internal production or secure alternate sources in order to prevent significant impacts to our business, or we may experience quality issues with raw materials and energy sourced from alternate sources. if we are unable to offset such disruptions through internal production or alternate sources, we may experience adverse impacts to our business, including adverse effects to our earnings and cash flow.
if the cost of raw materials and energy increases, we may not be able to offset higher costs in a timely manner by sufficiently decreasing our operating costs or raising the prices of our products. following two years of historic inflation, some raw material and energy prices decreased in 2023, particularly resins and solvents derived from petrochemical feedstock sources such as propylene and ethylene. ongoing global supply and demand dynamics drive the cost of raw materials and energy, which could continue to experience periods of volatility in the future and may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow.
catastrophic events, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters (including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise) may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products, impact our ability to meet the demand for our products or cause supply chain disruptions and increased costs, and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow.
our business is seasonal in nature, with the second and third quarters typically generating a higher proportion of sales and earnings than other quarters. from time to time, catastrophic events, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters (including those that may be related to climate change or otherwise) have caused business disruptions and have had an adverse effect on our sales, manufacture and distribution of paint, coatings and related products. our facilities and systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to meet business needs in the event of disruptions. in the event of catastrophic events, adverse weather conditions or a natural disaster cause significant damage to any one or more of our principal manufacturing or distribution facilities, we may not be able to manufacture the products needed to meet customer demand, which could have an adverse effect on our sales of certain paint, coatings and related products.
also from time to time, the impact of these risks to our suppliers has had or may have an adverse effect on our sales, manufacture and distribution of certain of our products. catastrophic events, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters and their impacts have in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in industry-wide supply chain disruptions, increased raw material and other costs, and our hindered ability to manufacture the products needed to fully meet customer demand.
in any of these instances, an adverse effect on sales may cause a reduction in our earnings or cash flow.
although we have an extensive customer base, the loss of any of our largest customers could adversely affect our sales, earnings or cash flow.
we have a large and varied customer base due to our extensive distribution platform. during 2023, no individual customer accounted for sales totaling more than ten percent of our sales. however, we have some customers that, individually, purchase a large amount of products from us. although our broad distribution channels help to minimize the impact of the loss of any one customer or the loss of a significant amount of sales to any one customer, the loss of any of these large customers, or the loss of significant amount of sales to any of these large customers, could have an adverse effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow.
increased competition or failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas of our business may reduce our sales, earnings or cash flow performance.
we face substantial competition from many international, national, regional and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution and sale of our paint, coatings and related products. some of our competitors operate more extensively in certain regions around the world and have greater financial or operational resources to compete internationally. they may secure better terms from certain vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to certain product lines or parts of their business. other competitors are smaller and may be able to offer more specialized products. technology, product quality, product composition, raw material sourcing, product innovation and development (including relating to increased customer interest in the sustainability attributes of products and our related key strategies and initiatives for expanding our product offerings), breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price are key competitive factors for our business. competition in any of these areas, or failure to keep pace with developments in any of these areas, may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and selling our products.
our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations.
we have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and likely will acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy and initiatives. the success of past and future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. in the event we do not successfully integrate such past and future acquisitions into our existing operations so as to realize the expected return on our investment, our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in asia, europe, south america and other foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
net sales of our consolidated foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately 19.2%, 19.4% and 21.2% of our total consolidated net sales in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. sales outside of the united states make up a significant part of our current business and future strategic plans. our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition could be adversely affected by a variety of domestic and international factors, including general economic conditions, political instability, inflation rates, recessions, sanctions, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency exchange controls, interest rates, foreign investment and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil unrest, armed conflicts and wars (including the ongoing conflict between russia and ukraine and the israel-hamas war), difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and other economic and political factors. in addition, public health crises in foreign jurisdictions may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and adversely affect the availability and cost of raw materials. our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
in many foreign countries, it is not uncommon for others to engage in certain business practices we are prohibited from engaging in because of regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act. recent years have seen a substantial increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both u.s. and non-u.s. regulators, and an increase in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. although we have internal control policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these regulations, there can be no assurance our policies and procedures will prevent a violation of these regulations. any violation could cause an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
policy changes affecting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position.
international, national, and regional laws, regulations, and policies that have the effect of restricting global trade and markets and restricting the import and export of products, services and technology, or those of our customers, or for the benefit of favored industries or sectors, could interfere with our operations, supply chain, manufacturing costs and customer relationships and harm our business. due to the global scope of our operations, changes in government policies on foreign trade and investment may affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. expanding export controls or limits on foreign investment, for example, can impact the global supply of raw materials. government actions taken in connection with the united states-china trade conflict could impact business, including sales, imports and exports. our business benefits from free trade agreements, which may include the united states-mexico-canada agreement and eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements, in addition to trends such as protectionism or nationalism, and the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow and that of our customers, vendors and suppliers.
cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems may interfere with our operations, result in the compromise or loss of critical and confidential information and severely harm our business.
we rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, researching and developing new products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers and other vendors. these information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including, but not limited to, production planning, manufacturing, distribution, finance, company operations, research and development, sales and customer service. some of these systems are maintained or operated by third-party providers, including cloud-based systems. cyber attacks and cybersecurity threats are increasingly sophisticated, constantly evolving and originate from many sources globally, and often cannot be recognized or understood until the target has already been attacked. despite our efforts to prevent these threats and disruptions to our information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, power outages, system failures or malware (including but not limited to ransomware and other programs that operate with malicious intent). these risks are expected to continue to be magnified due to the increased reliance on information technology systems to conduct our business, including those used in furtherance of supporting remote and hybrid in-office work environments and managing our global operations. disruptions to these systems may impair our ability to conduct business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. while we maintain cybersecurity insurance, costs related to a cyberattack may exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may be excluded under the terms of the policy.
as part of our business, we collect and handle sensitive and confidential information about our business, customers, employees and suppliers. despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of third parties we rely on or do business with, may be vulnerable to cyber attacks, security breaches, malware (including but not limited to ransomware and other programs that operate with malicious intent), power outages, system failures, acts of vandalism, human or technical errors or other similar events or disruptions. our information, facilities and systems and those hosted or supported by third parties on our behalf could also be impacted by the intentional or unintentional improper conduct of our employees, vendors or others who have access to and may mishandle or misappropriate sensitive and confidential information. any such event involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of information, whether impacting us or third parties we rely on or do business with, could result in losses, damage our reputation or relationships with customers and suppliers, expose us to the risks of litigation, regulatory action and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. we continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems (including through upgrades to our security and information technology systems), providing annual training for all employees (with more enhanced or frequent training based on role or responsibility), assessing the continued appropriateness of relevant insurance coverage and strengthening our controls and procedures to identify, detect, protect against, respond to and mitigate these threats.
we and third parties we rely on or do business with have experienced cybersecurity attacks and incidents in the past, some of which have resulted in unauthorized access to our information and systems and other disruptions to our business operations, and we could in the future experience similar incidents.
the domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and transfer, digital marketing or telemarketing, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to our business, which often require changes to our business practices. compliance with these requirements, including the european union's general data protection regulation, china's personal information protection, data security, and cyber security laws, the california consumer privacy act as amended by the california privacy rights act, a growing number of other u.s. comprehensive state privacy laws, and other international and domestic regulations, are costly and will result in additional costs in our efforts to continue to comply. these laws and regulations can provide for significant penalties for non-compliance, which could result in additional costs of compliance, enforcement actions, regulatory investigations and fines, individual or class action litigation, or reputational harm. ongoing efforts to comply with these laws also may divert management and employee attention from other business and growth initiatives.
our ability to attract, retain, develop and progress a qualified global workforce could adversely impact our business and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers.
our continued success depends in part on our ability to identify, attract and onboard qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, skills and experience and our ability to retain, develop, progress and engage qualified employees across our business, including our stores, fleet, manufacturing, research and development, information technology, corporate and other operations and functions. we continue to face elevated wage rates and intense competition for talent due to the ongoing impacts of a tightened labor market and other macroeconomic conditions. to the extent we are unable to remain competitive with our total rewards programs (which include compensation and benefits programs and practices), talent management strategy, inclusive workplace culture and related inclusion, diversity and equity and employee engagement strategies, initiatives, programs and practices, or if qualified candidates or employees become more difficult to attract or retain under reasonable terms, we may experience higher labor-related costs and may be unable to attract, retain, develop and progress a qualified global workforce, which could adversely affect our business and future success and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers.
we may not achieve our strategies or expectations relating to sustainability considerations, which could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on our business.
we have established strategies and expectations for our business relating to certain sustainability considerations, including regarding reducing greenhouse gas emissions, increasing energy efficiency, increasing use of electricity from renewable energy sources, reducing waste and improving safety performance. these strategies and expectations reflect our current business plans and aspirations, and there is no guarantee that they will be achieved. our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes and assumptions; the pace of scientific and technological developments; increased costs; the availability of requisite suppliers, energy sources, or financing; and changes in carbon markets. failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to these matters could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on our business.
furthermore, many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers, media outlets, and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on sustainability considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human capital, and inclusion and belonging. our business may face increased scrutiny from such stakeholders and if our strategies relating to sustainability considerations do not meet stakeholder expectations and standards (including with respect to establishing science-based targets), which continue to evolve and may differ across jurisdictions in which we operate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be adversely impacted. similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our strategies and expectations; comply with federal, state, or international ethical, environmental, or other standards, regulations, or expectations; adhere to public statements; satisfy reporting standards; or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have adverse operational, reputational, financial, and legal impacts.
our business, reputation, image and brands could be damaged by negative publicity.
our reputation, image and recognized brands significantly contribute to our business and success, as they are critical to retaining and growing our customer base and our relationships with other stakeholders. specifically, our ability to maintain a positive perception of us and our business, including through our seven guiding values of integrity, people, service, quality, performance, innovation, and growth, influences our success. significant negative claims or publicity involving us, our business or our products, services, culture, values, strategies and practices, including postings, articles, or comments on social media and the internet, undermine confidence in our company, and could materially damage our reputation and image, even if such claims or publicity are inaccurate. damage to our reputation and image could adversely impact our ability to attract new and retain existing customers, employees and other business and stakeholder relationships, and could adversely affect the demand for some of our products and adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
inability to protect or enforce our material trademarks and other intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our business.
our competitive position and the value of our products and brands could be reduced and our business adversely affected if we are unable to maintain or adequately protect our intellectual property. we have numerous patents, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names and know-how that are valuable to our business. despite our efforts to protect such intellectual property and other proprietary information from unauthorized use or disclosure, third parties may attempt to disclose, obtain or use our trademarks or such other intellectual property and information without our authorization. we also face attempts, including through cyber attacks and social engineering tactics, to gain unauthorized access to our systems for the purpose of improperly acquiring our trade secrets or confidential business information. the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such incidents could adversely affect the value of our investment in research and development and our business. although we rely on the patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws of the united states and other countries to protect our intellectual property rights, the laws of some countries may not protect such rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, the failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect our intellectual property rights, or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could have an adverse effect on our business.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to a wide variety of complex u.s. and non-u.s. laws, rules and regulations, as well as compliance risks related to new and existing laws and regulations, compliance with which could increase our costs and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we maintain significant operations in the u.s. and outside of the u.s. we are subject to a wide variety of complex u.s. and non-u.s. federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including laws, rules and regulations involving securities, tax, employment and pensions, competition, environmental, export and trade, intellectual property, data privacy and cybersecurity, and improper business practices, such as anti-bribery and corruption. we are affected by new laws and regulations, and changes to existing laws and regulations, including interpretations by courts and regulators. we are also subject to compliance risks related to contract requirements, and risks that any third-party we engage to do work on our behalf might conduct business in a manner that is inconsistent with our code of conduct or with legal requirements. compliance with continuously evolving u.s. and non-u.s. federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and related interpretations applicable to our business, may increase our compliance costs or require significant capital investment, and our results of operations could be adversely impacted if these costs are greater than we have projected. if we are unable to comply with all of the laws, rules, regulations, and interpretations applicable to us, we could become the subject of inquiries, reviews, or investigations by regulators, an adverse outcome of which could lead to enforcement actions, the imposition of fines or costs, require us to suspend operations at certain facilities, the assertion of private litigation claims and damages, or damage to our reputation.
although we believe we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to mitigate these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means compliance risks will continue to exist. we face liability and reputational risks even if we comply with all laws and regulations. investigations, examinations and other proceedings, the nature and outcome of which cannot be predicted, likely will arise from time to time. these investigations, examinations and other proceedings could subject us to significant liability and require us to take significant accruals or pay significant settlements, fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
increases in tax rates, or changes in tax laws or regulations, could increase our costs and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are subject to tax laws and regulations in the u.s. and multiple jurisdictions outside of the u.s. we are affected by changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes in related interpretations and other tax guidance. economic and political conditions in the countries where we are subject to taxes, including in the u.s., have in the past and may in the future result in significant changes to tax laws or regulations. our effective tax rates are affected by changes in our mix of earnings in countries with different tax rates, and changes in laws, regulations and interpretations regarding deferred tax assets and liabilities, among other things. if our effective tax rate were to increase, that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. in addition, the increasingly complex global tax environment has in the past and may in the future result in higher compliance costs. in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to examinations and investigations by various tax authorities and other regulators. in addition to existing examinations and investigations, there could be additional examinations and investigations in the future, and existing examinations and investigations could be expanded.
for non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss contingencies and accrue for such loss contingencies as required by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. subsequent developments may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency. in the event the loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. in those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable a liability has been incurred and cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid. for income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant facts. for those income tax positions where we determine there is not a greater than 50% likelihood such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our financial statements. subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial position for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid.
we discuss risks and uncertainties with regard to taxes in more detail in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
we are required to comply with, and may become subject to additional, numerous complex and increasingly stringent domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental (including related to climate change) laws, regulations and requirements, the cost of which is likely to increase and may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental laws, regulations and requirements, including those related to climate change and chemicals registration and management. these laws, regulations and requirements not only govern our current operations and products, but also may impose potential liability on us for our past operations.
increased global focus on climate change may result in the imposition of new or additional regulations or requirements applicable to, and increased financial and transition risks for, our business and industry. a number of government authorities and agencies have introduced, or are contemplating, regulatory changes to address climate change, including the regulation and disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions. the outcome of new legislation or regulation in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in fees or restrictions on certain activities or materials and new or additional requirements, including to fund energy efficiency activities or renewable energy use and to disclose information regarding our greenhouse gas emissions performance, renewable energy usage and efficiency, waste generation and recycling rates, climate-related risks, opportunities and oversight and related strategies and initiatives across our global operations. compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, additional investments in renewable energy use and other initiatives, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. we may not be able to timely recover the cost of compliance with such new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. despite our efforts to timely comply with climate change initiatives, implement measures to improve our operations and execute on our related strategies and initiatives, any actual or perceived failure to comply with new or additional requirements or meet stakeholder expectations with respect to the impacts of our operations on the environment and related strategies and initiatives may result in adverse publicity, increased litigation risk, and adversely affect our business and reputation, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
we expect health, safety and additional environmental laws, regulations and requirements to be increasingly stringent upon our industry in the future. our costs to comply with these laws, regulations and requirements may increase as they become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently- and formerly-owned sites, as well as a number of third-party sites, for which our ultimate liability may exceed the current amount we have accrued.
we are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently- and formerly-owned sites and a number of third-party sites. we accrue for estimated costs of investigation and remediation activities at these sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. these estimated costs are based on currently available facts regarding each site. we routinely assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available, including as a result of sites progressing through investigation and remediation-related activities, upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated. due to the uncertainties surrounding environmental investigation and remediation activities, our liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued and may have an adverse effect on our earnings. we discuss these risks and uncertainties in more detail in the "environmental-related liabilities" and "environmental matters" sections in item 7 and in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
the nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition.
in the course of our business, we are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, raw materials used in our products, personal injury, environmental (including natural resource damages), intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims that are inherently subject to many uncertainties regarding the possibility of a loss to us. these uncertainties will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur confirming the incurrence of a liability or the reduction of a liability. in accordance with the contingencies topic of the accounting standards codification (asc), we accrue for these contingencies by a charge to income when it is both probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in the event a loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. in those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable that a liability has been incurred or the amount of any such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued.
for example, our past operations included the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. along with other companies, we are and have been a defendant in a number of legal proceedings, including individual personal injury actions, purported class actions and actions brought by various counties, cities, school districts and other government-related entities, arising from the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. the plaintiffs' claims have been based upon various legal theories, including negligence, strict liability, breach of warranty, negligent misrepresentations and omissions, fraudulent misrepresentations and omissions, concert of action, civil conspiracy, violations of unfair trade practice and consumer protection laws, enterprise liability, market share liability, public nuisance, unjust enrichment and other theories. the plaintiffs seek various damages and relief, including personal injury and property damage, costs relating to the detection and abatement of lead-based paint from buildings, costs associated with a public education campaign, medical monitoring costs and others. we have also been a defendant in legal proceedings arising from the manufacture and sale of non-lead-based paints that seek recovery based upon various legal theories, including the failure to adequately warn of potential exposure to lead during surface preparation when using non-lead-based paint on surfaces previously painted with lead-based paint. we are vigorously defending such litigation. we expect additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation may be filed against us in the future asserting similar or different legal theories and seeking similar or different types of damages and relief. the company will continue to vigorously defend against any additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation that may be filed, including utilizing all avenues of appeal, if necessary.
litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties, and we ultimately may not prevail. adverse court rulings, determinations of liability, or third-party funding of litigation, among other factors, could affect litigation against us, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, and encourage an increase in the number and nature of future claims and proceedings. in addition, from time to time, various legislation and administrative regulations have been enacted, promulgated or proposed to impose obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead pigments and lead-based paints respecting asserted health concerns associated with such products or to overturn the effect of court decisions in which we and other manufacturers have been successful. legislation and administrative regulations also may be enacted, promulgated, or proposed to impose obligations for the manufacture or sale of other raw materials that are or were used in paints and coatings.
due to the uncertainties involved, management is unable to predict the outcome of the litigation against us, the number or nature of possible future claims and proceedings, or the effect of any legislation and/or administrative regulations. further, management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to such litigation, or resulting from any such legislation and regulations. except with respect to the california public nuisance litigation, we have not accrued any amounts for such litigation because we do not believe it is probable that a loss has occurred, and we believe it is not possible to estimate the range of potential losses as there is no substantive information upon which an estimate could be based. in addition, any potential liability that may result from any changes to legislation and regulations cannot reasonably be estimated. due to the uncertainties associated with the amount of any such liability and/or the nature of any other remedy which may be imposed in such litigation, any potential liability determined to be attributable to us arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. we discuss the risks and uncertainties related to litigation, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, in more detail in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(dollars in millions, except as noted and per share data)
company background the sherwin-williams company, founded in 1866, and its consolidated wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the company) are engaged in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers primarily in north and south america with additional operations in the caribbean region and throughout europe, asia and australia.
the company is structured into three reportable segments - paint stores group, consumer brands group and performance coatings group (collectively, the reportable segments) - and an administrative segment in the same way it is internally organized for assessing performance and making decisions regarding the allocation of resources. effective january 1, 2023, the company changed its organizational structure to manage and report the latin america architectural paint business within the consumer brands group to more closely align demand and service model trends with its current business strategy. the latin america business was formerly part of the americas group, which has become the paint stores group concurrent with this change. the company will report segment results for the newly realigned paint stores group and consumer brands group for both current and prior periods presented herein. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the company's reportable segments.
summary
•consolidated net sales increased 4.1% in the year to a record $23.052 billion
◦net sales from stores in the paint stores group open more than twelve calendar months increased 6.8% in the year
•diluted net income per share increased 19.8% to $9.25 per share in the year compared to $7.72 per share in the full year 2022
◦adjusted diluted net income per share increased to $10.35 per share in the year compared to $8.73 per share in the full year 2022
•generated net operating cash of $3.522 billion, or 15.3% of net sales, in the year
•adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (adjusted ebitda) increased 17.5% in the year to $4.239 billion or 18.4% of net sales outlook during 2023, we executed on our strategy to provide differentiated solutions to enable our customers to increase their productivity and profitability. net sales grew to a record level, gross margin expanded due to moderating raw material costs and carryover price increases, and net operating cash increased due to record net income and improved working capital management. this performance enabled us to continue to invest in our business through customer-focused innovation, complete the acquisition of sic holding gmbh, reduce short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. we enter 2024 with confidence, energy and a commitment to seize profitable growth opportunities in our targeted end-markets, although uncertainties do remain in the marketplace.
within paint stores group and consumer brands group, we anticipate continued inflationary pressure in 2024 to impact consumer behavior in both the united states and europe, particularly in housing markets. while mortgage rates are expected to remain high compared to recent historical levels, we expect them to moderate and positively impact new and existing residential sales volume. we also remain focused on gaining market share and leveraging our strategic investments to counteract forecasted declines in remodeling spend in 2024. the outlook for the performance coatings group is varied by end market and region with expected resilience in automotive refinish and tailwinds in industrial wood. demand softness is forecasted in general industrial due to negative manufacturing trends in north america, europe and brazil and in packaging due to expected flat-to-down volumes in the food and beverage industry. as it relates to consolidated expenses, while we expect raw material costs to be down by a low-single digit percentage, certain other costs, such as wages, healthcare, energy and transportation are expected to increase. selling, general and administrative expenses are expected to increase moderately in 2024 to support targeted investments, but remain tightly controlled in non-customer facing functions.
our capital deployment strategy remains balanced and consistent. long-term debt maturities due in 2024 are $1.100 billion and are expected to be refinanced at higher interest rates. we have plans to continue to invest in the construction of new facilities, including our new global headquarters in downtown cleveland, ohio and new research and development center in the cleveland suburb of brecksville, and in the expansion of certain existing manufacturing and distribution facilities. we plan to expand our footprint by opening 80 to 100 new stores in the united states and canada in 2024, and pursue acquisitions that align with our long-term growth strategy. we will also return value to our shareholders through the payment of dividends and the reinvestment of excess cash for share repurchases of company stock.
please see item 1a risk factors in part i of this annual report on form 10-k for further information regarding the current and potential impact of macroeconomic conditions on the company, including those relating to supply chain disruptions, raw material availability, foreign currency and inflation.
results of operations the following discussion and analysis addresses comparisons of material changes in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. for comparisons of the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022 filed on february 22, 2023.
net sales year ended december 31,
2023                                                                 2022                  $ change                % change            currency impact                        acquisitions and divestitures impact paint stores group                 $12,839.5                 $11,963.3                  $876.2                     7.3    %            (0.1)           %                                          -              %
consumer brands group                3,365.6                   3,388.4                  (22.8)                   (0.7)    %            (0.4)           %                                      (1.9)              %
performance coatings group           6,843.1                   6,793.5      49.6                                   0.7    %                      0.3   %                                        4.1              %
administrative                           3.7                       3.7                       -                       -    %            -               %                                          -              %
total                              $23,051.9                 $22,148.9                  $903.0                     4.1    %            -               %                                        1.0              %
consolidated net sales for 2023 increased 4.1% primarily due to selling price increases, volume growth due to higher architectural sales volume in the paint stores group and a 1.0% net increase from the impact of acquisitions and divestitures completed during the past twelve months, partially offset by sales volume decreases in the consumer brands and performance coatings groups. net sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries increased 3.1% to $4.428 billion for 2023 versus $4.294 billion for 2022 due primarily to growth in the europe and latin america regions, partially offset by lower net sales in the asia region as a result of the divestiture of the china architectural business. net sales of all operations other than consolidated foreign subsidiaries increased 4.3% to $18.624 billion for 2023 versus $17.855 billion for 2022.
net sales in the paint stores group increased 7.3% primarily due to mid-single digit sales volume growth and selling price increases, which impacted net sales by a low-single digit percentage. net sales from stores in the paint stores group open for more than twelve calendar months increased 6.8% in the year over the prior year comparable period. during 2023, the paint stores group opened 76 new stores and closed 6 locations for a net increase of 70 stores. the total number of stores in operation at december 31, 2023 was 4,694 in the united states, canada and the caribbean region. the paint stores group's objective is to expand its store base by an approximate average of 2% each year, primarily through organic growth. sales of products other than paint increased approximately 5.0% over last year. a discussion of changes in volume versus pricing for sales of products other than paint is not pertinent due to the wide assortment of general merchandise sold.
net sales in the consumer brands group decreased 0.7% in 2023 primarily due to a low-single digit sales volume decrease and a 1.9% decrease from the impact of divestitures, partially offset by selling prices increases, which impacted net sales by a mid-single digit percentage.
net sales in the performance coatings group increased 0.7% in 2023 primarily due to selling price increases, which impacted net sales by a mid-single digit percentage, and a 4.1% increase from the impact of acquisitions completed during the past twelve months, partially offset by a high-single digit sales volume decrease. in 2023, the performance coatings group added 5 net new branches, increasing the total to 322 branches open in the united states, canada, mexico, south america, europe and asia.
net sales in the administrative segment, which primarily consists of external leasing revenue, remained flat in 2023.
income before income taxes the following table presents the components of income before income taxes as a percentage of net sales:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                                                      2022
% of net sales                                                 % of net sales net sales                                                            $23,051.9                     100.0      %                     $22,148.9                     100.0      %
cost of goods sold                                                    12,293.8                      53.3      %                      12,823.8                      57.9      %
gross profit                                                          10,758.1                      46.7      %                       9,325.1                      42.1      %
selling, general, and administrative expenses (sg&amp;a)               7,065.4                      30.6      %                       6,331.6                      28.6      %
other general expense (income) - net                                      67.1                       0.3      %                        (24.9)                     (0.1)      %
impairment                                                                57.9                       0.3      %                          15.5                             0.1%
interest expense                                                         417.5                       1.8      %                         390.8                       1.8      %
interest income                                                         (25.2)                     (0.1)      %                         (8.0)                         -      %
other expense (income) - net                                              65.5                       0.3      %                          47.0                       0.1      %
income before income taxes                                            $3,109.9                      13.5      %                      $2,573.1                      11.6      %
consolidated cost of goods sold decreased $530.0 million, or 4.1%, in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to lower sales volumes in the consumer brands and performance coatings groups and moderating raw material costs, partially offset by higher sales volume in the paint stores group and the impacts of increases in wages and other employee-related expenses. in 2023, certain manufacturing and distribution costs (excluding raw materials) incurred within the consumer brands group were in excess of the company's standard conversion cost estimates established at the beginning of the year. consistent with prior years, these expenses were related to supply chain inefficiencies and remained within the manufacturing and distribution operations of the consumer brands group.
consolidated gross profit increased $1.433 billion, or 15.4%, in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. consolidated gross profit as a percent to consolidated net sales increased to 46.7% in 2023 from 42.1% in 2022. consolidated gross profit dollars increased primarily due to selling price increases in all reportable segments, higher sales volume in the paint stores group and moderating raw material costs, partially offset by lower sales volumes in the consumer brands and performance coatings groups.
the paint stores group's gross profit for 2023 increased $908.6 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to sales volume growth, selling price increases and moderating raw material costs. the paint stores group's gross profit as a percent of net sales increased for these same reasons. the consumer brands group's gross profit increased $139.3 million in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022 due primarily to selling price increases and moderating raw material costs, partially offset by a sales volume decrease and increases in wages and other employee-related expenses in manufacturing and distribution operations. the consumer brands group's gross profit as a percent of net sales increased for these same reasons. the performance coatings group's gross profit increased $402.2 million compared to the same period in 2022 due primarily to higher selling prices, moderating raw material costs and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by lower sales volume and increases in wages and other employee-related expenses. the performance coatings group's gross profit as a percent of net sales increased for these same reasons.
consolidated sg&a increased by $733.8 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to increased employee-related expenses, including incentive-based compensation expense, expenses to support higher sales levels and net new store openings. as a percent of net sales, sg&a increased 200 basis points compared to the same period in 2022 for these same reasons.
the paint stores group's sg&a increased $401.4 million for the year due primarily to higher employee-related expenses, increased spending from new store openings, higher costs to serve customers, increased investments in technologies and costs to support higher sales levels, including the hiring of additional sales representatives. the consumer brands group's sg&a increased $64.5 million for the year primarily due to higher employee-related expenses and increased spending to support higher sales levels in latin america. the performance coatings group's sg&a increased by $139.9 million for the year primarily due to higher employee-related expenses, costs from acquisitions and investments in technology. the administrative segment's sg&a increased $128.0 million primarily due to higher employee-related expenses, including stock-based and other incentive compensation, as well as increased expenses related to technology and systems.
other general expense (income) - net changed by $92.0 million from income of $(24.9) million in 2022 to an expense of $67.1 million in 2023. the change was primarily attributable to an increase in provisions for environmental matters - net due to new information which impacted the estimate of required remediation at certain major sites and other company locations. in addition, the company incurred a modest loss on the sale or disposition of assets versus a gain in the prior year. these decreases were offset by a gain on the sale of a non-core domestic aerosol business in 2023. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
for information on impairment considerations, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
interest expense increased $26.7 million in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to higher interest rates, partially offset by a decrease in outstanding debt. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the company's outstanding debt.
other expense (income) - net increased $18.5 million in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to the significant devaluation of the argentine peso in december 2023 as part of economic reforms implemented by the government of argentina. as a result of these actions in argentina, the company incurred a loss of $41.8 million. in addition, the company incurred a loss on the extinguishment of its debentures due 2027 and 2097 of $12.8 million. these increases were partially offset by gains on investments held in the administrative segment and miscellaneous pension and benefit income. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to other expense (income) - net.
the following table presents income before income taxes by segment and as a percentage of net sales by segment:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                        2022                     $ change                     % change income before income taxes:
paint stores group                                           $2,860.8                   $2,348.1                  $512.7                         21.8    %
consumer brands group                                           309.3                      314.2                   (4.9)                        (1.6)    %
performance coatings group                                      991.6                      734.9                   256.7                         34.9    %
administrative                                              (1,051.8)                    (824.1)                 (227.7)                       (27.6)    %
total                                                        $3,109.9                   $2,573.1                  $536.8                         20.9    %
income before income taxes as a % of net sales:
paint stores group                                         22.3     %                  19.6    %
consumer brands group                                       9.2     %                   9.3    %
performance coatings group                                 14.5     %                  10.8    %
administrative                                                     nm                         nm total                                                      13.5     %                  11.6    %
nm - not meaningful income tax expense the effective income tax rate for 2023 was 23.2% compared to 21.5% in 2022. the increase in the effective rate was primarily due to an unfavorable change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
net income per share diluted net income per share for 2023 increased to $9.25 per share from $7.72 per share in 2022. diluted net income per share in 2023 included acquisition-related amortization expense of $0.78 per share, severance and other expense of $0.04 per share, expenses related to the divestiture of the china architectural business of $0.11 per share, impairment related to trademarks of $0.07 per share and expense related to the devaluation of the argentine peso of $0.16 per share. these expenses were partially offset by a gain on the divestiture of a non-core domestic aerosol business of $0.06 per share. currency translation rate changes increased diluted net income per share in the year by $0.05 per share. diluted net income per share in 2022 included acquisition-related amortization expense of $0.81 per share, severance and other expense of $0.15 per share and impairment related to the restructuring plan of $0.05 per share. refer to notes 3, 4, 7 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
financial condition, liquidity and cash flow overview the company's financial condition, liquidity and cash flow continued to be strong in 2023. the company generated $3.522 billion in net operating cash, primarily due to higher net income and improved working capital management. this strong cash generation enabled the company to invest $1.011 billion in capital expenditures and approximately $265 million in the acquisition of sic holding, reduce short-term borrowings and long-term debt by $718.8 million and return $2.056 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases during the year.
during 2023, the company generated ebitda of $4.150 billion and adjusted ebitda of $4.239 billion. see the non-gaap financial measures section for the definitions and calculations of ebitda and adjusted ebitda. as of december 31, 2023, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $276.8 million and total debt outstanding of $9.851 billion. total debt, net of cash and cash equivalents, was $9.574 billion and was 2.3 times the company's adjusted ebitda in 2023.
net working capital net working capital, defined as total current assets less total current liabilities, decreased $1.061 billion to a deficit of $1.114 billion at december 31, 2023 from a deficit of $53.0 million at december 31, 2022. the net working capital decrease was primarily due to an increase in the current portion of long-term debt and a decrease in current assets, particularly inventories, partially offset by a decrease in short-term borrowings.
comparing current asset balances at december 31, 2023 to december 31, 2022, accounts receivable decreased $95.7 million, inventories decreased $296.7 million due to lower inventory levels and moderating raw material costs and other current assets decreased $80.4 million, primarily related to prepaid expenses and refundable income taxes. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in cash and cash equivalents of $78.0 million.
current liability balances increased $666.2 million at december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022 primarily due an increase in the current portion of long-term debt of $1.098 billion, an increase in other accruals of $191.2 million, primarily related to liabilities from contracts with customers, environmental-related liabilities and miscellaneous other current liabilities, and an increase in compensation and taxes withheld of $78.2 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in short-term borrowings of $603.9 million and accounts payable of $121.5 million.
as a result of the net effect of these changes, the company's current ratio decreased to 0.83 at december 31, 2023 from 0.99 at december 31, 2022. accounts receivable as a percent of net sales decreased to 10.7% in 2023 from 11.6% in 2022. accounts receivable days outstanding was 58 days in 2023 and 2022. in 2023, provisions for the allowance for current expected credit losses increased $3.0 million, or 5.3%. inventories as a percent of net sales decreased to 10.1% in 2023 from 11.9% in 2022. inventory days outstanding was 94 days in 2023 compared to 98 days in 2022. the company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs.
property, plant and equipment net property, plant and equipment increased $629.8 million to $2.837 billion at december 31, 2023 due primarily to capital expenditures of $1.011 billion, partially offset by depreciation expense of $292.3 million, sale or disposition of assets with remaining net book value of $88.0 million, and currency translation and other adjustments of $(0.5) million. during 2023, the company closed on a transaction to sell and subsequently lease back its current headquarters and research and development center. in connection with the sale, proceeds of $47.2 million were received and an immaterial gain was recognized.
capital expenditures during 2023 in the paint stores group were primarily attributable to the opening of new paint stores and renovations and improvements in existing stores. in the consumer brands group and the performance coatings group, capital expenditures during 2023 were primarily related to ongoing environmental compliance measures, manufacturing capacity expansion, operational efficiencies and maintenance projects at sites currently in operation. the administrative segment incurred capital expenditures primarily related to construction activities associated with the new headquarters and research and development center. construction of the new headquarters and research and development center is expected to be completed in 2024 at the earliest.
in 2024, the company expects to spend approximately the same as 2023 for capital expenditures, which it will fund primarily through the generation of operating cash. core capital expenditures are targeted to be less than 2% of net sales in 2024 and are expected to be for investments in various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution and research and development facilities and new store openings. additionally, the company will continue to construct its new headquarters and research and development center. refer to the real estate financing section herein for further information on the financing transaction for the new headquarters.
real estate financing in december 2022, the company closed a transaction to sell and subsequently lease back its partially-constructed new headquarters. as part of the terms of the transaction, the company is contractually obligated for completing the construction of the building and related improvements at the new headquarters. this transaction did not meet the criteria for recognition as an asset sale under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (us gaap) and as such, was accounted for as a real estate financing transaction. the company expects to receive proceeds approximating $800 million to $850 million on an incremental basis until the completion of construction. the initial lease term includes the construction period and extends for 30 years thereafter, and the company has the right and option to extend the lease term. the lease payment amounts during the construction period are dependent upon the timing and amount of total reimbursement of construction and other costs received by the company. lease payments over the next twelve months, which is the remaining estimated construction period, are expected to be approximately $40 million. the amount of the lease payments during the initial 30 year lease term will be calculated upon completion of the construction period and receipt of total reimbursement of construction and other costs. once determinable, this is expected to result in a significant increase in the company's long-term contractual obligations.
in 2023 and 2022, the company received $305.0 million and $210.0 million, respectively, pursuant to the transaction. the net proceeds from this transaction and other real estate financing transactions are recognized as proceeds from real estate financing transactions within the financing activities section of the statements of consolidated cash flows. the corresponding financing obligation for the new headquarters was $515.8 million and $207.0 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. the short-term portion of the liability recorded in other accruals was $39.9 million and $20.0 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. during 2023, $23.8 million of interest was capitalized with the long-term portion of the liability in other long-term liabilities. the company will continue to recognize the related assets within property, plant and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets under us gaap. these assets will be subject to depreciation over their useful lives in accordance with the company's accounting policies. the company will also allocate payments between interest and repayment of the financing liability over the life of the agreement.
refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements within item 8 for further information.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill, which represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations, increased $42.8 million in 2023, primarily due to foreign currency translation rate fluctuations and purchase accounting allocations of $8.3 million.
intangible assets decreased $121.5 million in 2023 primarily due to amortization of finite-lived intangible assets of $325.0 million, dispositions of $83.4 million and trademark impairment charges of $30.9 million, partially offset by purchase accounting allocations of $306.7 million and foreign currency translation rate fluctuations.
see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a description of goodwill, identifiable intangible assets and asset impairments and summaries of the remaining carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets.
other assets other assets increased $183.5 million to $1.211 billion at december 31, 2023. the increase was primarily due to an increase in non-traded investments and other assets related to contracts with customers and deposits. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
debt (including short-term borrowings)
december 31,                     december 31,
2023                                                                         2022
long-term debt                   $9,476.7                         $9,591.6
short-term borrowings               374.2                            978.1
total debt outstanding           $9,850.9                        $10,569.7
total debt outstanding, including short-term borrowings, decreased by $718.8 million to $9.851 billion in 2023. short-term borrowings are primarily comprised of amounts outstanding under the company's domestic commercial paper program and various foreign credit facilities. the company's long-term debt primarily consists of senior notes. the company targets net debt, which is total debt outstanding, net of cash and cash equivalents, to be 2.0 to 2.5 times ebitda. at december 31, 2023, net debt was $9.574 billion and was 2.3 times the company's ebitda in 2023. see the non-gaap financial measures section for the definition and calculation of ebitda.
in december 2023, the company exercised its call provision to make-whole the entire outstanding $119.4 million aggregate principal amount of its 7.375% debentures due 2027 and the entire outstanding $3.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 7.45% debentures due 2097. the retirement of the debentures resulted in a loss of $12.8 million recorded in other general expense (income) - net. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
the company's available capacity under its committed credit agreements is reduced for amounts outstanding under its domestic commercial paper program and letters of credit. at december 31, 2023, the company had unused capacity under its various credit agreements of $3.332 billion.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a detailed description and summary of the company's outstanding debt, short-term borrowings and other available financing programs.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans in accordance with the accounting prescribed by the retirement benefits topic of the asc, the company's total liability for unfunded or underfunded defined benefit pension plans increased $10.5 million to $69.0 million primarily due to changes in actuarial assumptions. the company's liability for other postretirement benefits decreased $6.6 million to $147.2 million at december 31, 2023 due primarily to changes in the actuarial assumptions.
the assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for the domestic defined benefit pension plan decreased to 5.1% at december 31, 2023 from 5.3% at december 31, 2022. the assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for foreign defined benefit pension plans decreased to 4.8% at december 31, 2023 from 5.1% at december 31, 2022. the assumed discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation for other postretirement benefit obligations decreased to 5.0% at december 31, 2023 from 5.2% at december 31, 2022. the decrease in the discount rates was primarily due to lower interest rates.
in deciding on the rates of compensation increases, management considered historical company increases as well as expectations for future increases. the rate of compensation increases used to determine the projected benefit obligation at december 31, 2023 was 3.0% for the domestic pension plan and 3.3% for foreign pension plans, which was comparable to the rates used in the prior year.
in establishing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, management considered the historical rates of return, the nature of investments and an expectation for future investment strategies. the expected long-term rate of return on assets for the domestic defined benefit pension plan was 6.3% at december 31, 2023 and 2022. the expected long-term rate of return on assets for the foreign defined benefit pension plans decreased to 4.8% at december 31, 2023 from 5.5% at december 31, 2022.
in developing the assumed health care cost trend rates, management considered industry data, historical company experience and expectations for future health care costs. the assumed health care cost trend rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation for other postretirement benefit obligations at december 31, 2023 were 6.0% and 9.0% for medical and prescription drug cost increases, respectively, both decreasing gradually to 4.5% in 2032. the assumed health care cost trend rates for medical and prescription costs used to determine the projected benefit obligation for other postretirement benefit obligations at december 31, 2022 were 5.5% and 8.3%, respectively.
the respective year-end assumptions described above for the company's defined benefit plans are also used to determine expense for the next year. net pension cost in 2024 for the domestic pension plan and foreign pension plans is expected to be approximately $1.8 million and $4.4 million, respectively. net periodic benefit credit for other postretirement benefits in 2024 is expected to be approximately $17.0 million. the credit for 2024 is primarily due to amortization of the impact of a plan amendment executed in 2022. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on the company's obligations and funded status of its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits.
deferred income taxes deferred income taxes at december 31, 2023 increased $1.5 million from the prior year primarily due to an increase in deferred tax liabilities from acquired intangible assets, partially offset by the amortization of intangible assets in the current year. see notes 3 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on deferred taxes.
other long-term liabilities other long-term liabilities increased $301.6 million during 2023 due primarily to liabilities associated with real estate financing transactions and an increase in long-term commitments related to investments in u.s. affordable housing and historic renovation real estate partnerships, partially offset by the impact of expected settlements related to tax positions over the next twelve months as disclosed in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
environmental matters the operations of the company, like those of other companies in the same industry, are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations not only govern current operations and products, but also impose potential liability on the company for past operations. management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the company and the industry in the future. management believes that the company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance.
during 2023, environmental-related liabilities increased $28.5 million to $318.9 million at december 31, 2023 primarily due to new information which impacted the estimate of required remediation at certain major sites and other company locations. depreciation of capital expenditures and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were included in the normal operating expenses of conducting business. the company's capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were not material to the company's financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations during 2023. management does not expect that such capital expenditures, depreciation and other expenses will be material to the company's financial condition, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations in 2024. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information on environmental-related liabilities.
contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments the company has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments. the company believes that cash generated from operating activities and borrowings available under long-term and short-term debt, including its committed credit agreements and commercial paper program, will be sufficient for it to meet its contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments. the following tables summarize such obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2023.
payments due by period contractual and other obligations                                  total                       less than                       1-3 years                       3-5 years                       more than
1 year                                                                                         5 years long-term debt                                              $9,550.8                      $1,100.2                        $1,400.6                        $1,500.0                        $5,550.0
interest on long-term debt                                   4,212.3                         332.2                           550.1                           416.8                         2,913.2
operating leases                                             2,189.5                         513.5                           816.6                           475.5                           383.9
short-term borrowings                                          374.2                         374.2
real estate financing transactions (1)                         163.4                          15.5                            31.0                            32.7                            84.2
purchase obligations (2)                                       427.1                         427.1
other contractual obligations (3)                              747.5                         162.7                           163.8                           143.4                           277.6
total contractual cash obligations                         $17,664.8                      $2,925.4                        $2,962.1                        $2,568.4                        $9,208.9
(1)excludes real estate financing transactions related to the new headquarters. refer to "real estate financing" section herein for further information.
(2)relates to open purchase orders for raw materials at december 31, 2023.
(3)relates primarily to estimated future capital contributions for investments in the u.s. affordable housing and historic renovation real estate partnerships and various other contractual obligations.
amount of commitment expiration per period commercial commitments                                  total                     less than               1-3 years                     3-5 years                     more than
1 year                                                                           5 years standby letters of credit                          $146.2                      $146.2
surety bonds                        230.4                       230.4
total commercial commitments                       $376.6                      $376.6                     $-                            $-                            $-
warranties the company offers product warranties for certain products. the specific terms and conditions of such warranties vary depending on the product or customer contract requirements. management estimated the costs of unsettled product warranty claims based on historical results and experience and included an amount in other accruals. management periodically assesses the adequacy of the accrual for product warranty claims and adjusts the accrual as necessary. changes in the company's accrual for product warranty claims during 2023 and 2022, including customer satisfaction settlements during the year, were as follows:
2023                                                          2022
balance at january 1              $36.2                   $35.2
charges to expense                 37.0                    30.1
settlements                      (32.8)                  (29.1)
balance at december 31            $40.4                   $36.2
shareholders' equity shareholders' equity increased $613.7 million to $3.716 billion at december 31, 2023 from $3.102 billion last year. the increase was primarily attributable to the generation of $2.389 billion of net income and benefits from stock option exercises and the recognition of stock-based compensation expense of $203.9 million. this was partially offset by the repurchase of $1.432 billion in treasury stock and the payment of $623.7 million in cash dividends. see the statements of consolidated shareholders' equity and statements of consolidated comprehensive income in item 8 for additional information.
the company purchased 5.6 million shares of its common stock for treasury purposes through open market purchases during 2023. the company acquires its common stock for general corporate purposes, and depending on its cash position and market conditions, it may acquire shares in the future. the company had remaining authorization from its board of directors at december 31, 2023 to purchase 39.6 million shares of its common stock.
the company's 2023 annual cash dividend of $2.42 per share represented 31% of 2022 diluted net income per share. the 2023 annual dividend represented the 45th consecutive year of increased dividend payments. on february 14, 2024, the board of directors increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.715 per share. this quarterly dividend, if approved in each of the remaining quarters of 2024, would result in an annual dividend for 2024 of $2.86 per share, or a 31% payout of 2023 diluted net income per share.
cash flow net operating cash increased $1.602 billion in 2023 to a cash source of $3.522 billion from a cash source of $1.920 billion in 2022 due primarily to improved working capital management and higher net income. net operating cash increased as a percent to net sales to 15.3% in 2023 compared to 8.7% in 2022.
net investing cash usage decreased $568.3 million to a usage of $1.039 billion in 2023 from a usage of $1.608 billion in 2022 due primarily to lower cash used for acquisitions, proceeds from the divestiture of businesses and an increase in proceeds from the sale of assets, partially offset by increased cash used for capital expenditures. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on acquisitions and divestitures.
net financing cash usage increased $2.142 billion to a usage of $2.425 billion in 2023 from a usage of $282.4 million in 2022. this increase was due primarily to proceeds from long-term debt in 2022 which did not occur in 2023, a net decrease in short-term borrowings and an increase in treasury stock purchases, partially offset by lower payments of long-term debt and higher proceeds from real estate financing transactions.
litigation see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning litigation.
market risk the company is exposed to market risk associated with interest rate, foreign currency and commodity fluctuations. the company occasionally utilizes derivative instruments as part of its overall financial risk management policy, but does not use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. in 2023 and 2022, the company entered into foreign currency forward contracts with maturity dates of less than twelve months primarily to hedge against value changes in foreign currency and cross currency swap contracts to hedge its net investment in european operations. see notes 1, 17 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to the company's use of derivative instruments.
the company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. however, the company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. see notes 1 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information related to foreign currency translation.
financial covenant certain borrowings contain a consolidated leverage covenant. the covenant states the company's consolidated leverage ratio is not to exceed 3.75 to 1.00; however, the company may elect to temporarily increase the leverage ratio to 4.25 to 1.00 for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters immediately following the consummation of a qualifying acquisition, as defined in the credit agreement dated august 30, 2022. the leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of total indebtedness (the sum of short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt) at the reporting date to consolidated "earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization" (ebitda), as defined in the credit agreement, for the 12-month period ended on the same date. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section for a reconciliation of ebitda to net income. at december 31, 2023, the company was in compliance with the covenant and expects to remain in compliance. the company's notes, debentures and revolving credit agreements contain various default and cross-default provisions. in the event of default under any one of these arrangements, acceleration of the maturity of any one or more of these borrowings may result. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information.
defined contribution savings plan participants in the company's defined contribution savings plan are allowed to contribute up to the lesser of fifty percent of their annual compensation or the maximum dollar amount allowed under the internal revenue code. the company matches one hundred percent of all contributions up to six percent of eligible employee contributions. the company's matching contributions to the defined contribution savings plan charged to operations were $153.9 million in 2023 compared to $140.0 million in 2022. at december 31, 2023, there were 18,680,108 shares of the company's common stock being held by the defined contribution savings plan, representing 7.3% of the total number of voting shares outstanding. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information concerning the company's defined contribution savings plan.
non-gaap financial measures management utilizes certain financial measures that are not in accordance with us gaap to analyze and manage the performance of the business. the required disclosures for these non-gaap measures are shown below. the company provides such non-gaap information in reporting its financial results to give investors additional data to evaluate the company's operations. management does not, nor does it suggest investors should, consider such non-gaap measures in isolation from, or in substitution for, financial information prepared in accordance with us gaap.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net income before income taxes, interest expense, depreciation and amortization. adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure defined as ebitda that excludes certain adjustments that management believes enhances investors' understanding of the company's operating performance. management considers ebitda and adjusted ebitda useful in understanding the operating performance of the company. the reader is cautioned that the company's ebitda and adjusted ebitda should not be compared to other entities unknowingly. further, ebitda and adjusted ebitda should not be considered alternatives to net income or net operating cash as an indicator of operating performance or as a measure of liquidity. the reader should refer to the determination of net income and net operating cash in accordance with us gaap disclosed in the statements of consolidated income and statements of condensed consolidated cash flows in item 8.
the following table summarizes ebitda and adjusted ebitda as calculated by management for the years indicated below:
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                   2022
net income                                                  $2,388.8                          $2,020.1
interest expense                                               417.5                             390.8
income taxes                                                   721.1                             553.0
depreciation                                                   292.3                             264.0
amortization                                                   330.2                             317.1
ebitda                                                       4,149.9                           3,545.0
restructuring expense                                            9.6                              47.3
impairment related to restructuring plan                        34.0                              15.5
gain on divestiture of domestic aerosol business              (20.1)                                 -
impairment related to trademarks                                23.9                                 -
devaluation of the argentine peso                               41.8                                 -
adjusted ebitda                                             $4,239.1                          $3,607.8
free cash flow free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net operating cash, as shown in the statements of consolidated cash flows, less the amount reinvested in the business for capital expenditures and the return on investment to its shareholders by the payments of cash dividends. management considers free cash flow to be a useful tool in its determination of appropriate uses of the company's net operating cash. the reader is cautioned that the free cash flow measure should not be compared to other entities unknowingly as it may not be comparable and it does not consider certain non-discretionary cash flows, such as mandatory debt and interest payments. the amount shown below should not be considered an alternative to net operating cash or other cash flow amounts provided in accordance with us gaap as disclosed in the statements of consolidated cash flows in item 8.
the following table summarizes free cash flow as calculated by management for the years indicated below:
year ended december 31,
2023                                          2022
net operating cash            $3,521.9                          $1,919.9
capital expenditures           (888.4)                           (644.5)
cash dividends                 (623.7)                           (618.5)
free cash flow                $2,009.8                            $656.9
adjusted diluted net income per share management of the company believes that investors' understanding of the company's operating performance is enhanced by the disclosure of diluted net income per share excluding valspar acquisition-related amortization expense and certain other adjustments. this adjusted earnings per share measurement is not in accordance with us gaap. it should not be considered a substitute for earnings per share in accordance with us gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
the following tables reconcile diluted net income per share computed in accordance with us gaap to adjusted diluted net income per share.
year ended december 31, 2023
pre-tax                    tax                           after-tax effect (1)
diluted net income per share                                                                                                  $9.25
items related to restructuring plan:
severance and other                                                  $.06                       $.02              .04
impairment of assets related to china divestiture                    .13            .08                           .05
gain on divestiture of domestic aerosol business                     (.08)                      (.02)                         (.06)
discrete income tax expense related to china divestiture (1)         -                          (.06)             .06
total                                                                .11            .02                           .09
impairment related to trademarks                                     .09            .02                           .07
devaluation of the argentine peso                                    .16                        -                 .16
acquisition-related amortization expense (2)                         1.03           .25                           .78
adjusted diluted net income per share                                                                                         $10.35
year ended december 31, 2022
pre-tax                    tax                           after-tax effect (1)
diluted net income per share                                                                                $7.72
items related to restructuring plan:
severance and other                                $.18                       $.03              .15
impairment                                         .06            .01                           .05
total                                              .24            .04                           .20
acquisition-related amortization expense (2)       1.06           .25                           .81
adjusted diluted net income per share                                                                       $8.73
(1)    the tax effect is calculated based on the statutory rate and the nature of the item, unless otherwise noted.
(2)    acquisition-related amortization expense consists of the amortization of intangible assets related to the valspar acquisition and is included within selling, general and administrative expenses.
adjusted segment profit management of the company believes that investors' understanding of the company's operating performance is enhanced by the disclosure of segment profit excluding valspar acquisition-related amortization expense and certain other adjustments. this adjusted segment profit measurement is not in accordance with us gaap. it should not be considered a substitute for segment profit in accordance with us gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the following tables reconcile segment profit computed in accordance with us gaap to adjusted segment profit.
year ended december 31, 2023
paint stores group                     consumer brands                   performance coatings                     administrative                         total group                                  group net sales                                                      $12,839.5                             $3,365.6                              $6,843.1                                 $3.7                        $23,051.9
income before income taxes                                      $2,860.8                               $309.3                                $991.6                           $(1,051.8)                         $3,109.9
as a % of net sales                                                 22.3        %                         9.2       %                          14.5        %                                                         13.5   %
items related to restructuring plan:
severance and other                                                                                      14.2                                 (0.2)                                  1.3                             15.3
impairment of assets related to                                                                           6.9                                                                       27.1                             34.0
china divestiture gain on divestiture of domestic aerosol business                                                                                                                                  (20.1)                           (20.1)
total                                                                  -                                 21.1                                 (0.2)                                  8.3                             29.2
impairment related to trademarks                                                                         23.9                                                                                                        23.9
devaluation of the argentine peso                                                                        30.8                                  11.0                                                                  41.8
acquisition-related amortization expense (1)                                                             69.3                                 196.8                                                                 266.1
adjusted segment profit                                         $2,860.8                               $454.4                              $1,199.2                           $(1,043.5)                         $3,470.9
as a % of net sales                                                 22.3        %                        13.5       %                          17.5        %                                                         15.1   %
year ended december 31, 2022
paint stores group                     consumer brands                   performance coatings               administrative                             total group                                  group net sales                                                $11,963.3                             $3,388.4                              $6,793.5                        $3.7                               $22,148.9
income before income taxes                                $2,348.1                               $314.2                                $734.9                        $(824.1)                            $2,573.1
as a % of net sales                                           19.6        %                         9.3       %                          10.8        %                                                       11.6   %
items related to restructuring plan:
severance and other                                                                                25.6                                  22.2                                                                47.8
impairment                                                                                         15.5                                                                                                      15.5
total                                                            -                                 41.1                                  22.2                        -                                       63.3
acquisition-related amortization expense (1)                                                       76.2                                 200.1                                                               276.3
adjusted segment profit                                   $2,348.1                               $431.5                                $957.2                        $(824.1)                            $2,912.7
as a % of net sales                                           19.6        %                        12.7       %                          14.1        %                                                       13.2   %
(1)    acquisition-related amortization expense consists of the amortization of intangible assets related to the valspar acquisition and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with us gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. these determinations were made based upon management's best estimates, judgments and assumptions that were believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, giving due consideration to materiality. we do not believe there is a great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions related to the critical accounting policies and estimates described below. however, application of these critical accounting policies and estimates involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.
all of the significant accounting policies that were followed in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. management believes that the following critical accounting policies and estimates have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost determined principally on the last-in, first-out (lifo) method based on inventory quantities and costs determined during the fourth quarter. inventory quantities are adjusted throughout the year as formal cycle counts are completed, or during the fourth quarter as a result of annual physical inventory counts. if inventories accounted for on the lifo method are reduced on a year-over-year basis, then liquidation of certain quantities carried at costs prevailing in prior years occurs. management records the best estimate of net realizable value for obsolete and discontinued inventories based on historical experience and current trends through reductions to inventory cost by recording a provision included in cost of goods sold. if management estimates that the reasonable market value is below cost or determines that future demand was lower than current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value is provided for in the reserve for obsolescence. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for more information regarding the impact of the lifo inventory valuation and the reserve for obsolescence.
goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc, management performs impairment tests of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis, as well as whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate impairment has occurred on a more likely than not basis. an optional qualitative assessment allows companies to forego the annual quantitative test if it is not more likely than not that impairment has occurred based on monitoring key company financial performance metrics and macroeconomic conditions. the qualitative assessment is performed when deemed appropriate.
in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc, management tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. per the segment reporting topic of the asc, a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below the operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of component levels of an operating segment having similar economic characteristics. at the time of goodwill impairment testing (if performing a quantitative assessment), management determines fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. if the calculated fair value is less than the current carrying value, the difference represents the amount of impairment attributable to the reporting unit. the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common practice in impairment testing. the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing include a discount rate, growth rates, cash flow projections and a terminal value rate. discount rates are set by using the weighted average cost of capital (wacc) methodology. the wacc methodology considers market and industry data as well as company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rate to be used. the discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and a low long-term growth rate. as an indicator that each reporting unit has been valued appropriately through the use of the discounted cash flow valuation model, the aggregate of all reporting units' fair value is reconciled to the total market capitalization of the company within a reasonable and supportable control premium.
the company had seven components, some of which are aggregated due to similar economic characteristics, to form three reporting units (also the operating segments) with goodwill as of october 1, 2023, the date of the annual impairment test. the company performed the optional qualitative impairment test as of october 1, 2023, and determined that there was no indication of impairment on a more likely than not basis in the company's three reporting units.
in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc, management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset valuations at acquisition. management utilizes the royalty savings method to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset or trademark. in this method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from the ownership of the intangible asset. the key assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include a discount rate, a royalty rate, growth rates, sales projections, a terminal value rate and, to a lesser extent, a tax rate. the discount rate used is similar to the rate developed by the wacc methodology considering any differences in company-specific risk factors between reporting units and trademarks. the royalty rate is established by management and valuation experts and periodically substantiated by valuation experts. operational management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections for each significant trademark. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and a low long-term growth rate. the royalty savings valuation methodology and calculations used in 2023 impairment testing are consistent with prior years. the annual impairment review performed as of october 1, 2023 resulted in trademark impairment of $23.9 million in the consumer brands group primarily related to a trademark in europe. no other impairments or risks for impairment were identified as a result of this review.
the discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation methodologies require management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed from the perspective of a market participant. actual results could differ from these assumptions. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of goodwill and intangible assets and the impairment tests performed in accordance with the goodwill and other intangibles topic of the asc.
valuation of long-lived assets in accordance with the property, plant and equipment topic of the asc, if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets, including operating lease right-of-use assets, may not be recoverable or the useful life has changed, impairment tests are performed or the useful life is adjusted. undiscounted cash flows are used to calculate the recoverable value of long-lived assets to determine if such assets are recoverable. if the carrying value of the assets is deemed to not be recoverable, the impairment to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets as determined in accordance with the fair value topic of the asc. if the usefulness of an asset is determined to be impaired, an updated useful life is assessed based on the period of time for projected use of the asset. fair value approaches and changes in useful life are based on certain assumptions and information available at the time the valuation or determination is performed. actual results could differ from these assumptions. management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value or useful life considering the current economic conditions. as of october 1, 2023, the company performed an analysis and determined that there were no events or changes in circumstances to suggest the carrying value of each long-lived asset group is not recoverable and therefore, no further impairment tests were performed. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a discussion of the reductions in carrying value or useful life of long-lived assets in accordance with the property, plant and equipment topic of the asc.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans to determine the company's ultimate obligation under its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans, management estimates the future cost of benefits and attributes that cost to the time period during which each covered employee works. to determine the obligations of the benefit plans, management uses actuaries to calculate such amounts using key assumptions which include discount rates, inflation rates, long-term investment returns, mortality, employee turnover, rate of compensation increases and medical and prescription drug costs. management reviews all of these assumptions on an ongoing basis to ensure that the most current information available is considered. an increase or decrease in the assumptions or economic events outside management's control could have a direct impact on the company's results of operations or financial condition.
in accordance with the retirement benefits topic of the asc, the company recognizes each plan's funded status as an asset for overfunded plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded plans. actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs are recognized and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci). the amounts recorded in aoci will continue to be modified as actuarial assumptions and service costs change, and all such amounts will be amortized to expense over a period of years through the net pension and net periodic benefit costs. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning the company's defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
environmental matters the company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites (including sites which were previously owned and/or operated by businesses acquired by the company). the company initially provides for estimated costs of environmental-related activities relating to its past operations and third-party sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. these estimated costs, which are mostly undiscounted, are determined based on currently available facts regarding each site. if the reasonably estimable costs can only be identified as a range and no specific amount within that range can be determined more likely than any other amount within the range, the minimum of the range is provided.
the company routinely assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. actual costs incurred may vary from the accrued estimates due to the inherent uncertainties involved. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning the accrual for extended environmental-related activities and a discussion concerning unaccrued future loss contingencies.
litigation and other contingent liabilities in the course of its business, the company is subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims. management accrues for all known liabilities that existed and those where a loss was deemed probable for which a fair value was available or an amount could be reasonably estimated in accordance with us gaap. however, because litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties and the ultimate result of any present or future litigation is unpredictable, the company's ultimate liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. in the event that the company's loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the liability may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. additionally, due to the uncertainties involved, any potential liability determined to be attributable to the company arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning litigation.
income taxes the company estimates income taxes for each jurisdiction in which it conducts operations. this involves estimating taxable earnings, specific taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and possible exposures related to future tax audits. to the extent these estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income taxes will be made in the period in which the changes occur.
the company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. these assessments of uncertain tax positions contain judgments related to the interpretation of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we transact business. the judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, expiration of statutes of limitations, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations. income tax expense is adjusted in our statements of consolidated income in the period in which these events occur. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information concerning income taxes.
