item 1a: risk factors in evaluating the company, careful consideration should be given to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. each of these risk factors could adversely affect, and in some cases may have already affected, the company's business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in the company's common stock.
business risks the sales of many of our products are dependent on the health of the vehicle repair market and the changing requirements of vehicle repair.
we believe sales of many of our products are dependent on the changing vehicle repair requirements, the number of vehicles on the road, the general aging of vehicles and the number of miles driven. these factors affect the frequency, type and amount of service and repair performed on vehicles by technicians, and therefore affect the demand for the number of technicians, the prosperity of technicians and, consequently, the demand technicians have for our tools, other products and services, as well as the value technicians place on those products and services. the use of other methods of transportation, including more frequent use of public transportation in the future, could result in a decrease in the use of privately-operated vehicles. a decrease in the use of privately-operated vehicles may lead to fewer repairs and less demand for our products.
in addition, the number of electric and hybrid vehicles developed and sold has risen in recent years, and is expected to continue to increase in the future. while we believe that advances in vehicle technologies provide us with opportunities to develop innovative products and solutions for the vehicle repair market, if we are not able to effectively execute on those possibilities, our business and results of operations could suffer.
the performance of snap-on's mobile tool distribution business depends on the success of its franchisees.
approximately 41% of our consolidated net revenues in 2023 were generated by the snap-on tools group, which consists of snap-on's business operations primarily serving vehicle service and repair technicians through the company's multinational mobile tool distribution channel. snap-on's success is dependent on its relationships with franchisees, individually and collectively, as they are the primary sales and service link between the company and vehicle service and repair technicians, who are an important class of end users for snap-on's products and services.
if our franchisees are not successful, or if we do not maintain an effective relationship with our franchisees, the delivery of products, the collection of receivables and/or our relationship with end users could be adversely affected and thereby negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
2023 annual report in addition, if we are unable to maintain effective relationships with franchisees, snap-on or the franchisees may choose to terminate the relationship, which may result in: (i) open routes, in which end-user customers are not provided reliable service; (ii) litigation resulting from termination; (iii) reduced collections or increased charge-offs of franchisee receivables owed to snap-on; and/or (iv) reduced collections or increased charge-offs of finance and contract receivables.
the inability to continue to introduce new products that respond to customer needs and achieve market acceptance could result in lower revenues and reduced profitability.
sales from new products represent a significant portion of our net sales and are expected to continue to represent a significant component of our future net sales. we may not be able to compete effectively unless we continue to enhance existing products or introduce new products to the marketplace in a timely manner. product improvements and new product introductions require significant financial and other resources, including planning, design, development, sourcing and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing process levels. our competitors' new products may beat our products to market, be more effective, contain more features, be less expensive than our products, and/or render our products obsolete. any new products that we develop may not receive market acceptance or otherwise generate any meaningful net sales or profits for us relative to our expectations based on, among other factors, existing and anticipated investments in manufacturing capacity and commitments to fund advertising, marketing, promotional programs and research and development.
failure to adequately protect intellectual property, or claims of infringement, could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
intellectual property rights are an important and integral component of our business and failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. in addition, we have been, and in the future may be, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement against us by third parties; whether or not these claims have merit, we could be required to expend significant resources in defense of those claims. adverse determinations in a judicial or administrative proceeding or via a settlement could prevent us from manufacturing and selling our products, prevent us from stopping others from manufacturing and selling competing products, and/or result in payments for damages. in the event of an infringement claim, we may also be required to spend significant resources to develop alternatives or obtain licenses, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, and may reduce our sales and disrupt our production.
the global tool, equipment, diagnostics, and repair information industries are competitive.
we face strong competition in all of our market segments. price competition in our various industries is intense and pricing pressures from competitors and customers continue to increase. in general, as a manufacturer and marketer of premium products and services, the expectations of snap-on's customers and its franchisees are high. any inability to maintain customer satisfaction could diminish snap-on's premium image and reputation and could result in a lessening of our ability to command premium pricing. in addition, technological developments and enhancements of products and service offerings in our industry may require our expanded use of artificial intelligence ("ai") and machine learning; if we are unable to keep pace with the rate of these and other developments, our ability to effectively compete could be adversely affected. we expect that the level of competition will remain high in the future, which, if not effectively matched or exceeded, could limit our ability to maintain or increase market share or profitability.
foreign operations are subject to political, economic, trade and other risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
approximately 28% of our revenues in 2023 were generated outside of the united states. future growth rates and success of our business depends in large part on continued growth in our non-u.s. operations, including growth in emerging markets and critical industries. numerous risks and uncertainties affect our non-u.s. operations. these include political, economic and social instability, such as acts of war, armed conflicts, civil disturbance or acts of terrorism, local labor conditions, and trade relations with china. these also include changes in government policies and regulations, including those intended to address climate change, imposition or increases in withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by international subsidiaries, increases in trade sanctions and other related measures, as well as exposure to liabilities under anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in various countries, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. risks related to our non-u.s. operations could further include currency volatility, transportation delays or interruptions, sovereign debt uncertainties and difficulties in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights, as well as reputational risks related to, among other factors, different standards and practices among countries. should the economic environment in our non-u.s. markets deteriorate from current levels, our results of operations and financial position could be materially impacted, including as a result of the effects of potential impairment write-downs of goodwill and/or other intangible assets related to these businesses.
snap-on incorporated as part of the agreement related to the united kingdom's ("u.k.") departure from the european union ("brexit"), there is a new series of customs and regulatory checks, including rules of origin and stringent local content requirements. there are also restrictions on the free movement of people and temporary visas for work-related purposes have been re-introduced. the implications of brexit, including disruptions to trade and the movement of goods, services and people between the u.k. and the european union or other countries, may lead to additional cost, delays and volatility in currency exchange rates, as well as create legal and global economic uncertainty. these and other potential implications could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the february 2022 russian invasion of ukraine and the ongoing conflict in the region has led to sanctions and actions taken against russia and belarus by the united states, the u.k., the european union and others. the war in ukraine has not had a material impact on our business and operations; however, expansion of the conflict beyond its current geographic, political and economic scope could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. risks related to this situation include supply chain inefficiencies, price increases and shortages of raw materials and components, increased trade sanctions, exchange rate volatility, energy shortages in europe, an increase in cybersecurity incidents, and potential impairment of certain assets.
our foreign operations are also subject to other risks and challenges, such as the need to staff and manage diverse workforces, respond to the needs of multiple national and international marketplaces, and differing business climates and cultures in various countries.
operational risks risks associated with the disruption of manufacturing operations could adversely affect our profitability or competitive position.
we manufacture a significant portion of the products we sell. any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing manufacturing facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, facility consolidation or closure actions, lack of raw material or component availability, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disasters, climate or weather events, use and storage of hazardous materials, armed conflicts, sabotage, terrorism, civil unrest or other events), or other reasons, including outbreaks of infectious diseases, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
price inflation and shortages of raw materials, components, certain purchased finished goods and energy sources have impacted, and in the future could adversely affect, the ability to obtain, as well as the cost of, needed materials or products and, in turn, our results of operations.
snap-on's supply of raw materials and purchased components are generally available from numerous suppliers, and the company continuously works to expand its supplier base to ensure availability. the principal raw material used in the manufacture of our products is steel, which we purchase in competitive, price-sensitive markets. to meet snap-on's high quality standards, a portion of our steel needs include specialized alloys, which are available only from a limited group of approved suppliers. additionally, certain electronic components are sourced from a finite set of suppliers. some of these specialized materials and components have been, and in the future may be, in short supply, particularly in the event of mill shutdowns or production cut backs. in addition, outbreaks of infectious diseases, weather events, armed conflicts, government actions (including those affecting trade) or other circumstances beyond our control could also impact the availability of raw materials and components. physical risks of climate change may also impact the availability and cost of materials, sources and supply of energy and could also increase operating costs. raw materials, components and certain purchased finished goods can exhibit price and demand cyclicality, including as a result of tariffs, other trade protection measures, inflationary factors, and supply chain inefficiencies. associated unexpected variability has resulted, and in the future could result, in an increase in product costs and require snap-on to increase prices to maintain margins.
we use various energy sources to transport, produce and distribute products, and some of our products have components that are petroleum based. petroleum and energy prices have periodically increased significantly over short periods of time; future volatility and changes may be caused by market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuations, production and transportation disruptions, climate change regulations, world events, including armed conflicts, and governmental actions. energy price increases raise both our operating costs and the costs of our materials, and we may not be able to increase our prices enough to offset these costs in certain areas. higher prices also may reduce the level of future customer orders and our profitability.
2023 annual report failure to maintain effective distribution of products and services could adversely impact revenue, gross margin and profitability.
we use a variety of distribution methods to sell our products and services. successfully managing the interaction of our distribution efforts to reach various potential customer segments for our products and services is a complex process. moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks, costs and gross margins, our failure to implement the most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could adversely affect our revenue, gross margins and profitability.
data security and information technology infrastructure and security are critical to supporting business objectives; failure of our systems, as well as those of third parties with which we do business, to operate effectively could adversely affect our business and reputation.
we depend heavily on information technology infrastructure to achieve our business objectives and to protect sensitive data, and we continually invest in improving such systems. in the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data and information, including personally identifiable information about our employees and the company's proprietary and regulated business information, as well as that of our customers, suppliers and business partners. our information systems, like those of other companies and our third party service providers, are susceptible to malicious damage, intrusions and outages due to, among other events, viruses, cyber attacks, industrial espionage, phishing attempts, hacking, break-ins and similar events, as well as other breaches of security, natural disasters, power loss or telecommunications failures. techniques used to breach information technology systems are growing in sophistication from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of ai, and increasingly come from threat actors of all types, including individuals, criminal organizations and state-sponsored operatives.
in response to the evolving cyber threat environment, we continue to invest in data security and address these risks and uncertainties by implementing security technologies, internal controls, network and data center resiliency, and redundancy and recovery processes, as well as by securing insurance. future problems that impair or compromise the company's information technology infrastructure, or that of our third party service providers, including those due to natural disasters, power outages, major network failures, security breaches or malicious attacks, or those occurring during system upgrades and/or new system implementations could impede our operations. such impacts could interfere with our ability to record or process orders, manufacture and ship in a timely manner, manage our financial services operations including originating, processing, accounting for and collecting receivables, protect sensitive data of the company, our customers, our suppliers and business partners, or otherwise carry on business in the normal course.
in the first quarter of 2022, as previously disclosed, snap-on detected unusual activity in some areas of its information technology environment, quickly took down its network connections as part of the company's defense protocols, launched a comprehensive analysis assisted by a leading external forensics firm, and notified law enforcement. the company continued to pursue its commercial activities and restored connections as system interfaces were cleared. this incident did not have a significant impact on the results of our operations, and we are not currently aware of a security breach at any third-party service provider that we believe could significantly affect our operations. future cyber events, however, could cause us to lose customers and/or revenue and could require us to incur significant expense to remediate, including as a result of legal or regulatory claims, proceedings, fines or penalties, and could also damage our reputation.
in association with initiatives to better integrate business units, optimize our operating footprint and improve responsiveness to franchisees and customers, snap-on is continually enhancing its global enterprise resource planning (erp) management information systems. as we integrate, implement and deploy new information technology processes and enhance our information infrastructure across our global operations, we could experience disruptions that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
failure to attract, retain and effectively manage qualified personnel could lead to a loss of revenue and/or profitability.
snap-on's success depends, in part, on the efforts and abilities of its senior management team and other key employees whose skills, experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our operations and administration. the failure to attract and retain members of our senior management team and other key employees, to effectively develop personnel and to execute succession plans could have a negative effect on our operating results. in addition, transitions of important responsibilities to new individuals inherently include the possibility of disruptions to our operations, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
snap-on incorporated we may not successfully integrate businesses we acquire, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the pursuit of growth through acquisitions, including participation in joint ventures, involves significant risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. these risks include:
•loss of the acquired businesses' customers;
•inability to integrate successfully the acquired businesses' operations;
•inability to coordinate management and integrate and retain employees of the acquired businesses;
•unforeseen or contingent liabilities of the acquired businesses;
•large write-offs or write-downs, or the impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets;
•difficulties in implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
•failure to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale or other anticipated benefits, or to maintain operating margins;
•strain on our personnel, systems and resources, and diversion of attention from other priorities;
•incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense; and
•the dilutive effect in the event of the issuance of additional equity securities.
the steps taken to restructure operations, rationalize operating footprint, lower operating expenses and achieve greater efficiencies in the supply chain could disrupt business.
we have taken steps in the past, and may take additional steps in the future, intended to improve customer service and drive further efficiencies as well as reduce costs, some of which could be disruptive to our business. future efforts to reduce components of expense could result in the recording of charges for inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs or other charges relating to the consolidation or closure of facilities. if we were to incur a substantial charge or are unable to effectively manage our cost reduction and restructuring efforts, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected in certain periods.
financial risks our inability to provide acceptable financing alternatives to franchisees and other end-user customers could adversely impact our operating results.
an integral component of our business and profitability is our ability to offer competitive financing alternatives to franchisees and other end-user customers. the lack of our ability to offer such alternatives or obtain capital resources or other financing to support our receivables on terms that we believe are attractive, whether resulting from the state of the financial markets, our own operating performance, or other factors, would negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. adverse fluctuations in interest rates and/or our ability to provide competitive financing programs could also have an adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.
exposure to credit risks of customers and resellers may make it difficult to collect receivables, and our allowances for credit losses for receivables may prove inadequate, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
a decline in industry and/or economic conditions has the potential to weaken the financial position of some of our customers, including financial services customers. if circumstances surrounding our customers' ability to repay their credit obligations were to deteriorate and result in the write-down or write-off of such receivables, it would negatively affect our operating results for the relevant period and, if large, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the company maintains allowances for credit losses for receivables to provide for defaults and nonperformance. these allowances represent an estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining contractual life of the receivables, using historical loss experience, asset specific risk characteristics, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and an appropriate reversion period, when applicable. the determination of the appropriate levels of the allowances for credit losses involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgement, and requires the company to make estimates of credit risks, which may undergo material changes as a result of economic conditions and other factors. the company's allowances may not be adequate to cover actual losses, and future provisions for credit losses could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
2023 annual report foreign operations are subject to currency exchange, inflation, interest and other risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the reporting currency for snap-on's consolidated financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of the company's assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. in preparing snap-on's consolidated financial statements, those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are translated into u.s. dollars at applicable exchange rates. increases or decreases in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies affect the u.s. dollar value of those items, as reflected in the consolidated financial statements. substantial fluctuations in the value of the u.s. dollar or other transactional currencies have had and, in the future, could have a significant impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations. cash generated in certain non-u.s. jurisdictions has been, and in the future may be, difficult to repatriate to the united states in a tax-efficient manner as a result of, among other factors, restrictions on the movement of funds out of certain countries put in place by foreign governments. further, economic conditions in the markets in which we operate can vary, including due to changes in currency exchange rates, local inflation, interest rates and other factors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse developments in the credit and financial markets could negatively impact the availability of credit that we and our customers need to operate our businesses.
we depend upon the availability of credit to operate our business, including the financing of receivables from end-user customers that are originated by our financial services businesses. our end-user customers, franchisees and suppliers also require access to credit for their businesses. at times, world financial markets have been unstable and subject to uncertainty. adverse developments in the credit and financial markets, or unfavorable changes in snap-on's credit rating, could negatively impact the availability of future financing and the terms on which it might be available to snap-on, its end-user customers, franchisees and suppliers. inability to access credit or capital markets, or a deterioration in the terms on which financing might be available, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
increasing our financial leverage could affect our operations and profitability.
our $900 million multicurrency revolving credit facility contains an accordion feature that, subject to certain customary conditions, may allow the maximum commitment to be increased by up to $450 million with the approval of the lenders providing additional commitments. while there are no current borrowings under the credit facility, future borrowings and the resulting increase in the company's leverage ratio may affect both our availability of additional capital resources as well as our operations in several ways, including:
•the terms on which credit may be available to us could be less attractive, both in the economic terms of the credit and the covenants stipulated by the credit terms;
•the possible lack of availability of additional credit or access to the commercial paper market;
•the potential for higher levels of interest expense to service or maintain our outstanding debt;
•the possibility of additional borrowings in the future to repay our indebtedness when it comes due; and
•the possible diversion of capital resources from other uses.
while we believe we will have the ability to service our debt and obtain additional financial resources in the future if and when needed, that will depend upon our results of operations and financial position at the time, the then-current state of the credit and financial markets, and other factors that may be beyond our control. therefore, we cannot give assurances that credit will be available on terms that we consider attractive, or at all, if and when necessary or beneficial to us.
failure to achieve expected investment returns on pension plan assets, as well as changes in interest rates or plan demographics, could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
snap-on sponsors various defined benefit pension plans (the "pension plans"). the assets of the pension plans are diversified in an attempt to mitigate the risk of a large loss. required funding for the company's domestic defined benefit pension plans is determined in accordance with guidelines set forth in the federal employee retirement income security act ("erisa"); foreign defined benefit pension plans are funded in accordance with local statutes or practice. additional contributions to enhance the funded status of the pension plans can be made at the company's discretion. however, there can be no assurance that the value of the pension plan assets, or the investment returns on those plan assets, will be sufficient to meet the future benefit obligations of such plans. in addition, during periods of adverse investment market conditions and declining interest rates, the company may be required to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans that could reduce our financial flexibility. changes in plan demographics, including an increase in the number of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the company's pension plans.
snap-on incorporated our pension plan obligations are affected by changes in market interest rates. significant fluctuations in market interest rates have added, and may further add, volatility to our pension plan obligations. in periods of declining market interest rates, our pension plan obligations generally increase; in periods of increasing market interest rates, our pension plan obligations generally decrease. while our plan assets are broadly diversified, there are inherent market risks associated with investments; if adverse market conditions occur, our plan assets could incur significant or material losses. since we may need to make additional contributions to address changes in obligations and/or a loss in plan assets, the combination of declining market interest rates, past or future plan asset investment losses, and/or changes in plan demographics could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the company's pension plan expense is comprised of the following factors: (i) service cost; (ii) interest on projected benefit obligations; (iii) expected return on plan assets; (iv) the amortization of prior service costs and credits; (v) effects of actuarial gains and losses; and (vi) settlement/curtailment costs, when applicable. the accounting for pensions involves the estimation of a number of factors that are highly uncertain. certain factors, such as the interest on projected benefit obligations and the expected return on plan assets, are impacted by changes in market interest rates and the value of plan assets. a significant decrease in market interest rates and a decrease in the fair value of plan assets would increase net pension expense and may adversely affect the company's future financial results. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's pension plans.
the recognition of impairment charges on goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely impact our future financial condition and results of operations.
we have a substantial amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets, almost all of which are booked in the commercial & industrial group and in the repair systems & information group. we are required to perform impairment tests on our goodwill and other intangible assets annually or at any time when events occur that could impact the value of our business segments. our determination of whether impairment has occurred is based on a comparison of each of our reporting units' fair market value with its carrying value.
significant and unanticipated changes in circumstances, such as declines in profitability and cash flow due to long-term deterioration in macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, the loss of key customers, changes in technology or markets, changes in key personnel or litigation, a sustained decrease in share price and/or other events, could require a provision for impairment in a future period that could substantially impact our reported earnings and reduce our consolidated net worth and shareholders' equity. should the economic environment in these markets deteriorate, our results of operations and financial position could be materially impacted, including as a result of the effects of potential impairment write-downs of goodwill and/or other intangible assets related to these businesses.
legal and regulatory risks legislation and regulations relating to our business and the countries where we operate, including those related to sustainability matters, as well as any changes to such legislation or regulations, in addition to new compliance obligations or a failure to maintain existing compliance requirements, may, if significant, affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
significant changes to legislative and regulatory activity, and compliance burdens, including those associated with: (i) sales to our government, military and defense contractor customers; and (ii) classification of third parties, including our franchisees, as independent from the company, as well as the manner in which they are applied, could significantly impact our business and the economy as a whole.
financial services businesses of all kinds are subject to significant and complex regulations and enforcement. in addition to potentially increasing the costs and other requirements of doing business due to compliance obligations, new laws and regulations, or changes to existing laws and regulations, as well as the enforcement thereof, may affect the relationships between creditors and debtors, inhibit the rights of creditors to collect amounts owed to them, expand liability for certain actions or inaction, or limit the types of financial products or services offered, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could also result in civil, criminal, monetary and/or non-monetary penalties, damage to our reputation, and/or require significant remediation costs.
2023 annual report in recent years there has been increased public awareness, concern and focus on environmental and sustainability issues, including matters related to climate change, and we expect these trends to continue. the current focus on these matters is expected to result in additional and/or more restrictive regulations, such as the corporate sustainability reporting directive (csrd) in the european union and the proposed sec regulations relating to climate change disclosures, and industry or third-party requirements and standards to reduce or mitigate climate change as well as other environmental or sustainability risks. the timing of certain of these regulations has yet to be determined.
increased regulatory requirements or standards may result in increased compliance or input costs, including those related to energy or raw materials, for us and our suppliers. if environmental laws or regulations or industry standards are either changed or adopted, and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the company, the company's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. for example, if significant increases in fuel economy requirements or changes to vehicle emissions requirements for internal combustion engine vehicles were imposed, there could be a decrease in demand for such vehicles and a reduction in miles driven, which could adversely impact the demand for certain of our products and services. furthermore, an inability to successfully manage climate change or sustainability matters, or to effectively respond to new, or changes in, legal or regulatory requirements concerning sustainability matters, or increased operating or manufacturing costs due to changes in the regulatory environment, could adversely affect our business.
these developments, and other potential future legislation and regulations, including the increasing global regulation of privacy rights and use of ai, may also adversely affect the customers to which, and the markets into which, we sell our products, and increase our costs and otherwise negatively affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition, including in ways that cannot yet be foreseen.
product liability claims and litigation could affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the products that we design and/or manufacture, and/or the services we provide, can lead to product liability claims or other legal claims being filed against us. to the extent that plaintiffs are successful in showing that a defect in a product's design, manufacture or warnings led to personal injury or property damage, or that our provision of services resulted in similar injury or damage, we may be subject to claims for damages. although we are insured for damages above a certain amount, we bear the costs and expenses associated with defending claims, including frivolous lawsuits, and are responsible for damages up to the insurance retention amount. in addition to claims concerning individual products, as a manufacturer, we can be subject to costs, potential negative publicity and lawsuits related to product recalls, which could adversely impact our results of operations and damage our reputation.
legal disputes could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to legal disputes that are litigated and/or settled. disputes or future lawsuits could result in the diversion of management's time and attention away from business operations. additionally, negative developments with respect to legal disputes and the costs incurred in defending ourselves, even if successful, could have an adverse impact on the company and its reputation. successful outcomes, at trial or on appeal, can never be assured. adverse outcomes or settlements could also require us to pay damages, potentially in excess of amounts reserved, or incur liability for other remedies that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations expose us to the risk of environmental liabilities, costs, litigation and violations that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
certain of our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the ground, air and water and establish standards for the generation, treatment, use, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes. we must also comply with various health and safety regulations in the united states and abroad in connection with our operations. failure to comply with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. in addition, we may incur costs related to remedial efforts or alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices. we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws will not exceed our estimates.
snap-on incorporated the inability to successfully defend claims from taxing authorities and changes in tax laws and rules could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret the income tax laws and rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. new tax laws, within the u.s. and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, such as pillar two of the global anti-base erosion rules released by the organisation for economic cooperation and development (oecd), which, once adopted in various jurisdictions, will require a global minimum tax for multinational countries, could impact our operations. due to the subjectivity of tax laws in and between jurisdictions, as well as the subjectivity of factual interpretations, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. claims from taxing authorities related to these differences could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
general risk factor economic conditions and world events could affect our operating results.
in addition to the specific risks above, we, our franchisees and our customers, may be adversely affected by changing economic conditions, including conditions that may particularly impact specific regions. these conditions may result in reduced consumer and investor confidence, instability in the credit and financial markets, volatile corporate profits, and reduced business and consumer spending. we, our franchisees and our customers, and the economy as a whole, also may be affected by future world or local events outside our control, such as tariffs and other trade protection measures put in place by the united states or other countries, acts of terrorism, developments in the war on terrorism, armed conflicts (including the current war in ukraine, an escalation of the conflict in the middle east, and other regional conflicts), civil unrest, conflicts in international situations, weather events and natural disasters, outbreaks of infectious diseases, as well as government-related developments or issues, including changes in tax laws and regulations, new or enhanced regulations related to climate change and other sustainability matters, and changes in financial accounting standards. these factors may affect the results of operations by reducing our sales, margins and/or net earnings as a result of a slowdown in customer orders or order cancellations, impact the availability and/or pricing of raw materials and/or the supply chain, and could potentially lead to future impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. in addition, political, social turmoil, international conflicts and terrorist acts may put pressure on global economic conditions. unstable political, social and economic conditions may make it difficult for our franchisees, customers, suppliers and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. if such conditions persist, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively affected.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management overview we believe our 2023 operating performance demonstrates the continuing momentum of our business, confirms the special resilience of our markets, and reflects the considerable capability of our combined operations and our experienced team to overcome the uncertainties of the current environment. throughout the variability, we maintained and further extended our ongoing advantages in our products, in our brands and in our people. at the same time, we leveraged existing proficiencies to focus on expanding our professional customer base, not only in automotive repair, but in adjacent markets, additional geographies and other areas, including critical industries, where the cost and penalties for failure can be high. snap-on's value proposition of making work easier for serious professionals is an ongoing strength as we move forward along our runways for coherent growth:
•enhancing the franchise network, where we continued to focus on helping our franchisees extend their reach through innovative selling processes and productivity initiatives that break the traditional time and space barriers inherent in a mobile van;
•expanding with repair shop owners and managers, where we continued to make progress in connecting with customers and translating the resulting insights into innovation that solves specific challenges in the repair facility;
•further extending to critical industries, where we continued to grow our lines of products customized for specific industries, including through further integration of acquisitions; and
•building in emerging markets, where we continued to maintain manufacturing capacity, as well as refine product lines and distribution capabilities.
our strategic priorities and plans for 2024 involve continuing to build on our snap-on value creation processes - our suite of strategic principles and processes we employ every day designed to create value, and employed in the areas of safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rapid continuous improvement ("rci"). we expect to continue to deploy these processes in our existing operations as well as into our recently acquired businesses.
snap-on's rci initiatives employ a structured set of tools and processes across multiple businesses and geographies intended to eliminate waste and improve operations. savings from snap-on's rci initiatives reflect benefits from a wide variety of ongoing efficiency, productivity and process improvements, including savings generated from product design cost reductions, improved manufacturing line set-up and change-over practices, lower-cost sourcing initiatives and facility consolidations. unless individually significant, it is not practicable to disclose each rci activity that generated savings and/or segregate rci savings embedded in sales volume increases.
our global financial services operations continue to serve a significant strategic role in offering financing options to our franchisees, to their customers, and to customers in other parts of our business. we expect that our global financial services business, which includes both snap-on credit llc ("soc") in the united states and our other international finance subsidiaries, will continue to be a meaningful contributor to our operating earnings going forward.
snap-on has significant international operations and is subject to risks inherent with foreign operations, including foreign currency translation fluctuations.
recent acquisitions on november 20, 2023, snap-on acquired certain assets of savteq, inc. ("savteq"), for a cash purchase price of $3.0 million. savteq, based in lexington, kentucky, provides precise non-contact measuring capabilities that snap-on intends to leverage in its product offerings.
on november 1, 2023, snap-on acquired mountz, inc. ("mountz") for a cash purchase price of $39.6 million. mountz, based in san jose, california, is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of high-precision torque tools, including measurement, calibration and documentation products. the acquisition of mountz complements and expands snap-on's torque offerings to customers in a variety of critical industries including aerospace, transportation and advanced manufacturing.
for segment reporting purposes, the results of operations and assets of savteq have been included in the repair systems & information group and those of mountz have been included in the commercial & industrial group since the respective acquisition dates.
pro forma financial information has not been presented for these acquisitions as the net effects, individually and collectively, were neither significant nor material to snap-on's results of operations or financial position.
snap-on incorporated fiscal year snap-on's fiscal year ends on the saturday that is on or nearest to december 31. unless otherwise indicated, references in this document to "fiscal 2023" or "2023" refer to the fiscal year ended december 30, 2023; references to "fiscal 2022" or "2022" refer to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022; and references to "fiscal 2021" or "2021" refer to the fiscal year ended january 1, 2022. references in this document to 2023, 2022 and 2021 year end refer to december 30, 2023, december 31, 2022, and january 1, 2022, respectively. snap-on's 2023, 2022 and 2021 fiscal years each contained 52 weeks of operating results.
fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 can be found under "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," in our annual report on the form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, which was filed with the sec on february 9, 2023, and is available on the sec's website at www.sec.gov as well as in the "investors" section of our website at www.snapon.com.
non-gaap measures references in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to "organic sales" refer to sales from continuing operations calculated in accordance with gaap, adjusted to exclude acquisition-related sales and the impact of foreign currency translation. management evaluates the company's sales performance based on organic sales growth, which primarily reflects growth from the company's existing businesses as a result of increased output, expanded customer base, geographic expansion, new product development and pricing changes, and excludes sales contributions from acquired operations the company did not own as of the comparable prior-year reporting period. organic sales also exclude the effects of foreign currency translation as foreign currency translation is subject to volatility that can obscure underlying business trends. management believes that the non-gaap financial measure of organic sales is meaningful to investors as it provides them with useful information to aid in identifying underlying growth trends in the company's businesses and facilitates comparisons of its sales performance with prior periods.
summary of consolidated performance consolidated net sales of $4,730.2 million in 2023 represented an increase of $237.4 million, or 5.3%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $250.7 million, or 5.6%, organic gain and $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $18.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
operating earnings before financial services of $1,039.9 million in 2023 compared to $941.2 million in 2022, an increase of $98.7 million or 10.5%. as a percentage of net sales, operating earnings before financial services were 22.0% compared to 20.9% last year.
operating earnings of $1,310.4 million in 2023 compared to $1,207.2 million in 2022, an increase of $103.2 million or 8.5%. as a percentage of revenues (net sales plus financial services revenue), operating earnings were 25.7% compared to 24.9% last year.
net earnings attributable to snap-on of $1,011.1 million, or $18.76 per diluted share, in 2023 compared to $911.7 million, or $16.82 per diluted share, in 2022, an increase of $99.4 million or $1.94 per diluted share.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
summary of segment performance the commercial & industrial group consists of business operations serving a broad range of industrial and commercial customers worldwide, including customers in the aerospace, natural resources, government and military, power generation, transportation and technical education market segments (collectively, "critical industries"), primarily through direct and distributor channels. segment net sales of $1,458.3 million in 2023 represented an increase of $59.1 million, or 4.2%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $69.7 million, or 5.0%, organic gain and $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $16.1 million of unfavorable currency translation. the organic increase primarily reflects a double-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries. operating earnings of $226.1 million in 2023, including $9.0 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $197.6 million in 2022, an increase of $28.5 million or 14.4%.
the commercial & industrial group intends to focus on the following strategic priorities in 2024:
•expanding our business with existing customers and reaching new customers in critical industries and other market segments;
•continuing to invest in emerging market growth initiatives;
•broadening our product offering designed particularly for critical industry segments;
•increasing our customer-connection-driven understanding of work across multiple industries;
•investing in innovation that, guided by that understanding of work, delivers an ongoing stream of productivity-enhancing custom engineered solutions; and
•continuing to reduce structural and operating costs, as well as improve efficiencies, through rci initiatives.
the snap-on tools group consists of business operations primarily serving vehicle service and repair technicians through the company's multinational mobile tool distribution channel. segment net sales of $2,088.8 million in 2023 represented an increase of $16.8 million, or 0.8%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $25.0 million, or 1.2%, organic sales gain, partially offset by $8.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. the organic increase is primarily due to a mid single-digit gain in the segment's international operations, while activity in the u.s. operations was essentially flat. operating earnings of $493.8 million in 2023, including $12.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $458.7 million in 2022, an increase of $35.1 million or 7.7%.
the snap-on tools group intends to focus on the following strategic priorities in 2024:
•enhancing franchisee sales productivity, profitability, commercial health, and satisfaction;
•developing new programs and products to expand market coverage, reaching new technician customers and increasing penetration with existing customers;
•increasing investment in new product innovation and development; and
•improving customer service levels and productivity in back office support functions, manufacturing and the supply chain through rci initiatives and capacity investment.
the repair systems & information group consists of business operations serving other professional vehicle repair customers worldwide, primarily owners and managers of independent repair shops and oem dealership service and repair shops ("oem dealerships") through direct and distributor channels. segment net sales of $1,781.2 million in 2023 represented an increase of $114.3 million, or 6.9%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $111.7 million, or 6.7%, organic sales increase and $2.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. the organic gain primarily reflects double-digit increases in sales of undercar equipment and high single-digit gains in activity with oem dealerships. operating earnings of $433.2 million in 2023, including $1.3 million of favorable foreign currency effects, compared to $393.3 million in 2022, an increase of $39.9 million or 10.1%.
the repair systems & information group intends to focus on the following strategic priorities in 2024:
•expanding the product offering with new products and services, thereby providing more to sell to repair shop owners and managers;
•continuing software and hardware upgrades to further improve functionality, performance and efficiency;
•leveraging integration of software solutions;
•continuing productivity advancements through rci initiatives and leveraging of resources; and
•increasing geographic penetration, including in emerging markets.
snap-on incorporated financial services generates revenue from various financing programs and is a strategic partner of the company's mobile franchise van channel. financial services revenue of $378.1 million in 2023 compared to $349.7 million in 2022. originations of $1,235.5 million in 2023 represented an increase of $82.4 million, or 7.1%, from 2022 levels. operating earnings from financial services of $270.5 million in 2023 compared to $266.0 million last year.
financial services intends to focus on the following strategic priorities in 2024:
•delivering financial products and services that attract and sustain profitable franchisees and support snap‐on's strategies for expanding market coverage and penetration;
•improving productivity levels and ensuring high quality in all financial products and processes through the use of rci initiatives; and
•maintaining healthy portfolio performance levels.
cash flows net cash provided by operating activities of $1,154.2 million in 2023 compared to $675.2 million in 2022. the $479.0 million increase is primarily due to a $352.9 million change in net operating assets and liabilities, and a $100.7 million increase in net earnings.
net cash used by investing activities of $331.8 million in 2023 included additions to finance receivables of $1,029.0 million, which were partially offset by collections of $833.5 million, as well as a use of cash of $42.6 million for the acquisitions of mountz and savteq. net cash used by investing activities of $206.2 million in 2022 included additions to finance receivables of $955.8 million, partially offset by collections of $826.9 million, as well as $0.5 million of cash provided by acquisitions. capital expenditures in 2023 and 2022 totaled $95.0 million and $84.2 million, respectively. capital expenditures in both years included continued investments related to the company's execution of its strategic growth initiatives and value creation processes around safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and rci.
net cash used by financing activities of $572.9 million in 2023 included $355.6 million for dividend payments to shareholders, $294.7 million for the repurchase of 1,126,000 shares of snap-on's common stock, and net repayments of other short-term borrowings of $1.7 million. these amounts were partially offset by $113.6 million of proceeds from stock purchase plan and stock option exercises. net cash used by financing activities of $485.0 million in 2022 included $313.1 million for dividend payments to shareholders and $198.1 million for the repurchase of 899,000 shares of snap-on's common stock. these amounts were partially offset by $55.0 million of proceeds from stock purchase plan and stock option exercises and net proceeds from other short-term borrowings of $1.6 million.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations
2023 vs. 2022
results of operations for 2023 and 2022 are as follows:
(amounts in millions)                                                                                         2023                                                     2022                                              change net sales                                                                  $4,730.2                      100.0   %                  $4,492.8                      100.0   %                  $237.4                     5.3   %
cost of goods sold                                                        (2,381.1)                     (50.3)   %                 (2,311.7)                     (51.5)   %                  (69.4)                   (3.0)   %
gross profit                                                                2,349.1                       49.7   %                   2,181.1                       48.5   %                   168.0                     7.7   %
operating expenses                                                        (1,309.2)                     (27.7)   %                 (1,239.9)                     (27.6)   %                  (69.3)                   (5.6)   %
operating earnings before financial services                                1,039.9                       22.0   %                     941.2                       20.9   %                    98.7                    10.5   %
financial services revenue                                                    378.1                      100.0   %                     349.7                      100.0   %                    28.4                     8.1   %
financial services expenses                                                 (107.6)                     (28.5)   %                    (83.7)                     (23.9)   %                  (23.9)                  (28.6)   %
operating earnings from financial services                                    270.5                       71.5   %                     266.0                       76.1   %                     4.5                     1.7   %
operating earnings                                                          1,310.4                       25.7   %                   1,207.2                       24.9   %                   103.2                     8.5   %
interest expense                                                             (49.9)                      (1.0)   %                    (47.1)                      (1.0)   %                   (2.8)                   (5.9)   %
other income (expense) - net                                                   67.5                        1.3   %                      42.5                        0.9   %                    25.0                    58.8   %
earnings before income taxes and equity earnings                            1,328.0                       26.0   %                   1,202.6                       24.8   %                   125.4                    10.4   %
income tax expense                                                          (293.4)                      (5.7)   %                   (268.7)                      (5.5)   %                  (24.7)                   (9.2)   %
net earnings                                                                1,034.6                       20.3   %                     933.9                       19.3   %                   100.7                    10.8   %
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (23.5)                      (0.5)   %                    (22.2)                      (0.5)   %                   (1.3)                   (5.9)   %
net earnings attributable to snap-on inc.                                  $1,011.1                       19.8   %                    $911.7                       18.8   %                   $99.4                    10.9   %
percentage disclosure: all income statement line item percentages below "operating earnings from financial services" are calculated as a percentage of the sum of net sales and financial services revenue.
net sales of $4,730.2 million in 2023 represented an increase of $237.4 million, or 5.3%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $250.7 million, or 5.6%, organic gain and $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $18.8 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
gross profit of $2,349.1 million in 2023 compared to $2,181.1 million last year, an increase of $168.0 million or 7.7%. gross margin (gross profit as a percentage of net sales) improved 120 basis points (100 basis points ("bps") equals 1.0 percent) from 2022 primarily due to increased sales volumes and pricing actions, lower material and other costs, and benefits from the company's rci initiatives. these improvements were partially offset by 30 bps of unfavorable foreign currency effects.
operating expenses of $1,309.2 million in 2023 compared to $1,239.9 million last year. operating expenses as a percentage of net sales rose 10 bps from last year, primarily reflecting increased personnel and other costs, partially offset by benefits from higher sales volumes.
operating earnings before financial services of $1,039.9 million in 2023 compared to $941.2 million in 2022, an increase of $98.7 million or 10.5%. as a percentage of net sales, operating earnings before financial services were 22.0% compared to 20.9% last year.
financial services revenue of $378.1 million in 2023 compared to $349.7 million last year. financial services operating earnings of $270.5 million in 2023 compared to $266.0 million in 2022.
operating earnings of $1,310.4 million in 2023 compared to $1,207.2 million in 2022, an increase of $103.2 million or 8.5%. as a percentage of revenues, operating earnings were 25.7% compared to 24.9% last year.
interest expense in 2023 increased $2.8 million compared to last year. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on debt and credit facilities.
snap-on incorporated other income (expense) - net primarily includes net gains and losses associated with hedging and currency exchange rate transactions, non-service components of net periodic benefit costs, and interest income. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on other income (expense) - net.
the effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to snap-on was 22.5% in 2023 and 22.8% in 2022. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
net earnings attributable to snap-on of $1,011.1 million, or $18.76 per diluted share, in 2023 compared to $911.7 million, or $16.82 per diluted share, in 2022, an increase of $99.4 million or $1.94 per diluted share.
segment results snap-on's business segments are based on the organization structure used by management for making operating and investment decisions and for assessing performance. snap-on's reportable business segments are: (i) the commercial & industrial group; (ii) the snap-on tools group; (iii) the repair systems & information group; and (iv) financial services. the commercial & industrial group consists of business operations serving a broad range of industrial and commercial customers worldwide, including customers in the aerospace, natural resources, government and military, power generation, transportation and technical education market segments, primarily through direct and distributor channels. the snap-on tools group consists of business operations primarily serving vehicle service and repair technicians through the company's multinational mobile tool distribution channel. the repair systems & information group consists of business operations serving other professional vehicle repair customers worldwide, primarily owners and managers of independent repair shops and oem dealerships, through direct and distributor channels. financial services consists of the business operations of snap-on's finance subsidiaries.
snap-on evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment revenues and segment operating earnings. the snap-on tools group segment revenues include external net sales, while the commercial & industrial group and the repair systems & information group segment revenues include both external and intersegment net sales. snap-on accounts for intersegment net sales and transfers based primarily on standard costs with reasonable mark-ups established between the segments. identifiable assets by segment are those assets used in the respective reportable segment's operations. corporate assets consist of cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash held at financial services), deferred income taxes and certain other assets. intersegment amounts are eliminated to arrive at snap-on's consolidated financial results.
commercial & industrial group
(amounts in millions)                                                              2023                                                     2022                                         change external net sales                              $1,145.6                       78.6   %                  $1,058.3                       75.6   %                $87.3                   8.2   %
intersegment net sales                             312.7                       21.4   %                     340.9                       24.4   %               (28.2)                 (8.3)   %
segment net sales                                1,458.3                      100.0   %                   1,399.2                      100.0   %                 59.1                   4.2   %
cost of goods sold                               (887.5)                     (60.9)   %                   (880.5)                     (62.9)   %                (7.0)                 (0.8)   %
gross profit                                       570.8                       39.1   %                     518.7                       37.1   %                 52.1                  10.0   %
operating expenses                               (344.7)                     (23.6)   %                   (321.1)                     (23.0)   %               (23.6)                 (7.3)   %
segment operating earnings                        $226.1                       15.5   %                    $197.6                       14.1   %                $28.5                  14.4   %
segment net sales of $1,458.3 million in 2023 represented an increase of $59.1 million, or 4.2%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $69.7 million, or 5.0%, organic gain and $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales, partially offset by $16.1 million of unfavorable currency translation. the organic increase primarily reflects a double-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries.
segment gross margin in 2023 improved 200 bps from last year, primarily due to increased sales volumes in the higher-gross-margin critical industry sector, pricing actions, and benefits from the segment's rci initiatives. these improvements were partially offset by 40 bps of unfavorable foreign currency effects.
segment operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2023 rose 60 bps as compared to 2022 primarily reflecting increased sales in higher-expense businesses, as well as increased personnel and other costs.
as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings of $226.1 million in 2023, including $9.0 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $197.6 million in 2022, an increase of $28.5 million or 14.4%. operating margin (segment operating earnings as a percentage of segment net sales) for the commercial & industrial group of 15.5% in 2023 compared to 14.1% last year.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
snap-on tools group
(amounts in millions)                                                              2023                                                     2022                                         change segment net sales                               $2,088.8                      100.0   %                  $2,072.0                      100.0   %                $16.8                   0.8   %
cost of goods sold                             (1,107.7)                     (53.0)   %                 (1,141.7)                     (55.1)   %                 34.0                   3.0   %
gross profit                                       981.1                       47.0   %                     930.3                       44.9   %                 50.8                   5.5   %
operating expenses                               (487.3)                     (23.4)   %                   (471.6)                     (22.8)   %               (15.7)                 (3.3)   %
segment operating earnings                        $493.8                       23.6   %                    $458.7                       22.1   %                $35.1                   7.7   %
segment net sales of $2,088.8 million in 2023 represented an increase of $16.8 million, or 0.8%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $25.0 million, or 1.2%, organic sales gain, partially offset by $8.2 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. the organic increase is primarily due to a mid single-digit gain in the segment's international operations, while activity in the u.s. operations was essentially flat.
segment gross margin in 2023 improved 210 bps from last year, primarily reflecting increased sales of higher-gross-margin products, benefits from sales volumes and pricing actions, and lower material and other costs. these improvements were partially offset by 50 bps of unfavorable foreign currency effects.
segment operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2023 rose 60 bps from last year primarily due to increased personnel and other costs.
as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings of $493.8 million in 2023, including $12.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $458.7 million in 2022, an increase of $35.1 million or 7.7%. operating margin for the snap‐on tools group of 23.6% in 2023 compared to 22.1% last year.
repair systems & information group
(amounts in millions)                                                              2023                                                     2022                                            change external net sales                              $1,495.8                       84.0   %                  $1,362.5                       81.7   %                  $133.3                   9.8   %
intersegment net sales                             285.4                       16.0   %                     304.4                       18.3   %                  (19.0)                 (6.2)   %
segment net sales                                1,781.2                      100.0   %                   1,666.9                      100.0   %                   114.3                   6.9   %
cost of goods sold                               (984.0)                     (55.2)   %                   (934.8)                     (56.1)   %                  (49.2)                 (5.3)   %
gross profit                                       797.2                       44.8   %                     732.1                       43.9   %                    65.1                   8.9   %
operating expenses                               (364.0)                     (20.5)   %                   (338.8)                     (20.3)   %                  (25.2)                 (7.4)   %
segment operating earnings                        $433.2                       24.3   %                    $393.3                       23.6   %                   $39.9                  10.1   %
segment net sales of $1,781.2 million in 2023 represented an increase of $114.3 million, or 6.9%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $111.7 million, or 6.7%, organic sales increase and $2.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. the organic gain primarily reflects double-digit increases in sales of undercar equipment and high single-digit gains in activity with oem dealerships.
segment gross margin in 2023 improved 90 bps from last year primarily due to lower material and other costs, increased sales volumes and pricing actions, and savings from rci initiatives.
segment operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2023 rose 20 bps from 2022, primarily reflecting increased personnel and other costs, partially offset by benefits from sales volume leverage.
as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings of $433.2 million in 2023, including $1.3 million of favorable foreign currency effects, compared to $393.3 million in 2022, an increase of $39.9 million or 10.1%. operating margin for the repair systems & information group of 24.3% in 2023 compared to 23.6% last year.
snap-on incorporated financial services
(amounts in millions)               2023                                                                                             2022                                  change financial services revenue                      $378.1                      100.0   %               $349.7                      100.0   %       $28.4                     8.1   %
financial services expenses                    (107.6)                     (28.5)   %               (83.7)                     (23.9)   %      (23.9)                  (28.6)   %
segment operating earnings                      $270.5                       71.5   %               $266.0                       76.1   %        $4.5                     1.7   %
financial services revenue is generally dependent on the size of the average financial services portfolio during the period, as well as on the average yield on receivables. financial services revenue of $378.1 million in 2023 increased $28.4 million, or 8.1%, from 2022. in 2023 and 2022, the respective average yields on finance receivables were 17.7% and 17.6%. in 2023 and 2022, the average yields on contract receivables were 8.8% and 8.5%, respectively. originations of $1,235.5 million in 2023 represented an increase of $82.4 million, or 7.1%, from 2022 levels.
financial services expenses primarily include personnel-related and other general and administrative costs, as well as provisions for credit losses. these expenses are generally more dependent on changes in the size of the financial services portfolio than they are on the revenue of the segment. financial services expenses in 2023 increased primarily due to higher provisions for credit losses as compared to those recorded in 2022. the increase in provisions reflects both the growth of the portfolio, as well as a return to more typical pre-pandemic rates of provision. as a percentage of the average financial services portfolio, financial services expenses were 4.5% in 2023 and 3.7% in 2022.
as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings in 2023, including $0.6 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, increased $4.5 million, or 1.7%, from 2022 levels.
see note 1 and note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on financial services.
corporate snap-on's general corporate expenses in 2023 of $113.2 million compared to $108.4 million recorded in 2022. the year-over-year increase primarily reflects higher stock-based and performance-based compensation expense.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
quarterly data
(amounts in millions, except per share data)                                    first                         second                          third                         fourth                         total quarter                        quarter                        quarter                        quarter
2023
net sales                                                               $1,183.0                       $1,191.3                       $1,159.3                       $1,196.6                       $4,730.2
gross profit                                                               589.6                          603.7                          578.2                          577.6                        2,349.1
financial services revenue                                                  92.6                           93.4                           94.9                           97.2                          378.1
financial services expenses                                               (26.3)                         (26.5)                         (25.5)                         (29.3)                        (107.6)
net earnings                                                               254.3                          269.9                          249.1                          261.3                        1,034.6
net earnings attributable to snap-on incorporated                          248.7                          264.0                          243.1                          255.3                        1,011.1
earnings per share - basic*                                                 4.69                           4.98                           4.60                           4.84                          19.11
earnings per share - diluted*                                               4.60                           4.89                           4.51                           4.75                          18.76
cash dividends paid per share                                               1.62                           1.62                           1.62                           1.86                           6.72
first                         second                          third                         fourth                         total quarter                        quarter                        quarter                        quarter
2022
net sales                                                               $1,097.8                       $1,136.6                       $1,102.5                       $1,155.9                       $4,492.8
gross profit                                                               534.3                          553.5                          532.6                          560.7                        2,181.1
financial services revenue                                                  87.7                           86.4                           87.3                           88.3                          349.7
financial services expenses                                               (17.3)                         (21.1)                         (20.9)                         (24.4)                         (83.7)
net earnings                                                               222.7                          237.2                          229.5                          244.5                          933.9
net earnings attributable to snap-on incorporated                          217.4                          231.5                          223.9                          238.9                          911.7
earnings per share - basic*                                                 4.07                           4.34                           4.21                           4.50                          17.14
earnings per share - diluted*                                               4.00                           4.27                           4.14                           4.42                          16.82
cash dividends paid per share                                               1.42                           1.42                           1.42                           1.62                           5.88
*        amounts may not total to annual earnings per share because each quarter and year are calculated separately based on basic and diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding during each respective period.
snap-on incorporated fourth quarter results of operations for the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022 are as follows:
fourth quarter
(amounts in millions)                                                                                         2023                                                     2022                                           change net sales                                                                  $1,196.6                      100.0   %                  $1,155.9                      100.0   %                $40.7                     3.5   %
cost of goods sold                                                          (619.0)                     (51.7)   %                   (595.2)                     (51.5)   %               (23.8)                   (4.0)   %
gross profit                                                                  577.6                       48.3   %                     560.7                       48.5   %                 16.9                     3.0   %
operating expenses                                                          (319.7)                     (26.7)   %                   (312.7)                     (27.0)   %                (7.0)                   (2.2)   %
operating earnings before financial services                                  257.9                       21.6   %                     248.0                       21.5   %                  9.9                     4.0   %
financial services revenue                                                     97.2                      100.0   %                      88.3                      100.0   %                  8.9                    10.1   %
financial services expenses                                                  (29.3)                     (30.1)   %                    (24.4)                     (27.6)   %                (4.9)                  (20.1)   %
operating earnings from financial services                                     67.9                       69.9   %                      63.9                       72.4   %                  4.0                     6.3   %
operating earnings                                                            325.8                       25.2   %                     311.9                       25.1   %                 13.9                     4.5   %
interest expense                                                             (12.5)                      (1.0)   %                    (12.0)                      (1.0)   %                (0.5)                   (4.2)   %
other income (expense) - net                                                   17.5                        1.4   %                      11.8                        1.0   %                  5.7                    48.3   %
earnings before income taxes                                                  330.8                       25.6   %                     311.7                       25.1   %                 19.1                     6.1   %
income tax expense                                                           (69.5)                      (5.4)   %                    (67.2)                      (5.4)   %                (2.3)                   (3.4)   %
net earnings                                                                  261.3                       20.2   %                     244.5                       19.7   %                 16.8                     6.9   %
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (6.0)                      (0.5)   %                     (5.6)                      (0.5)   %                (0.4)                   (7.1)   %
net earnings attributable to snap-on inc.                                    $255.3                       19.7   %                    $238.9                       19.2   %                $16.4                     6.9   %
percentage disclosure: all income statement line item percentages below "operating earnings from financial services" are calculated as a percentage of the sum of net sales and financial services revenue.
net sales of $1,196.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 represented an increase of $40.7 million, or 3.5%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $26.1 million, or 2.2%, organic gain, $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales, and $9.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation.
gross profit of $577.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $560.7 million last year, an increase of $16.9 million or 3.0%. gross margin in the quarter declined 20 bps from the fourth quarter of 2022 primarily due to 20 bps of unfavorable foreign currency effects. benefits from lower material and other costs, and savings from the company's rci initiatives, were offset by increased sales in lower-gross-margin businesses.
operating expenses of $319.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $312.7 million in 2022. operating expenses as a percentage of net sales improved 30 bps from last year, primarily reflecting lower corporate expenses and benefits from higher sales volumes, partially offset by increased personnel and other costs.
operating earnings before financial services of $257.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $248.0 million in 2022, an increase of $9.9 million or 4.0%. as a percentage of net sales, operating earnings before financial services were 21.6% compared to 21.5% last year.
financial services revenue of $97.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $88.3 million last year. financial services operating earnings of $67.9 million in the period compared to $63.9 million in 2022.
operating earnings of $325.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $311.9 million in 2022, an increase of $13.9 million or 4.5%. as a percentage of revenues, operating earnings were 25.2% in the quarter compared to 25.1% last year.
interest expense in the fourth quarter of 2023 increased $0.5 million compared to last year. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on debt and credit facilities.
other income (expense) - net primarily includes net gains and losses associated with hedging and currency exchange rate transactions, non-service components of net periodic benefit costs, and interest income. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on other income (expense) - net.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to snap-on in the fourth quarter was 21.4% in 2023 and 22.0% in 2022. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
net earnings attributable to snap-on of $255.3 million, or $4.75 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $238.9 million, or $4.42 per diluted share, in 2022, an increase of $16.4 million or $0.33 per diluted share.
segment results commercial & industrial group fourth quarter
(amounts in millions)                                                            2023                                                   2022                                           change external net sales                              $296.7                       81.5   %                  $258.2                       75.2   %                $38.5                    14.9   %
intersegment net sales                            67.2                       18.5   %                    85.0                       24.8   %               (17.8)                  (20.9)   %
segment net sales                                363.9                      100.0   %                   343.2                      100.0   %                 20.7                     6.0   %
cost of goods sold                             (221.3)                     (60.8)   %                 (213.8)                     (62.3)   %                (7.5)                   (3.5)   %
gross profit                                     142.6                       39.2   %                   129.4                       37.7   %                 13.2                    10.2   %
operating expenses                              (88.5)                     (24.3)   %                  (81.5)                     (23.7)   %                (7.0)                   (8.6)   %
segment operating earnings                       $54.1                       14.9   %                   $47.9                       14.0   %                 $6.2                    12.9   %
segment net sales of $363.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 represented an increase of $20.7 million, or 6.0%, from 2022 levels, reflecting an $11.6 million, or 3.3%, organic gain, $5.5 million of acquisition-related sales, and $3.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. the organic increase is primarily due to a double-digit gain in sales to customers in critical industries, partially offset by a double-digit decline in sales of power tools.
segment gross margin in the fourth quarter improved 150 bps from last year, primarily reflecting increased sales volumes in the higher-gross-margin critical industry sector, pricing actions, savings from the segment's rci initiatives, and 30 bps of benefits from acquisitions. these improvements were partially offset by 60 bps of unfavorable foreign currency effects.
segment operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in the fourth quarter rose 60 bps as compared to 2022 primarily due to a 30 bps impact from acquisitions and increased personnel and other costs.
as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings of $54.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, including $1.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $47.9 million in 2022, an increase of $6.2 million or 12.9%. operating margin for the commercial & industrial group of 14.9% in the quarter compared to 14.0% last year.
snap-on tools group fourth quarter
(amounts in millions)                                                            2023                                                   2022            change segment net sales                               $513.3                      100.0   %                  $542.7                      100.0   %            $(29.4)                   (5.4)   %
cost of goods sold                             (281.2)                     (54.8)   %                 (308.3)                     (56.8)   %                 27.1      8.8                %
gross profit                                     232.1                       45.2   %                   234.4                       43.2   %            (2.3)                     (1.0)   %
operating expenses                             (121.1)                     (23.6)   %                 (118.3)                     (21.8)   %            (2.8)                     (2.4)   %
segment operating earnings                      $111.0                       21.6   %                  $116.1                       21.4   %            $(5.1)                    (4.4)   %
segment net sales of $513.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 represented a decrease of $29.4 million, or 5.4%, from 2022 levels, reflecting a $31.0 million, or 5.7%, organic sales decline, partially offset by $1.6 million of favorable foreign currency translation. the organic decrease is due to a high single-digit decline in the u.s. operations, partially offset by a mid single-digit gain in the segment's international operations.
segment gross margin in the fourth quarter improved 200 bps from last year, primarily reflecting decreased sales of lower-gross-margin products.
segment operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in the fourth quarter rose 180 bps as compared to 2022 primarily due to the lower sales volumes.
snap-on incorporated as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings of $111.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, including $0.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency effects, compared to $116.1 million in 2022, a decrease of $5.1 million, or 4.4%. operating margin for the snap‐on tools group of 21.6% in the quarter compared to 21.4% last year.
repair systems & information group fourth quarter
(amounts in millions)                                                            2023                                                   2022                                           change external net sales                              $386.6                       85.8   %                  $355.0                       81.1   %                $31.6                     8.9   %
intersegment net sales                            64.2                       14.2   %                    82.9                       18.9   %               (18.7)                  (22.6)   %
segment net sales                                450.8                      100.0   %                   437.9                      100.0   %                 12.9                     2.9   %
cost of goods sold                             (247.9)                     (55.0)   %                 (241.0)                     (55.0)   %                (6.9)                   (2.9)   %
gross profit                                     202.9                       45.0   %                   196.9                       45.0   %                  6.0                     3.0   %
operating expenses                              (89.6)                     (19.9)   %                  (86.3)                     (19.7)   %                (3.3)                   (3.8)   %
segment operating earnings                      $113.3                       25.1   %                  $110.6                       25.3   %                 $2.7                     2.4   %
segment net sales of $450.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 represented an increase of $12.9 million, or 2.9%, from 2022 levels, reflecting an $8.8 million, or 2.0%, organic sales increase and $4.1 million of favorable foreign currency translation. the organic gain includes a high single-digit increase in activity with oem dealerships and a mid single-digit gain in sales of undercar equipment, partially offset by a high single-digit decline in sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers.
segment gross margin in the fourth quarter was unchanged from last year with benefits from lower material and other costs and savings from rci initiatives, offset by increased sales in lower-gross-margin businesses.
segment operating expenses as a percentage of net sales in the fourth quarter rose 20 bps from 2022, primarily reflecting increased personnel and other costs.
as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings of $113.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, including $0.4 million of favorable foreign currency effects, compared to $110.6 million in 2022, an increase of $2.7 million or 2.4%. operating margin for the repair systems & information group of 25.1% in the quarter compared to 25.3% last year.
financial services fourth quarter
(amounts in millions)               2023                                                                                             2022                                change financial services revenue                       $97.2                      100.0   %                $88.3                      100.0   %      $8.9                    10.1   %
financial services expenses                     (29.3)                     (30.1)   %               (24.4)                     (27.6)   %     (4.9)                  (20.1)   %
segment operating earnings                       $67.9                       69.9   %                $63.9                       72.4   %      $4.0                     6.3   %
financial services revenue of $97.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 increased $8.9 million, or 10.1%, from last year. in the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, the respective average yields on finance receivables were 17.8% and 17.6%. in the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, the average yields on contract receivables were 8.9% and 8.6%, respectively. originations of $303.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 represented an increase of $3.4 million, or 1.1%, from 2022 levels.
financial services expenses in the fourth quarter of 2023 increased primarily due to higher provisions for credit losses as compared to those recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. the increase in provisions reflects both the growth of the portfolio, as well as a return to more typical pre-pandemic rates of provision. as a percentage of the average financial services portfolio, financial services expenses were 1.2% in the fourth quarter of 2023 and 1.1% in 2022.
as a result of these factors, segment operating earnings in the fourth quarter of 2023 increased $4.0 million, or 6.3%, from 2022 levels.
see note 1 and note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on financial services.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
corporate snap-on's fourth quarter 2023 general corporate expenses of $20.5 million compared to $26.6 million last year. the year-over-year decrease in corporate expenses primarily reflects the recovery of costs associated with a legal matter.
non-gaap supplemental data the following non-gaap supplemental data is presented for informational purposes to provide readers with insight into the information used by management for assessing the operating performance of snap-on's non-financial services ("operations") and financial services businesses.
the supplemental operations data reflects the results of operations and financial position of snap-on's tools, diagnostics, equipment products, software, and other non-financial services operations with financial services presented on the equity method. the supplemental financial services data reflects the results of operations and financial position of snap-on's u.s. and international financial services operations. the financing needs of financial services are met through intersegment borrowings and cash generated from operations; financial services is charged interest expense on intersegment borrowings at market rates. income taxes are charged to financial services on the basis of the specific tax attributes generated by the u.s. and international financial services businesses. transactions between the operations and financial services businesses are eliminated to arrive at the consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap supplemental consolidating data - supplemental statements of earnings information for 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
operations*                                           financial services
(amounts in millions)                                                                   2023                         2022                                  2023                            2022
net sales                                                                        $4,730.2                     $4,492.8                                  $-                              $-
cost of goods sold                                                              (2,381.1)                    (2,311.7)                                   -                               -
gross profit                                                                      2,349.1                      2,181.1                                   -                               -
operating expenses                                                              (1,309.2)                    (1,239.9)                                   -                               -
operating earnings before financial services                                      1,039.9                        941.2                                   -                               -
financial services revenue                                                              -                            -                               378.1                           349.7
financial services expenses                                                             -                            -                             (107.6)                          (83.7)
operating earnings from financial services                                              -                            -                               270.5                           266.0
operating earnings                                                                1,039.9                        941.2                               270.5                           266.0
interest expense                                                                   (49.9)                       (47.1)                                   -                               -
intersegment interest income (expense) - net                                         63.9                         59.3                              (63.9)                          (59.3)
other income (expense) - net                                                         67.3                         42.3                                 0.2                             0.2
earnings before income taxes and equity earnings                                  1,121.2                        995.7                               206.8                           206.9
income tax expense                                                                (241.6)                      (215.6)                              (51.8)                          (53.1)
earnings before equity earnings                                                     879.6                        780.1                               155.0                           153.8
financial services - net earnings attributable to snap-on                           155.0                        153.8                                   -                               -
net earnings                                                                      1,034.6                        933.9                               155.0                           153.8
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                              (23.5)                       (22.2)                                   -                               -
net earnings attributable to snap-on                                             $1,011.1                       $911.7                              $155.0                          $153.8
* snap-on with financial services presented on the equity method.
snap-on incorporated non-gaap supplemental consolidating data - supplemental balance sheet information as of 2023 and 2022 year end is as follows:
operations*                                               financial services
(amounts in millions)                                                  2023                          2022                           2023                              2022
assets current assets:
cash and cash equivalents                                      $1,001.3                        $757.1                          $0.2                              $0.1
intersegment receivables                                           15.7                          13.4                             -                                 -
trade and other accounts receivable - net                         790.6                         761.1                           0.7                               0.6
finance receivables - net                                             -                             -                         594.1                             562.2
contract receivables - net                                          5.5                           5.9                         115.3                             104.0
inventories - net                                               1,005.9                       1,033.1                             -                                 -
prepaid expenses and other current assets                         143.2                         149.2                           7.4                               5.8
total current assets                                            2,962.2                       2,719.8                         717.7                             672.7
property and equipment - net                                      536.5                         510.7                           2.8                               1.9
operating lease right-of-use assets                                73.8                          60.1                           0.9                               1.4
investment in financial services                                  393.9                         363.9                             -                                 -
deferred income tax assets                                         51.3                          48.4                          24.7                              21.6
intersegment long-term notes receivable                           785.6                         635.9                             -                                 -
long-term finance receivables - net                                   -                             -                       1,284.2                           1,170.8
long-term contract receivables - net                                8.3                           9.6                         399.6                             374.2
goodwill                                                        1,097.4                       1,045.3                             -                                 -
other intangible assets - net                                     268.9                         275.6                             -                                 -
pension assets                                                    130.5                          70.6                             -                                 -
other long-term assets                                             30.2                          27.1                           0.1                               0.1
total assets                                                   $6,338.6                      $5,767.0                      $2,430.0                          $2,242.7
* snap-on with financial services presented on the equity method.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
non-gaap supplemental consolidating data - supplemental balance sheet information (continued):
operations*                                               financial services
(amounts in millions)                                                           2023                          2022                           2023                              2022
liabilities and equity current liabilities:
notes payable                                                              $15.6                         $17.2                            $-                                $-
accounts payable                                                           236.2                         285.8                           1.8                               1.2
intersegment payables                                                          -                             -                          15.7                              13.4
accrued benefits                                                            64.4                          58.6                             -                                 -
accrued compensation                                                        99.9                          95.6                           3.0                               3.0
franchisee deposits                                                         73.3                          73.8                             -                                 -
other accrued liabilities                                                  432.2                         420.8                          27.4                              25.8
total current liabilities                                                  921.6                         951.8                          47.9                              43.4
long-term debt and intersegment long-term debt                                 -                             -                       1,970.2                           1,819.7
deferred income tax liabilities                                             79.2                          82.1                             -                                 -
retiree health care benefits                                                21.8                          23.4                             -                                 -
pension liabilities                                                         82.3                          78.6                             -                                 -
operating lease liabilities                                                 54.0                          43.6                           0.6                               1.1
other long-term liabilities                                                 86.3                          84.0                          17.4                              14.6
total liabilities                                                        1,245.2                       1,263.5                       2,036.1                           1,878.8
total shareholders' equity attributable to snap-on                       5,071.3                       4,481.3                         393.9                             363.9
noncontrolling interests                                                    22.1                          22.2                             -                                 -
total equity                                                             5,093.4                       4,503.5                         393.9                             363.9
total liabilities and equity                                            $6,338.6                      $5,767.0                      $2,430.0                          $2,242.7
* snap-on with financial services presented on the equity method.
snap-on incorporated liquidity and capital resources snap-on's growth has historically been funded by a combination of cash provided by operating activities and debt financing. snap-on believes that its cash from operations and collections of finance receivables, coupled with its sources of borrowings and available cash on hand, are sufficient to fund its currently anticipated requirements for scheduled debt repayments, payments of interest and dividends, new receivables originated by our financial services businesses, capital expenditures, working capital, the funding of pension plans, and funding for share repurchases and acquisitions, if and as they arise.
due to snap-on's credit rating over the years, external funds have been available at an acceptable cost. as of february 9, 2024, snap-on's long-term debt and commercial paper were rated, respectively: a2 and p-1 by moody's investors service; a- and a-2 by standard & poor's; and a and f1 by fitch ratings. snap-on believes that its current credit arrangements are sound and that the strength of its balance sheet affords the company the financial flexibility, including through access to financial markets for potential new financing, to respond to both internal growth opportunities and those available through acquisitions. however, snap-on cannot provide any assurance that financing will be available in the future on acceptable terms, or that its debt ratings will not decrease.
the following discussion focuses on information included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
as of 2023 year end, working capital (current assets less current liabilities) of $2,710.4 million represented an increase of $313.1 million from $2,397.3 million as of 2022 year end primarily as a result of other net changes in working capital discussed below.
the following represents the company's working capital position as of 2023 and 2022 year end:
(amounts in millions)                                                 2023                         2022
cash and cash equivalents                                      $1,001.5                       $757.2
trade and other accounts receivable - net                         791.3                        761.7
finance receivables - net                                         594.1                        562.2
contract receivables - net                                        120.8                        109.9
inventories - net                                               1,005.9                      1,033.1
prepaid expenses and other current assets                         138.4                        144.8
total current assets                                            3,652.0                      3,368.9
notes payable                                                    (15.6)                       (17.2)
accounts payable                                                (238.0)                      (287.0)
other current liabilities                                       (688.0)                      (667.4)
total current liabilities                                       (941.6)                      (971.6)
working capital                                                $2,710.4                     $2,397.3
cash and cash equivalents of $1,001.5 million as of 2023 year end represented an increase of $244.3 million from 2022 year-end levels primarily due to: (i) $1,154.2 million of cash generated from operations; (ii) $833.5 million of cash from collections of finance receivables; and (iii) $113.6 million of cash proceeds from stock purchase plan and stock option exercises. these increases in cash and cash equivalents were partially offset by: (i) the funding of $1,029.0 million of new finance receivables; (ii) dividend payments to shareholders of $355.6 million; (iii) the repurchase of 1,126,000 shares of the company's common stock for $294.7 million; (iv) the funding of $95.0 million for capital expenditures; (v) the funding of $42.6 million for acquisitions; and (vi) net repayments of other short-term borrowings of $1.7 million.
of the $1,001.5 million of cash and cash equivalents as of 2023 year end, $394.9 million was held outside of the united states. snap-on maintains non-u.s. funds in its foreign operations to: (i) provide adequate working capital; (ii) satisfy various regulatory requirements; and/or (iii) take advantage of business expansion opportunities as they arise. although the tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act") generally eliminated u.s. federal taxation of dividends from foreign subsidiaries, such dividends may still be subject to state income taxation and foreign withholding taxes. snap-on periodically evaluates its cash held outside the united states and may pursue opportunities to repatriate certain foreign cash amounts to the extent that it can be accomplished in a tax efficient manner.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
trade and other accounts receivable - net of $791.3 million as of 2023 year end represented an increase of $29.6 million from 2022 year-end levels primarily due to higher sales, $9.3 million of foreign currency translation and $4.1 million from acquisitions. days sales outstanding (trade and other accounts receivable - net as of the respective period end, divided by the respective trailing 12 months sales, times 360 days) was 60 days and 61 days at the respective 2023 and 2022 year ends.
the current portions of net finance and contract receivables of $714.9 million as of 2023 year end compared to $672.1 million at 2022 year end. the long-term portions of net finance and contract receivables of $1,692.1 million as of 2023 year end compared to $1,554.6 million at 2022 year end. the combined $180.3 million increase in net current and long-term finance and contract receivables compared to 2022 year-end levels is primarily due to an increase in net receivable originations and $9.1 million of foreign currency translation.
inventories - net of $1,005.9 million as of 2023 year end decreased $27.2 million from 2022 year-end levels primarily due to $47.8 million of inventory reductions as a result of easing supply chain disruptions, partially offset by $16.6 million of foreign currency translation and $4.0 million related to acquisitions. as of 2023 and 2022 year end, inventory turns (trailing 12 months of cost of goods sold, divided by the average of the beginning and ending inventory balance for the trailing 12 months) were 2.3 turns and 2.5 turns, respectively. inventories accounted for using the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method as of 2023 and 2022 year end approximated 59% and 61% of total inventories, respectively. all other inventories are accounted for using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method. the company's lifo reserve was $115.9 million and $108.6 million at 2023 and 2022 year end, respectively.
notes payable of $15.6 million as of 2023 year end compared to $17.2 million as of 2022 year end. average notes payable outstanding were $17.5 million and $18.6 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the 2023 weighted-average interest rate on such borrowings of 11.0% compared with 9.9% in 2022. at 2023 year end, the weighted-average rate on outstanding notes payable of 11.1% compared with 10.9% in 2022.
accounts payable of $238.0 million as of 2023 year end represented a decrease of $49.0 million from 2022 year-end levels, primarily due to the timing of payments, partially offset by $3.0 million of foreign currency translation and $1.6 million related to acquisitions.
other accrued liabilities of $447.4 million as of 2023 year end represented an increase of $11.0 million from 2022 year-end levels, primarily due to higher income tax and other tax accruals, $3.7 million of foreign currency translation and $0.8 million related to acquisitions.
long-term debt of $1,184.6 million as of 2023 year end consisted of: (i) $300.0 million of unsecured 3.25% notes that mature on march 1, 2027 (the "2027 notes"); (ii) $400.0 million of unsecured 4.10% notes that mature on march 1, 2048 ("the 2048 notes"); and (iii) $500.0 million of 3.10% notes that mature on may 1, 2050 (the "2050 notes"), partially offset by $15.4 million of unamortized debt issuance costs and issuance discounts.
on september 12, 2023, snap-on entered into a $900 million multicurrency revolving credit facility that terminates on september 12, 2028 (the "credit facility"), which amended and restated in its entirety snap-on's previous $800 million multicurrency revolving credit facility that was set to terminate on september 16, 2024. the credit facility contains an accordion feature that, subject to certain customary conditions, may allow the maximum commitment to be increased by up to $450 million with the approval of the lenders providing additional commitments. no amounts were borrowed or outstanding under either credit facility during the years ended and as of december 30, 2023 or december 31, 2022.
borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at varying rates based on either: (i) snap-on's then-current, long-term debt ratings; or (ii) snap-on's then-current ratio of consolidated debt net of certain cash adjustments ("consolidated net debt") to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and certain other adjustments for the preceding four fiscal quarters then ended (the "consolidated net debt to ebitda ratio"). the credit facility's financial covenant requires that snap-on maintain, as of each fiscal quarter end, either (i) a ratio not greater than 0.60 to 1.00 of consolidated net debt to the sum of consolidated net debt plus total equity and less accumulated other comprehensive income or loss (the "leverage ratio"); or (ii) a consolidated net debt to ebitda ratio not greater than 3.50 to 1.00. snap-on may, up to two times during any five-year period during the term of the credit facility (including any extensions thereof), elect to increase the maximum leverage ratio to 0.65 to 1.00 and/or increase the maximum consolidated net debt to ebitda ratio to 4.00 to 1.00 for four consecutive fiscal quarters in connection with certain material acquisitions (as defined in the related credit agreement). as of december 30, 2023, the company's actual ratios of 0.05 and 0.18 respectively, were both within the permitted ranges set forth in this financial covenant. snap-on generally issues commercial paper to fund its financing needs on a short-term basis and uses the credit facility as back-up liquidity to support such commercial paper issuances. there was no commercial paper issued or outstanding during the years ended and as of december 30, 2023 or december 31, 2022.
snap-on incorporated snap-on's credit facility and other debt agreements also contain certain usual and customary borrowing, affirmative, negative and maintenance covenants. as of 2023 year end, snap-on was in compliance with all covenants of its credit facility and other debt agreements.
snap-on believes it has sufficient available cash and access to both committed and uncommitted credit facilities to cover its expected funding needs on both a short-term and long-term basis. snap-on manages its aggregate short-term borrowings so as not to exceed its availability under the credit facility. snap-on believes that it can access short-term debt markets, predominantly through commercial paper issuances and existing lines of credit, to fund its short-term requirements and to ensure near-term liquidity. snap-on regularly monitors the credit and financial markets and, if it believes conditions are favorable, it may take advantage of such conditions to issue long-term debt to further improve its liquidity and capital resources. near-term liquidity requirements for snap-on include payments of interest and dividends, funding to support new receivables originated by our financial services businesses, capital expenditures, working capital, the funding of pension plans, and funding for share repurchases and acquisitions, if and as they arise. snap-on intends to make contributions of $6.0 million to its foreign pension plans and $3.7 million to its domestic pension plans in 2024, as required by law. depending on market and other conditions, snap-on may make discretionary cash contributions to its pension plans in 2024.
snap-on's long-term financing strategy is to maintain continuous access to the debt markets to accommodate its liquidity needs, including the potential use of commercial paper, additional fixed-term debt and/or securitizations.
the following discussion focuses on information included in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows.
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $1,154.2 million in 2023 increased $479.0 million from $675.2 million in 2022. the $479.0 million increase is primarily due to a $352.9 million change in net operating assets and liabilities, and a $100.7 million increase in net earnings.
depreciation expense was $72.2 million in 2023 and $71.5 million in 2022. amortization expense was $27.1 million in 2023 and $28.7 million in 2022. see note 6 and note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for information on property and equipment and goodwill and other intangible assets.
investing activities net cash used by investing activities of $331.8 million in 2023 included additions to finance receivables of $1,029.0 million, partially offset by collections of $833.5 million. net cash used by investing activities of $206.2 million in 2022 included additions to finance receivables of $955.8 million, partially offset by collections of $826.9 million. finance receivables are comprised of extended-term installment payment contracts to both technicians and independent shop owners (i.e., franchisees' customers) to enable them to purchase tools, diagnostics, and equipment products on an extended-term payment plan, with average payment terms of approximately four years.
net cash used by investing activities in 2023 also included $42.6 million for the acquisitions of mountz and savteq. net cash used by investing activities in 2022 included $0.5 million of cash provided by acquisitions. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about acquisitions.
capital expenditures in 2023 and 2022 totaled $95.0 million and $84.2 million, respectively. capital expenditures in both years included continued investments related to the company's execution of its strategic value creation processes. the company also invested in: (i) new product, efficiency, safety and cost reduction initiatives that are intended to expand and improve its manufacturing and distribution capabilities worldwide; (ii) new production and machine tooling to enhance manufacturing operations, as well as ongoing replacements of manufacturing and distribution equipment, particularly in the united states; and (iii) the ongoing enhancement of the company's global enterprise resource planning (erp) management information systems. snap-on believes that its cash generated from operations, as well as its available cash on hand and funds available from its credit facilities will be sufficient to fund the company's capital expenditure requirements in 2024.
financing activities net cash used by financing activities of $572.9 million in 2023 included net repayments of other short-term borrowings of $1.7 million. net cash used by financing activities of $485.0 million in 2022 included net proceeds from other short-term borrowings of $1.6 million.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
proceeds from stock purchase plan and stock option exercises totaled $113.6 million in 2023 and $55.0 million in 2022. in 2023, snap-on repurchased 1,126,000 shares of its common stock for $294.7 million under its previously announced share repurchase programs. as of 2023 year end, snap-on had remaining availability to repurchase up to an additional $282.9 million in common stock pursuant to its board's authorizations. snap-on repurchased 899,000 shares of its common stock for $198.1 million in 2022. the repurchase of snap-on common stock to offset dilution related to equity plan issuances or for other corporate purposes is at the company's discretion, subject to prevailing financial and market conditions. snap-on believes that its cash generated from operations, available cash on hand, and funds available from its credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund the company's additional share repurchases, if any.
snap-on has paid consecutive quarterly cash dividends, without interruption or reduction, since 1939. cash dividends paid in 2023 and 2022 totaled $355.6 million and $313.1 million, respectively. on november 2, 2023, the company announced that its board increased the quarterly cash dividend by 14.8% to $1.86 per share ($7.44 per share annualized). quarterly dividends in 2023 were $1.86 per share in the fourth quarter and $1.62 per share in the first three quarters ($6.72 per share for the year). quarterly dividends in 2022 were $1.62 per share in the fourth quarter and $1.42 per share in the first three quarters ($5.88 per share for the year).
2023                   2022
cash dividends paid per common share                                                  $6.72                  $5.88
cash dividends paid as a percentage of prior-year retained earnings                     5.6   %                5.5   %
snap-on believes that its cash generated from operations, available cash on hand, and funds available from its credit facilities, will be sufficient to pay dividends in 2024.
contractual obligations and commitments snap-on's contractual obligations for long-term debt and operating and finance leases are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets; see note 9 and note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for information on the company's long-term debt and leases. snap-on also enters into contracts for future purchases in the normal course of business. as of year-end 2023, the company had $138.0 million in purchase commitments to be paid in 2024 and $11.4 million to be paid thereafter.
snap-on intends to make contributions of $6.0 million to its foreign pension plans and $3.7 million to its domestic pension plans in 2024, as required by law. depending on market and other conditions, snap-on may make additional discretionary cash contributions to its pension plans in 2024; see note 11 and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for information on the company's benefit plans and payments.
due to the uncertainty of the timing of settlements with taxing authorities, snap-on is unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement of unrecognized tax benefits totaling $7.5 million for its remaining uncertain tax liabilities. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for information on income taxes.
environmental matters snap-on is subject to various federal, state and local government requirements regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. snap-on's policy is to comply with these requirements and the company believes that, as a general matter, its policies, practices and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage, and of resulting financial liability, in connection with its business. some risk of environmental damage is, however, inherent in some of snap-on's operations and products, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses.
snap-on is and has been engaged in the handling, manufacture, use and disposal of many substances classified as hazardous or toxic by one or more regulatory agencies. snap-on believes that, as a general matter, its handling, manufacture, use and disposal of these substances are in accordance with environmental laws and regulations. it is possible, however, that future knowledge or other developments, such as improved capability to detect substances in the environment or increasingly strict environmental laws and standards and enforcement policies, could affect the company's handling, manufacture, use or disposal of these substances.
snap-on incorporated in recent years there has been increased public awareness, concern and focus on environmental and sustainability issues, including matters related to climate change. the current focus on these matters is expected to result in additional and/or more restrictive regulations, and industry or third-party requirements and standards to reduce or mitigate climate change as well as other environmental or sustainability risks. the timing of certain of these regulations and requirements has yet to be determined. snap-on is monitoring developments in this area.
new accounting standards see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for information on new accounting standards.
critical accounting policies and estimates the consolidated financial statements and related notes contain information that is pertinent to management's discussion and analysis. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. these estimates are generally based on historical experience, current conditions and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources, as well as identifying and assessing our accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. actual results could differ from those estimates.
in addition to the company's significant accounting policies described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, snap-on considers the following policies and estimates to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in the preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements and the uncertainties that could impact the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
allowance for credit losses on finance receivables: the allowance for credit losses on finance receivables is maintained at a level management believes is adequate to cover expected losses in snap-on's finance receivables portfolio as of the reporting date. the allowance represents management's estimate of the expected losses in the company's finance receivables portfolio based on ongoing assessments and evaluations of credit losses over the remaining contractual life of the receivables portfolio considering collectability, historical loss experience, current conditions and future market changes. determination of the proper level of allowance requires management to exercise judgment about the timing, frequency and severity of credit losses that could materially affect the provision for credit losses and, as a result, net earnings. the allowance takes into consideration numerous quantitative and qualitative factors that include receivable type, historical loss experience, delinquency trends, collection experience, current and future economic conditions and credit risk characteristics. some of these factors are influenced by items such as the customers' financial condition, past payment experience, credit bureau and proprietary snap-on credit model information, as well as the value of the underlying collateral. changes in economic conditions and assumptions, including the resulting credit quality metrics relative to the performance of the finance receivables portfolio, create uncertainty and could result in changes to both the allowance for credit losses and provision for credit losses.
management utilizes established policies and procedures in an effort to ensure the estimates and assumptions are well controlled, reviewed and consistently applied. as of december 30, 2023, the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to finance receivables was 3.48%. as of december 31, 2022, the allowance ratio was 3.39%. while management believes it exercises prudent judgment and applies reasonable assumptions in establishing its estimates for allowances for finance receivables, there can be no assurance that changes in economic conditions or other factors would not adversely impact the financial health of our customers and result in changes to the estimates used in the allowance calculation. for reference, a 100 bps increase in the allowance ratios for finance receivables as of december 30, 2023, would have increased snap-on's 2023 provision for credit losses and related allowance for credit losses by approximately $19.4 million.
for additional information on snap-on's allowances for credit losses, see note 1 and note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment of goodwill: goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. annual impairment tests are performed by the company in the second quarter of each year using information available as of april month end.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
snap-on evaluates the recoverability of goodwill by estimating the future discounted cash flows of the businesses to which the goodwill relates. estimated cash flows and related goodwill are grouped at the reporting unit level. the company has determined that its reporting units for testing goodwill impairment are its operating segments or components of an operating segment that constitute a business for which discrete financial information is available and for which segment management regularly reviews the operating results. within its four reportable operating segments, the company has identified 11 reporting units.
snap-on evaluates the recoverability of goodwill by utilizing an income approach that estimates the fair value of the future discounted cash flows of the reporting units to which the goodwill relates. the future projections, which are based on both past performance and the projections and assumptions used in the company's operating plans, are subject to change as a result of changing economic and competitive conditions. this approach reflects management's internal outlook at the reporting units, which management believes provides the best determination of value due to management's insight and experience with the reporting units. significant estimates used by management in the discounted cash flows methodology include estimates of future cash flows based on expected growth rates, price increases, working capital levels, expected benefits from rci initiatives, and a weighted-average cost of capital that reflects the risk profile of the reporting unit being tested. the company's methodologies for valuing goodwill are applied consistently on a year-over-year basis; the assumptions used in performing the second quarter 2023 impairment calculations were evaluated in light of then-current market and business conditions. snap-on continues to believe that the future discounted cash flow valuation model provides the most reasonable and meaningful fair value estimate based upon the reporting units' projections of future operating results and cash flows and replicates how market participants would value the company's reporting units in an orderly transaction.
in the event the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, including goodwill, the company would then record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting units carrying amount over its fair value.
inherent in fair value determinations are significant judgments and estimates, including material assumptions about future revenue, profitability and cash flows, the company's operational plans and its interpretation of current economic indicators. should the operations of the businesses with which goodwill is associated incur significant and unanticipated changes in circumstances, such as declines in profitability and cash flow due to long-term deterioration in macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, the loss of key customers, changes in technology or markets, changes in key personnel or litigation, a sustained decrease in share price and/or other events, some or all of the recorded goodwill could be subject to impairment and could result in a material adverse effect on snap-on's financial position or results of operations.
snap-on completed its annual impairment testing of goodwill in the second quarter of 2023, the results of which did not result in any impairment. as of 2023 year end, the company has no accumulated impairment losses. although the company consistently uses the same methods in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations, such estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. in performing its annual impairment testing the company performed a sensitivity analysis on the material assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation models for each of its 11 reporting units. based on the company's second quarter 2023 impairment testing, and assuming a hypothetical 10% decrease in the estimated fair values of each of its 11 reporting units, the hypothetical fair value of each of the company's 11 reporting units would have been greater than its carrying value. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about goodwill.
pension benefits: the pension benefit obligation and related pension expense are calculated in accordance with gaap and are impacted by certain actuarial assumptions. changes in these assumptions are primarily influenced by factors outside of snap-on's control, such as changes in economic conditions, and can have a significant effect on the amounts reported in the financial statements. snap-on believes that the two most critical assumptions are (i) the expected return on plan assets; and (ii) the assumed discount rate.
snap-on's domestic pension plans have a long-term investment horizon and a total return strategy that emphasizes a capital growth objective. in 2023, the long-term investment performance objective for snap-on's domestic plans' assets was to achieve net of expense returns that met or exceeded the 7.5% domestic expected return on plan assets assumption. snap-on uses a three-year, market-related value asset method of amortizing the difference between actual and expected returns on its domestic plans' assets. as of 2023 year end, snap-on's domestic pension plans' assets comprised approximately 86% of the company's worldwide pension plan assets.
snap-on incorporated based on forward-looking capital market expectations, snap-on selected an expected return on plan assets assumption for its u.s. pension plans of 7.5%, the same rate used in 2023, to be used in determining pension expense for 2024. in estimating the domestic expected return on plan assets, snap-on utilizes a nominal returns forecasting method. for each asset class, future returns are estimated by identifying the premium of riskier asset classes over lower risk alternatives. the methodology constructs expected returns using a "building block" approach to the individual components of total return. these forecasts are stated in both nominal and real (after inflation) terms. this process first considers the long-term historical return premium based on the longest set of data available for each asset class. these premiums, calculated using the geometric mean, are then adjusted based on current relative valuation levels, macro-economic conditions, and the expected alpha related to active investment management. the asset return assumption is also adjusted by an implicit expense load for estimated administrative and investment-related expenses. since asset allocation is a key determinant of expected investment returns, the current and expected mix of plan assets are also considered when setting the assumption.
pension expense increases as the expected rate of return on plan assets decreases. lowering the expected rate of return assumption for snap-on's domestic pension plans' assets by 50 bps would have increased snap-on's 2023 domestic pension expense by approximately $6.2 million.
the objective of snap-on's discount rate assumption is to reflect the rate at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. the domestic discount rate as of 2023 and 2022 year end was selected based on a cash flow matching methodology developed by the company's outside actuaries that incorporates a review of current economic conditions. this methodology matches the plans' yearly projected cash flows for benefits and service costs to those of hypothetical bond portfolios using high-quality, aa rated or better, corporate bonds from either moody's investors service or standard & poor's credit rating agencies available at the measurement date. this technique calculates bond portfolios that produce adequate cash flows to pay the plans' projected yearly benefits and then selects the portfolio with the highest yield and uses that yield as the recommended discount rate.
the selection of the 5.5% weighted-average discount rate for snap-on's domestic pension plans as of 2023 year end (compared to 5.5% as of 2022 year end) represents the single rate that produces the same present value of cash flows as the estimated benefit plan payments. lowering snap-on's domestic discount rate assumption by 50 bps would have increased snap-on's 2023 domestic pension expense and projected benefit obligation by approximately $1.5 million and $48.1 million, respectively. as of 2023 year end, snap-on's domestic projected benefit obligation comprised approximately 84% of snap-on's worldwide projected benefit obligation. the weighted-average discount rate for snap-on's foreign pension plans of 4.3% (compared to 4.8% as of 2022 year end) represents the single rate that produces the same present value of cash flows as the estimated benefit plan payments. lowering snap-on's foreign discount rate assumption by 50 bps would have increased snap-on's 2023 foreign pension expense and projected benefit obligation by approximately $0.9 million and $13.5 million, respectively.
actuarial gains and losses in excess of 10 percent of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or market-related value of assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active participants or over the average remaining life expectancy for plans with primarily inactive participants. prior service costs and credits resulting from plan amendments are amortized in equal annual amounts over the average remaining service period of active participants or over the average remaining life expectancy for plans with primarily inactive participants.
pension income in 2023 was $19.0 million and snap-on expects to have pension income of approximately $8.0 million in 2024, primarily reflecting higher amortization of pension actuarial losses. the projected 2024 pension income is based on benefit plan status, weighted average discount rates, expected returns on plan assets, and other factors. to determine the 2024 net periodic benefit cost, snap-on is using weighted-average discount rates for its domestic and foreign pension plans of 5.5% and 4.3%, respectively, and an expected return on plan assets for its domestic pension plans of 7.5%. the expected returns on plan assets for foreign pension plans ranged from 2.2% to 6.7% as of 2023 year end. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on pension plans.
2023 annual report management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
outlook we believe that our markets and our operations possess and have demonstrated continuing and considerable resilience against the uncertainties of the current environment. in 2024, snap-on expects to make ongoing progress along its defined runways for coherent growth, leveraging capabilities already demonstrated in the automotive repair arena and developing and expanding its professional customer base, not only in automotive repair, but in adjacent markets, additional geographies and other areas, including extending in critical industries, where the cost and penalties for failure can be high. in pursuit of these initiatives, it is projected that capital expenditures in 2024 will be in a range of $100 million to $110 million.
snap-on currently anticipates that its full-year 2024 effective income tax rate will be in the range of 22% to 23%.
snap-on incorporated
