item 1a.risk factors this section describes certain risk factors that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. you should consider these risk factors when evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k, because our actual results and financial condition might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements should these risks occur. we face other risks besides those highlighted below. these other risks include additional uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial, but may ultimately have a significant impact. in addition, the impacts of ongoing geopolitical conflicts, including the russia-ukraine and israel-hamas military conflicts, and the ongoing inflationary environment may also exacerbate any of these risks, which could have a material effect on us. although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. should any of these risks, described below or otherwise, actually occur, our business, financial condition, performance, prospects, value, or results of operations could be negatively affected.
legal, regulatory and tax risks doing business internationally compliance with multiple, and potentially conflicting, international laws and regulations, import and export limitations, anti-corruption laws, and exchange controls may be difficult, burdensome or expensive.
we are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, and similar anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. we are also subject to limitations on trade with persons in sanctioned countries. while our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws, we cannot assure you that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics.
changes in economic climate may adversely affect us.
adverse economic cycles or conditions, and customer, regulatory or government responses to those cycles or conditions, have affected and could further affect our results of operations. the onset of these cycles or conditions may not be foreseeable and there can be no assurance when they will begin to improve after they occur. there also can be no assurance as to the strength or length of any recovery from a business downturn or recession. credit and liquidity problems may make it difficult for some businesses to access credit markets and obtain financing and may cause some businesses to curtail spending to conserve cash in anticipation of persistent business slowdowns and liquidity needs. if our customers have difficulty financing their purchases due to tight credit markets or related factors or because of other operational or utilization problems they may be experiencing or otherwise decide to curtail their purchases, our business could be adversely affected. our exposure to bad debt losses could also increase if customers are unable to pay for products previously ordered and delivered.
some of our customers are governmental entities or other entities that rely on government healthcare systems or government funding. if government funding for healthcare becomes limited or restricted in countries in which we operate, including as a result of the impacts of a pandemic or its residual effects, our customers may be unable to pay their obligations on a timely basis or to make payment in full and it may become necessary to increase reserves. in addition, there can be no assurance that there will not be an increase in collection difficulties. prospectively, additional adverse effects resulting from these conditions may include decreased healthcare utilization, further pricing pressure on our products and services, and/or weaker overall demand for our products and services, particularly capital products.
the effects of geopolitical instability, including as a result of the russia-ukraine and israel-hamas military conflicts, may adversely affect us and create significant risks and uncertainties for our business, with the ultimate impact dependent on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable.
ongoing geopolitical instability, including as a result of the russia-ukraine and israel-hamas military conflicts, has negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, the global and u.s. economies, including by causing supply chain disruptions, rising energy costs, volatility in capital markets and foreign currency exchange rates, rising interest rates and heightened cybersecurity risks. the extent to which such geopolitical instability adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our liquidity and capital profile, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. if geopolitical instability adversely affects us, it may also have the effect of heightening other risks related to our business.
in response to the military conflict between russia and ukraine that began in february 2022, the united states and other north atlantic treaty organization member states, as well as non-member states, announced targeted economic sanctions on russia. the long-term impact on our business resulting from the disruption of trade in the region caused by the conflict and associated sanctions and boycotts is uncertain at this time due to the fluid nature of the ongoing military conflict and response. the potential impacts include supply chain and logistics disruptions, financial impacts including volatility in foreign exchange and interest rates, increased inflationary pressure on raw materials and energy, and other risks, including an elevated risk of cybersecurity threats and the potential for further sanctions. we have stopped commercial operations in russia and belarus, which includes shipments to customers and purchases of cobalt-60 from our russian supplier. a long-term disruption in cobalt-60 sourced from russia may negatively impact gamma processing capacity or increase costs in certain portions of our ast operations.
the covid-19 pandemic disrupted our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition if further significant disruptions occur.
the covid-19 pandemic, along with the response to the pandemic by governmental and other actors, disrupted our operations. we experienced temporary mandatory and voluntary facility closures in certain jurisdictions in which we operate and experienced less demand for certain of our products and services as a result of reduced volume of medical procedures, and other factors, which we believe was exacerbated by the impact of stay-at-home orders and government responses to covid-19. additionally, the covid-19 outbreak caused disruptions and rising costs in our labor supply and supply chain and distribution network.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and its residual effects continues to evolve and its ultimate duration, severity and disruption to our business, customers and supply chain, and the related financial impact to us, cannot be accurately forecasted at this time. for instance, the enduring effects of the covid-19 pandemic may put pressure on overall spending for our products and services, and may cause our customers to modify spending priorities or delay or abandon purchasing decisions. moreover, because a large number of our employees have worked and are expected to continue to work from home routinely, we may be subject to increased vulnerability to cyber and other information technology risks. we have modified, and may further modify, our business practices in response to the risks and negative impacts associated with the covid-19 pandemic. however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be temporary or successful. furthermore, future public health crises are possible and could involve some or all of the risks discussed above.
healthcare laws and reimbursement changes in healthcare laws or government and other third-party payor reimbursement levels to healthcare providers, or failure to meet healthcare reimbursement or other requirements, might negatively impact our business.
we sell many of our products and services to hospitals and other healthcare providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers. many of these customers are subject to or supported by government programs or receive reimbursement for services from third-party payors, such as government programs, including medicare and medicaid in the u.s., private insurance plans, and managed care programs. reimbursement systems vary significantly by country. government-managed healthcare systems control reimbursement for healthcare services in many countries. public budgetary constraints may significantly impact the ability of hospitals, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and other customers supported by such systems to purchase our products. government or other third-party payors may deny or change coverage, reduce their current levels of reimbursement for healthcare services, or otherwise implement measures to regulate pricing or contain costs. in addition, our costs may increase more rapidly than reimbursement levels or permissible pricing increases or we may not satisfy the standards or requirements for reimbursement.
various additional healthcare reform proposals have emerged at the federal and state level, and we are unable to predict which, if any, of those proposals will be enacted.
product and service related regulations and claims we are subject to extensive regulatory requirements and must receive and maintain regulatory clearance or approval for many products and operations. failure to receive or maintain, or delays in receiving, clearance or approvals may negatively impact our revenues, profitability, financial condition, or value.
our operations are subject to extensive regulation in the countries where we do business. in the united states, our products and services are regulated by the fda and other regulatory authorities. in many foreign countries, sales of our products and services are subject to extensive regulations that may or may not be comparable to those of the fda. in europe, our products are regulated primarily by country and community regulations of those countries within the european economic area and must conform to the requirements of those authorities.
government regulation applies to nearly all aspects of testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storing, recordkeeping, reporting, promoting, distributing, and importing or exporting of medical devices, products, and services. in general, unless an exemption applies, a sterilization, decontamination or medical device or product or service must receive regulatory approval or clearance before it can be marketed or sold. modifications to existing products or the marketing of new uses for existing products also may require regulatory approvals, approval supplements or clearances. if there are delays in and/or we are unable to obtain any required approvals, approval supplements or clearances for any modification to a previously cleared or approved device, we may be required to cease manufacturing and sale, or recall or restrict the use of such modified device, pay fines, or take other action until such time as appropriate clearance or approval is obtained. any protraction or de-prioritization or delay in regulatory review could materially affect our ongoing device design, development, and commercialization plans.
regulatory agencies may refuse to grant approval or clearance, or review and disagree with our interpretation of approvals or clearances, or with our decision that regulatory approval is not required or has been maintained. regulatory submissions may require the provision of additional data and may be time consuming and costly, and their outcome is uncertain. regulatory agencies may also change policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, each of which could prevent or delay approval or clearance of devices, or could impact our ability to market a previously cleared, approved, or unregulated device. our failure to comply with the regulatory requirements of the fda or other applicable regulatory requirements in the united states or elsewhere might subject us to administratively or judicially imposed sanctions. these sanctions include, among others, warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, loss of tax benefits, injunctions, product seizure, recalls, suspensions or restrictions, re-labeling, detention, and/or debarment.
our products are subject to recalls and restrictions, even after receiving united states or foreign regulatory clearance or approval.
ongoing medical device reporting regulations require that we report to appropriate governmental authorities in the united states and/or other countries when our products cause or contribute to a death or serious injury or malfunction in a way that would be reasonably likely to contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to reoccur. governmental authorities can require product recalls or impose restrictions for product design, manufacturing, labeling, clearance, or other issues. for the same reasons, we may voluntarily elect to recall or restrict the use of a product. any recall or restriction could divert managerial and financial resources and might harm our reputation among our customers and other healthcare professionals who use or recommend our products and services.
we may be adversely affected by product liability claims or other legal actions or regulatory or compliance matters.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims and other legal and regulatory actions. a significant increase in the number, severity, amount, or scope of these claims and actions may, as described above with respect to recalls and restrictions, result in substantial costs and harm our reputation or otherwise adversely affect product sales and our business. product liability claims and other legal and regulatory actions may also distract management from other business responsibilities.
we are also subject to a variety of other types of claims, proceedings, investigations, and litigation initiated by government agencies or third parties and other potential risks and liabilities. these include compliance matters, product regulation or safety, taxes, employee benefit plans, employment discrimination, health and safety, environmental, antitrust, customs, import/export, government contract compliance, financial controls or reporting, intellectual property, allegations of misrepresentation, false claims or false statements, commercial claims, claims regarding promotion of our products and services, or other similar or different matters. any such claims, proceedings, investigations or litigation, regardless of the merits, might result in substantial costs, restrictions on product use or sales, or otherwise negatively impact our business.
administratively or judicially imposed or agreed sanctions might include warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, loss of tax benefits, injunctions, product seizure, recalls, suspensions or restrictions, re-labeling, detention, and/or debarment. we also might be required to take actions such as payment of substantial amounts, or revision of financial statements, or to take, or be subject to, the following types of actions with respect to our products, services, or business: redesign, re-label, restrict, or recall products; cease manufacturing and selling products; seizure of product inventory; comply with a court injunction restricting or prohibiting further marketing and sale of products or services; comply with a consent decree, which could result in further regulatory constraints; dedication of significant internal and external resources and costs to respond to and comply with legal and regulatory issues and constraints; respond to claims, litigation, and other proceedings brought by customers, users, governmental agencies, and others; disruption of product improvements and product launches; discontinuation of certain product lines or services; or other restrictions or limitations on product sales, use or operation, or other activities or business practices.
some product replacements or substitutions may not be possible or may be prohibitively costly or time consuming. the impact of any legal, regulatory, or compliance claims, proceeding, investigation, or litigation, is difficult to predict.
we maintain product liability and other insurance with coverages believed to be adequate. however, product liability or other claims may exceed insurance coverage limits, fines, penalties and regulatory sanctions may not be covered by insurance, or insurance may not continue to be available or available on commercially reasonable terms. additionally, our insurers might deny claim coverage for valid or other reasons or may become insolvent.
our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by difficulties in acquiring or maintaining a proprietary intellectual ownership position.
to maintain our competitive position for our products, we need to obtain patent or other proprietary rights for new and improved products and to maintain and enforce our existing patents and other proprietary rights. we typically apply for patents in the united states and in strategic other countries. we may also acquire patents through acquisitions. we may encounter difficulties in obtaining or protecting patents.
we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and confidentiality agreements to protect the proprietary aspects of our technology. these measures afford only limited protection, and competitors may gain access to our intellectual property and proprietary information. litigation may be necessary to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, and to determine the validity and scope of our proprietary rights. litigation may also be brought against us claiming that we have violated the intellectual property rights of others. litigation may be costly and may divert management's attention from other matters. additionally, in some foreign countries with weaker intellectual property rights, it may be difficult to maintain and enforce patents and other proprietary rights or defend against claims of infringement.
tax risks we might be adversely impacted by tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions.
we are subject to the tax laws at the federal, state or provincial, and local government levels in the many jurisdictions in which we operate or sell products or services. tax laws might change in ways that adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate and cash flow. the tax laws are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. we are subject to tax examinations in various jurisdictions that might assess additional tax liabilities against us. our tax reporting positions might be challenged by relevant tax authorities, we might incur significant expense in our efforts to defend those challenges, and we might be unsuccessful in those efforts. developments in examinations and challenges might materially change our provision for taxes in the affected periods and might differ materially from our historical tax accruals. any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations, our cash flows and our financial position or results of operations.
current economic and political conditions make tax rules in any jurisdiction subject to significant change.
the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja") was signed into law on december 22, 2017. guidance continues to be issued clarifying the application of this new legislation and new changes have been proposed, and in many instances finalized, with respect to a number of income tax provisions (including foreign tax credit regulations) in the u.s. that could increase our total tax expense. in addition, beginning january 1, 2022, the limitation on deductibility of interest expense, which generally limits a deduction for interest expense to 30% of taxable income (subject to certain adjustments), must be determined by reducing taxable income by depreciation and amortization deductions, which may limit our ability to deduct interest expense in the future. we cannot predict the overall impact that the additional guidance and recent changes may have on our business. some jurisdictions have raised tax rates, and it is reasonable to expect that other global taxing authorities will be reviewing current legislation for potential modifications in reaction to the implementation of the tcja, current economic conditions, and covid-19 response costs.
in august 2022, president biden signed the inflation reduction act (the "ira") into law. one of the provisions in the ira added a corporate alternative minimum tax ("camt") to the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), beginning for fiscal years 2023. if income tax liability in the u.s. is lower than the income tax liability calculated under the camt provisions, we will be subject to additional income taxes in the united states. in addition, the irs added excise tax on certain stock buybacks by publicly traded corporations. even though the excise tax mostly impacts publicly traded companies organized in the u.s., under certain circumstances, the excise tax may be imposed on stock buybacks by a non-u.s. based publicly traded company like us.
in addition, further changes in the tax laws of other jurisdictions will likely arise, including as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project undertaken by the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd"). the oecd, which represents a coalition of member countries, has issued recommendations that, in some cases, would make substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax positions and principles. following the issuance of such recommendation, in december 2022, the european union issued a directive to adopt global base erosion laws (a/k/a globe or pillar two) in the eu member countries, in most cases beginning in fiscal year 2024. many other non-eu member countries agreed to adopt globe between fiscal years 2024 and 2025. the globe rules, once implemented in the eu and other jurisdictions, could subject us to additional income taxes in those jurisdictions if our effective corporate tax rate in those jurisdictions (determined under the globe rules) is below 15%. accordingly, the globe rules could increase tax uncertainty and adversely impact our provision for income taxes. in addition, the globe rules have certain transition period provisions that apply to certain intercompany transactions occurring between december 1, 2021 and the effective date of the globe rules in a given jurisdiction. these transition period provisions may have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate, and subject us to additional income tax, in some of the jurisdictions who adopt the globe rules.
our tax rate is uncertain and may vary from expectations, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and earnings per share.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain any particular worldwide effective corporate tax rate. we cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates operate. our actual effective tax rate may vary from our expectations, and such variance may be material. additionally, tax laws or their implementation and applicable tax authority practices in any particular jurisdiction could change in the future, possibly on a retroactive basis, and any such change could have a material adverse impact on us and our affiliates. in addition, the globe rules, which have been or are expected to be implemented in most of the jurisdictions where we have operations, and the camt may adversely impact our effective corporate tax rate.
changes in tax treaties and trade agreements could negatively impact our costs, results of operations and earnings per share.
legislative and regulatory action may be taken in the u.s. which, if ultimately adopted, could override or otherwise adversely impact tax treaties upon which we rely or broaden the circumstances under which steris plc would be considered a u.s. resident, each of which could materially and adversely affect our tax obligations. we cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative or regulatory proposals. however, if proposals were adopted that had the effect of disregarding our organization in ireland or limiting our ability as an irish company to take advantage of tax treaties with the u.s., we could be subject to increased taxation and/or potentially significant expense.
on june 7, 2017, several countries, including many countries that we operate and have subsidiaries in, adopted the oecd's multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related measures to prevent base erosion and profit shifting (the "mli"), which generally is meant to prevent treaty abuse, improve dispute resolution, prevent the artificial avoidance of permanent establishment status and neutralize the effect of hybrid mismatch agreements. the mli came into affect on july 1, 2018. the mli may modify effected tax treaties making it more difficult for us to obtain advantageous tax-treaty benefits. the number of affected tax treaties could eventually be significant. to date, more than 100 jurisdictions have joined the beps mli, out of which most jurisdictions have ratified, accepted, or approved the mli, and it covers around 1,850 bilateral tax treaties. signatories include jurisdictions from all continents and all levels of development and other jurisdictions are also actively working towards signature. as a result, our income may be taxed in jurisdictions where it is not currently taxed and at higher rates than it is currently taxed, which may increase our effective tax rate.
existing free trade laws and regulations provide certain beneficial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classification and other requirements. changes in laws and regulations or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular, increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results.
proposed legislation relating to the denial of u.s. federal or state governmental contracts to u.s. companies that redomicile abroad could adversely affect our business.
various u.s. federal and state legislative proposals that would deny governmental contracts to redomiciled companies may adversely affect us if adopted into law. we are unable to predict the likelihood that any such proposed legislation might become law, the nature of regulations that may be promulgated under any future legislative enactments, or the effect such enactments or increased regulatory scrutiny could have on our business.
the u.s. internal revenue service (the "irs") may not agree that we are a non-u.s. corporation for u.s. federal tax purposes.
although we are organized under the laws of ireland and are a tax resident in ireland for irish tax purposes, the irs may assert that we should be treated as a u.s. corporation (and, therefore, a u.s. tax resident) for u.s. federal tax purposes pursuant to section 7874 of the code ("section 7874"). for u.s. federal tax purposes, a company generally is considered to be a tax resident in the jurisdiction of its organization. because we are organized under the laws of ireland, we would generally be classified as a non-u.s. corporation (and, therefore, a non-u.s. tax resident) under these rules. section 7874, however, provides an exception to this general rule under which a non-u.s. organized entity may be treated as a u.s. corporation for u.s. federal tax purposes.
if we were to be treated as a u.s. corporation for u.s. federal tax purposes, we could be subject to substantial additional u.s. tax liability. additionally, if we were treated as a u.s. corporation for u.s. federal tax purposes, non-u.s. holders of our ordinary shares would be subject to u.s. withholding tax on the gross amount of any dividends we paid to such shareholders. for irish tax purposes, we are expected, regardless of any application of section 7874, to be treated as an ireland tax resident. consequently, if we are treated as a u.s. corporation for u.s. federal tax purposes under section 7874, we could be liable for both u.s. and ireland taxes, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
business and operational risks our businesses are highly competitive, and if we fail to compete successfully, our revenues and results of operations may be hurt.
we operate in a highly competitive global environment. our businesses compete with other broad-line manufacturers, as well as many smaller businesses specializing in particular products or services, primarily on the basis of brand, design, quality, safety, ease of use, serviceability, price, product features, warranty, delivery, service, and technical support. we face increased competition from new infection prevention, sterile processing, contamination control, surgical support, cleaning consumables, gastrointestinal endoscopy accessories, contract sterilization, and other products and services entering the market. competitors and potential competitors also are attempting to develop alternate technologies and sterilizing agents, as well as disposable medical instruments and other devices designed to address the risk of contamination.
consolidations among our healthcare and pharmaceutical customers may result in a loss of customers or more significant pricing pressures.
a number of our customers have consolidated. these consolidations are due in part to healthcare cost reduction measures initiated by competitive pressures as well as legislators, regulators and third-party payors. this may result in greater pricing pressures on us and in some cases loss of customers. additional consolidations could result in a loss of customers or more significant pricing pressures.
supply chain disruption might increase our production costs, limit our production capabilities or curtail our operations.
we purchase raw materials, fabricated and other components, and energy supplies from a variety of suppliers. key raw materials include stainless steel, organic and inorganic chemicals, fuel, cobalt-60 and eo, and key components include plastic components, as well as various electronics including control boards and computer chips. the availability and prices of raw materials and energy supplies are subject to volatility and are influenced by worldwide economic conditions, speculative action, world supply and demand balances, inventory levels, availability of substitute materials, currency exchange rates, anticipated or perceived shortages, and other factors. also, certain of our key materials and components have a limited number of suppliers. some are single-sourced in certain regions of the world, such as cobalt-60 and eo, which are necessary to our ast operations. changes in regulatory requirements regarding the use of, or the unavailability or short supply of, these products might disrupt or cause shutdowns of portions of our ast operations or have other adverse consequences. shortages in supply, increased regulatory or security requirements, or increases in the price of raw materials, components and energy supplies may adversely affect us. in response to the active russia-ukraine military conflict, we have stopped purchasing cobalt-60 from our russian supplier. a long-term disruption in cobalt-60 sourced from russia may negatively impact gamma processing capacity or increase costs in certain portions of our ast operations.
our operations, and those of our suppliers, are subject to a variety of business continuity hazards and risks, any of which could interrupt production or operations or otherwise adversely affect our performance, results, or value.
business continuity hazards and other risks include: explosions, fires, earthquakes, public health crises, extreme weather conditions, and other disasters; utility or other mechanical failures; unscheduled downtime; labor difficulties; inability to obtain or maintain any required licenses or permits; disruption of communications; data security, preservation and redundancy disruptions; inability to hire or retain key management or employees; disruption of supply or distribution; and regulation of the safety, security or other aspects of our operations.
the occurrence of these types of events has disrupted and may in the future disrupt or shut down operations, or otherwise adversely impact the production or profitability of a particular facility, or our operations as a whole. these events also might cause personal injury and loss of life, or severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, and for injuries occurring at our facilities or as a result of actions of our employees, result in liability claims against us. although we maintain property and casualty insurance and liability and similar insurance of the types and in the amounts that we believe are customary for our industries, our insurance coverages have limits and we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business.
expectations relating to corporate responsibility considerations expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on our business.
many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on esg considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human capital and diversity, equity and inclusion. we make statements about our esg priorities and initiatives through information provided on our website, press statements and other communications. responding to these esg considerations and implementation of these laws, regulations and other initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires significant investments and is impacted by factors that may be outside our control. in addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our priorities and initiatives and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. stakeholders also may have very different views on where esg focus should be placed, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state or international esg laws and regulations or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us that could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
as we continue to focus on developing our esg practices, such practices may not meet the standards of all of our stakeholders and advocacy groups may campaign for further changes. many of our customers are also committing to, and may become subject to legal or regulatory requirements with respect to, long-term targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions within their supply chains and associated emissions reporting. if we are unable to support customers in fulfilling these obligations or achieving reductions, we may lose revenue if our customers find other suppliers who are better able to support such efforts. a failure, or perceived failure, to respond to expectations of all key stakeholders could cause harm to our business and reputation and have a negative impact on the market price of our ordinary shares. further, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on esg matters. such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment or voting decisions. unfavorable esg ratings could lead to negative investor sentiment toward us and/or our industry, which could have a negative impact on our access to and costs of capital.
we may be adversely affected by global climate change or by existing and future legal, regulatory or market responses to such change.
the long-term effects of climate change are difficult to assess and predict. the impacts may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other adverse effects. the effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. we may bear losses as a result of, for example, physical damage to or destruction of our facilities (such as distribution or fulfillment centers), loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change, which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial position or results of operation.
there has also been an increased focus from regulators and stakeholders on greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks. both the standard setting and regulatory landscapes are extremely complex and present significant compliance challenges. many different organizations are promulgating reporting standards and rules that focus on addressing greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related topics. in march 2024, the sec adopted its final rule, "the enhancement and standardization of climate-related disclosures for investors," which sets forth certain prescriptive rules that would significantly increase our reporting obligations and cost of compliance. subsequently, the sec voluntarily stayed the implementation of such rules pending the completion of judicial review by the court of appeals for the eighth circuit, and it is unclear whether the final rules will be implemented in whole, in part or at all. on january 5, 2023, the european commission's corporate sustainability reporting directive ("csrd") became effective. the csrd expands the number of companies required to publicly report esg-related information, defines the esg-related information that companies are required to disclose in accordance with european sustainability reporting standards ("esrs") and imposes additional assurance obligations with respect to such disclosures. while csrd rules are prescriptive for the types of data to be reported, the standards to quantify and qualify such data are still developing and uncertain, and may impose increased costs on us related to complying with our reporting obligations and increase risks of non-compliance with esrs and the csrd.
our operations are subject to regulations and permitting, which may be changed or amended by the relevant authorities, and which may limit or eliminate our current operations or increase the complexity, burden, or expense of compliance and regulated materials or processes that we use in our operations may become the focus of litigation.
our ast segment is a technology-neutral contract sterilization service that offers our customers a wide range of sterilization modalities through a worldwide network of over 50 contract sterilization and laboratory facilities. one of the modalities offered by our ast operations is eo sterilization. in the united states, several regulators, including the epa, fda, and agencies at the state and local level, play a role in regulating the use of eo sterilization. in 2016, the epa changed the cancer risk basis for eo and determined that eo is carcinogenic to humans. announcements of the temporary or permanent closure of eo sterilization facilities operated by others have been associated with state and/or local regulatory or other legal action related to eo emissions at those facilities. our ast operations have taken and will continue to take measures to comply with all applicable emissions regulations and to reduce emissions. however, no assurance can be given that current or future legislative or regulatory action, or current or future litigation to which we are or may become a party, will not significantly increase the costs of conducting our eo contract sterilization operations or curtail or eliminate the use of eo in our contract sterilization operations. a significant reduction in our eo contract sterilization activities may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. further, we could be liable for material damages and fines as a result of legislative or regulatory action or litigation, and any liability could exceed our insurance and indemnification coverage, if any, and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. additionally, for many medical devices, eo sterilization may be the only current method of sterilization that effectively sterilizes and does not damage the device during the sterilization process. in the event of regulatory, legislative, or legal action that curtails or eliminates eo sterilization, there could be a shortage of medical devices and consequently a decline in surgical procedures. a decline in surgical procedures could result in a decline in demand for the products and services provided by our healthcare business, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our eo sterilization operations subject us to claims of liability and associated adverse effects.
some current or past operators of eo sterilization facilities, including us, have been the target of litigation on behalf of private plaintiffs alleging personal and other injuries as a result of exposure to emissions from such facilities and have experienced adverse judgments and entered into settlements. these developments may increase the likelihood that we will continue to be subject to these claims or that we will be subject to more claims on behalf of similar plaintiffs in the future. although we believe we have valid defenses to such claims, there can be no assurance that we will prevail on the merits, as the outcome of trials before juries and other aspects of litigation can be highly unpredictable.
the financial impact of litigation, particularly mass tort action lawsuits, is also difficult to predict and a judgment entered or settlement reached in one case is not representative of the outcome of other comparable cases. regardless of the merits of the claims at issue or the ultimate outcome of a case, any litigation related to our eo operations could be costly to defend, could result in an increase of our insurance premiums, and could exhaust available insurance coverage. furthermore, defense of litigation may result in diversion of management attention from other priorities, which could have a material adverse effect.
if our continuing efforts to create a lean business and in-source production to reduce costs are not successful, our profitability may be hurt or our business otherwise might be adversely affected.
we have undertaken various activities to incorporate lean concepts and practices to more efficiently operate our business, including in-sourcing. we continue to look for opportunities to in-source production that is currently provided by third parties. these activities may not produce the full efficiencies and cost reduction benefits that we expect or efficiencies and benefits might be delayed. implementation costs also might exceed expectations. increases in costs of doing business may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
a pandemic or similar public health crisis could have a material adverse impact on our ability to staff our operations.
as supplier to healthcare and life sciences customers, we fell within a "critical infrastructure" sector, and were also considered an essential business and therefore were exempt under various stay-at -home/shelter-in-place orders associated with covid-19. these exemptions, however, may not be available in another pandemic or similar health crisis and there can be no assurance that in such a crisis, we will be able to operate in the same manner. while we believe that we have developed appropriate measures to ensure the health and well-being of our employees for future health crises, there can be no assurances that our measures will be sufficient to protect our employees in our workplace or that they may not otherwise be exposed to an illness outside of our workplace. if a large or otherwise impactful number of our employees become ill, incapacitated or are otherwise unable or unwilling to continue working during the current or any future health crises, our operations may be adversely impacted.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified management and other personnel or other compliance matters adversely impact our personnel.
our continued success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire and retain highly qualified people and if we are unable to do so, our business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. labor market conditions, particularly in the united states, are challenging. the shortage of highly qualified people has led to increased competition, which has led to higher costs and other labor-related difficulties. there is no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining replacements to fill vacant positions, successors to fill retirements or employees moving to new positions, or other highly qualified personnel. in addition, legal, regulatory or compliance matters create significant distraction or diversion of significant or unanticipated resources or attention that could have a material adverse effect on the responsibilities and retention of qualified employees.
we could experience a failure of a key information technology system, process or site or a breach of information security, including a cybersecurity breach or failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, processes, associated sites or service providers.
we rely extensively on information technology ("it") systems to conduct business, including but not limited to interacting with customers and suppliers, fulfilling orders, generating invoices, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing customer support, and fulfilling contractual obligations. in addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service solutions, data hosting, electronic payment systems, and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, including some that employ artificial intelligence ("ai"), some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. while we have been the previous target of cyberattacks and security breaches, none of these attacks or breaches to date have had a material adverse effect on the company. we cannot guarantee that future cyberattacks, if successful, will not have a material effect on our business or financial results. numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats continue to pose potential risks to the security of our it systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. some of our products, services, and information technology systems contain or use open-source software, which poses additional risks, including potential security vulnerabilities, licensing compliance issues, and quality issues. a security breach, whether of our products, of our customers' network security and systems or of third-party hosting services, could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. while we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. when cybersecurity incidents occur, we expect to follow our incident response policy and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements. our response to these incidents and our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data may not shield us from significant losses and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. we maintain cybersecurity liability insurance with terms, conditions, and limits believed to be adequate. however, cybersecurity-related liability or other claims may exceed insurance coverage limits, fines, penalties and regulatory sanctions may not be covered by insurance, or insurance may not continue to be available or available on commercially reasonable terms. additionally, our insurers might deny claim coverage for valid or other reasons or may become insolvent.
if our it systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches or other cyber incidents, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. in the past, our customers and resellers of our products have experienced cybersecurity attacks and incidents that have impacted their ability to do business, process payments and sell products, and there can be no assurance that future cybersecurity attacks and incidents affecting our customers and resellers will not impact our business if and when they occur.
in addition, a large number of our employees, as well as those of our customers and suppliers, continue to work remotely, which may increase the risk of it systems vulnerabilities and attacks and unauthorized access of information. furthermore, there has also been an increase in cybersecurity incidents that appears to be associated with the ukraine-russia military conflict. other future or ongoing conflicts could also result in increases in cybersecurity incidents. enforcement of the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") was effective as of may 2018. the gdpr is focused on the protection of personal data not merely the privacy of personal data. the gdpr has created a range of compliance obligations and can impose significant financial penalties for noncompliance (including possible fines of up to 4% of global annual revenues for the preceding financial year or 20 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious infringements). other legislative or governmental regulatory requirements may come into effect that may similarly increase our compliance obligations or significantly increase our exposure to financial penalties for noncompliance.
risks related to business development we engage in acquisitions and affiliations, divestitures, and other business arrangements. our growth may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully identify, price, and integrate strategic business candidates or otherwise optimize our business portfolio.
our success depends, in part, on strategic acquisitions and joint ventures, which are intended to complement or expand our businesses, divestiture of non-strategic businesses, such as our planned divestment of the dental segment, and other assets, and other actions intended to optimize our portfolio of businesses. this strategy depends upon our ability to identify, appropriately price, and complete these types of business development transactions or arrangements and to obtain any necessary financing. in the last several fiscal years we have made a number of acquisitions and dispositions. there can be no assurance that any acquisition or disposition will ultimately prove to be a strategic success. also, we may be unable to find or consummate future acquisitions and divestitures at acceptable prices and terms. we continually evaluate potential business developments opportunities in the ordinary course of business.
our success with respect to these recent and future acquisitions will depend on our ability to integrate the businesses acquired, retain key personnel, realize identified cost synergies, manage the expanded business footprint and otherwise execute our strategies. our success will also depend on our ability to develop satisfactory working arrangements with our strategic partners in joint ventures or other affiliations, or to divest or realign businesses. competition for strategic business candidates may result in increases in costs and price for acquisition candidates and market valuation issues may reduce the value available for divestiture of non-strategic businesses. these types of transactions are also subject to a number of other risks and uncertainties, including: delays in realizing or failure to realize anticipated benefits of the transactions; a termination or delay in the consummation of acquisition or disposition transactions by counterparties; diversion of management's time and attention from other business concerns; difficulties in retaining key employees, customers, or suppliers of the acquired or divested businesses; difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, or other integration or divestiture difficulties, including those that may expose us to greater cybersecurity risk; adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers or customers; other events contributing to difficulties in generating future cash flows; risks associated with the assumption of contingent or other liabilities of acquisition targets or retention of liabilities for divested businesses and difficulties in obtaining financing.
our business realignment initiatives may not be as successful as anticipated.
we execute organizational realignments to support our growth and cost management strategies. we also engage in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. we commit significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to maintain uninterrupted leadership and direction. if we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. we cannot offer assurances that any of these initiatives will be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all.
our acquisition activity and ability to grow organically may be adversely affected if we are unable to continue to access the financial markets.
we have financed acquisitions through cash on hand, borrowings under our bank credit facilities and through public note offerings. future acquisitions or other capital requirements and investments will necessitate additional cash. to the extent our existing sources of cash are insufficient to fund these or other future activities, we have and may need to raise additional funds through new or expanded borrowing arrangements or equity issuances. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funds beyond those available under existing bank credit facilities on terms favorable to us, or at all, or that such facilities can be replaced when they terminate.
the integration of acquired businesses into steris may not be as successful as anticipated.
we have made large acquisitions of businesses, including the acquisitions of cantel medical and key surgical. the integration of acquired businesses into steris involves numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax and other risks; potential liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of internal controls over financial reporting. difficulties in integrating acquired businesses into steris may result in the business performing differently than expected, in operational challenges, in strategic changes or in the failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. steris's existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by the integration actions. potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include, among other factors:
the inability to successfully integrate the business of an acquired business into steris in a manner that permits steris to achieve the full revenue and cost savings anticipated from the acquisition;
complexities associated with managing the larger, more complex, integrated business;
not realizing anticipated operating synergies or incurring unexpected costs to realize such synergies;
integrating personnel from acquired businesses into steris while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and services;
potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with the acquisition;
loss of key employees;
integrating relationships with customers, vendors and business partners;
performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management's attention caused by integration activities; and
the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, an acquired business and steris's ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies.
past and future business acquisitions may not be as accretive to steris's earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share, which may negatively affect the market price of steris shares.
past and future acquisitions may not be as accretive to steris's earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share as expected. future events and conditions could decrease or delay any expected accretion, result in dilution or cause greater dilution than is currently expected, including adverse changes in market conditions, production levels, operating results, competitive conditions, laws and regulations affecting steris, capital expenditure obligations, higher than expected integration costs, lower than expected synergies and general economic conditions.
any decrease or delay of any accretion to steris's earnings per share or cash flow from operations per share could cause the price of the steris's ordinary shares to decline.
we incurred a substantial amount of additional debt to complete the cantel medical acquisition. our debt level may limit our financial and business flexibility.
we funded the cash portion of the cantel medical acquisition consideration, as well as the refinancing, prepayment, replacement, redemption, repurchase, settlement upon conversion, discharge or defeasance of certain existing indebtedness of cantel and its subsidiaries, transaction expenses, general corporate expenses and working capital needs, through the incurrence of approximately $2.1 billion of new indebtedness, which includes $1.350 billion of senior notes issued april 1, 2021 and a new delayed draw term loan agreement in the amount of $750 million. we also refinanced or settled approximately $1.0 billion of cantel's long-term indebtedness, including convertible debt.
as of march 31, 2024, steris had approximately $3.2 billion of indebtedness outstanding. steris's ability to repay all the forgoing obligations will depend on, among other things, steris's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control.
our increased indebtedness could have important consequences to our shareholders, including increasing steris's interest obligations, general adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements, requiring the use of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations for the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate matters, including dividend payments and stock repurchases, limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry and creating a disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness.
steris has incurred and expects to incur significant transaction and related costs in connection with business acquisitions and dispositions, which may be in excess of those anticipated.
steris has incurred substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and completion of past business acquisitions and dispositions, including cantel medical, key surgical and the planned divestment of the dental segment, and expects to incur similar costs for any future business acquisitions or dispositions.
steris expects to incur non-recurring costs associated with the integrations of recent acquisitions into steris and working towards achieving the desired synergies of such acquisitions. these fees and costs have been, and may continue to be, substantial. the non-recurring expenses include, among others, employee retention costs, fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, and severance and benefit costs.
steris also expects to incur and has incurred costs to consolidate facilities and systems. additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of any acquired business. although steris expects that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of acquired businesses, should allow steris to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. the costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results.
we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of an acquired business, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected.
the success of an acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the businesses. the anticipated benefits and cost savings of an acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, may require more non-recurring costs and expenditures to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. assumptions that we have made with respect to acquisitions, such as with respect to anticipated operating synergies or the costs associated with realizing such synergies, significant long-term cash flow generation, and the continuation of our investment grade credit profile, may not be realized. the post-acquisition integration process may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, changes in strategy or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies. there could be potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses associated with acquisitions that were not discovered while performing due diligence. although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of investigation regarding the operating and financial condition of the businesses, product or service lines, assets or technologies we purchase, an unavoidable level of risk remains regarding their actual operating and financial condition, as well as their strategic fit. we may not be able to ascertain actual value or understand potential liabilities until or after we actually assume operation control of these businesses, product or service lines, assets or technologies.
we have recorded goodwill and other intangible assets that could become impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operation in the future.
our total assets include goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets. if we determine that these items have become impaired in the future, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. as of march 31, 2024, we had recorded goodwill of $4 billion and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $2 billion. goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of a business acquired. goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently, if indicators of impairment exist. if the impairment evaluations for goodwill indicate the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment. during the second quarter of fiscal 2023, in connection with the preparation of our quarterly consolidated financial statements, we identified and recognized a goodwill impairment loss of $490.6 million related to goodwill that arose with respect to the dental segment acquired in the cantel acquisition.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction in management's discussion and analysis ("md&a"), we explain the general financial condition and the results of operations for steris and its subsidiaries including:
what factors affect our business;
what our earnings and costs were;
why those earnings and costs were different from the year before;
where our earnings came from;
how this affects our overall financial condition;
what our expenditures for capital projects were; and
where cash is expected to come from to fund future debt principal repayments, growth outside of core operations, repurchase ordinary shares, pay cash dividends and fund future working capital needs.
the md&a also analyzes and explains the annual changes in the specific line items in the consolidated statements of income. as you read the md&a, it may be helpful to refer to information in item 1, "business," part i, item 1a, "risk factors," and note 12 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "commitments and contingencies" for a discussion of some of the matters that can adversely affect our business and results of operations. this information, discussion, and disclosure may be important to you in making decisions about your investments in steris.
financial measures in the following sections of the md&a, we may, at times, refer to financial measures that are not required to be presented in the consolidated financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"). we sometimes use the following financial measures in the context of this report: backlog; debt-to-total capital; and days sales outstanding. we define these financial measures as follows:
backlog - we define backlog as the amount of unfilled capital equipment purchase orders at a point in time. we use this figure as a measure to assist in the projection of short-term financial results and inventory requirements.
debt-to-total capital - we define debt-to-total capital as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and shareholders' equity. we use this figure as a financial liquidity measure to gauge our ability to borrow and fund growth.
days sales outstanding ("dso") - we define dso as the average collection period for accounts receivable. it is calculated as net accounts receivable divided by the trailing four quarters' revenues, multiplied by 365 days. we use this figure to help gauge the quality of accounts receivable and expected time to collect.
we, at times, may also refer to financial measures which are considered to be "non-gaap financial measures" under sec rules. we have presented these financial measures because we believe that meaningful analysis of our financial performance is enhanced by an understanding of certain additional factors underlying that performance. these financial measures should not be considered an alternative to measures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. our calculations of these measures may differ from calculations of similar measures used by other companies, and you should be careful when comparing these financial measures to those of other companies. additional information regarding these financial measures, including reconciliations of each non-gaap financial measure, is available in the subsection of md&a titled, "non-gaap financial measures."
revenues- defined as required by regulation s-x, we separately present revenues generated as either product revenues or service revenues on our consolidated statements of income for each period presented. when we discuss revenues, we may, at times, refer to revenues summarized differently than the regulation s-x requirements. the terminology, definitions, and applications of terms that we use to describe revenues may be different from terms used by other companies. we use the following terms to describe revenues:
revenues - our revenues are presented net of sales returns and allowances.
product revenues - we define product revenues as revenues generated from sales of consumable and capital equipment products.
service revenues - we define service revenues as revenues generated from parts and labor associated with the maintenance, repair, and installation of our capital equipment. service revenues also include outsourced reprocessing services and instrument and scope repairs, as well as revenues generated from contract sterilization and laboratory services offered through our ast segment.
capital equipment revenues - we define capital equipment revenues as revenues generated from sales of capital equipment, which includes steam and gas sterilizers, low temperature liquid chemical sterilant processing systems, pure steam/water systems, surgical lights and tables, and integrated or.
consumable revenues - we define consumable revenues as revenues generated from sales of the consumable family of products, which includes dedicated consumables used in our v-pro sterilizers and automated endoscope reprocessors, system 1 and 1e consumables, gastrointestinal endoscopy accessories, instruments and tools, sterility assurance products, barrier protection solutions, and cleaning consumables.
recurring revenues - we define recurring revenues as revenues generated from sales of consumable products and service revenues.
general overview and executive summary steris is a leading global provider of products and services that support patient care with an emphasis on infection prevention. we help our customers create a healthier and safer world by providing innovative healthcare and life science products and services around the globe. we offer our customers a unique mix of innovative products and services. these include: consumable products, such as detergents, endoscopy accessories, barrier products, instruments and tools; and services, including equipment installation and maintenance, microbial reduction of medical devices, instrument and scope repair, laboratory testing, outsourced reprocessing; and capital equipment, such as sterilizers, surgical tables, and automated endoscope reprocessors, and connectivity solutions such as operating room ("or") integration.
we operate and report our financial information in three reportable business segments: healthcare, applied sterilization technologies ("ast"), and life sciences. previously, we had four reportable business segments; however, as a result of the agreement to divest our dental segment, dental is presented as discontinued operations. historical information has been retrospectively adjusted to exclude discontinued operations for comparability, as required. for more information, refer to note 4 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "discontinued operations." non-allocated operating costs that support the entire company and items not indicative of operating trends are excluded from segment operating income. we describe our business segments in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "business segment information."
the bulk of our revenues are derived from healthcare, medical device and pharmaceutical customers. much of the growth in these industries is driven by the aging of the population throughout the world, as an increasing number of individuals are entering their prime healthcare consumption years, and is dependent upon advancement in healthcare delivery, acceptance of new technologies, government policies, and general economic conditions.
in addition, there is increased demand for medical procedures, including preventive screenings such as endoscopies and colonoscopies; and a desire by our customers to operate more efficiently, all which are driving increased demand for many of our products and services.
acquisitions. on august 2, 2023, we purchased the surgical instrumentation, laparoscopic instrumentation and sterilization container assets from becton, dickinson and company ("bd") (nyse: bdx). the acquired assets from bd are being integrated into our healthcare segment.
the purchase price of the acquisition was $539.8 million. the acquisition also qualified for a tax benefit related to tax deductible goodwill, with a present value of approximately $60.0 million. the purchase price of the acquisition was financed with borrowings from our existing credit facility. for more information, refer to note 8 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "debt."
in addition to the acquisition of bd, we completed two other tuck-in acquisitions during fiscal 2024, which expanded our product and service offerings in the ast and healthcare segments. total aggregate consideration was approximately $6.5 million, net of cash acquired.
during fiscal 2023, we completed several tuck-in acquisitions which expanded our product and service offerings in the ast and healthcare segments. total aggregate consideration was approximately $49.8 million, including potential contingent consideration of $7.3 million.
divestitures and discontinued operations. on april 11, 2024, the company announced its plan to sell its dental segment for total cash consideration of $787.5 million, subject to customary adjustments, and up to an additional $12.5 million in contingent payment should the dental business achieve certain revenue targets in fiscal 2025. the transaction is structured as an equity sale. a component of an entity is reported in discontinued operations after meeting the criteria for held for sale classification if the disposition represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the entity's operations and financial results. we analyzed the quantitative and qualitative factors relevant to the divestiture of our dental segment and determined that those conditions for discontinued operations presentation had been met prior to march 31, 2024. the dental segment results of operations have been reclassified to income (loss) from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of income and we have classified our dental segment's assets and liabilities as held for sale for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. previously, the dental business was a separate reportable segment. for additional information regarding this transaction and its effect on our financial reporting, refer to note 4 titled "discontinued operations" and note 13 titled "business segment information." proceeds received from the sale will be used to pay off existing debt.
on april 1, 2024, we completed the sale of the controlled environment certification services business. in fiscal 2025, we recorded net proceeds of $41.5 million. the business generated approximately $35.0 million in revenue during fiscal 2024.
for more information regarding our recent acquisitions and divestitures, see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "business acquisitions and divestitures."
highlights.  revenues increased $602.4 million, or 13.3%, to $5,138.7 million for the year ended march 31, 2024, as compared to $4,536.3 million for the year ended march 31, 2023. these increases reflect higher volume, including the added volume from the acquisition of assets from bd in the healthcare segment, and pricing.
our gross profit percentage decreased to 43.2% for fiscal 2024 as compared to 43.7% for fiscal 2023. unfavorable impacts from productivity, inflationary cost increases for materials and labor, and restructuring charges were partially offset by favorable impacts from pricing.
fiscal 2024 income from operations increased 5.7% to $836.1 million over fiscal 2023 income from operations of $791.1 million. this increase was primarily due to the benefit of higher volume and pricing during fiscal 2024 which was partially offset by restructuring charges incurred during fiscal 2024.
cash flows provided by operating activities were $973.3 million and free cash flow was $620.3 million in fiscal 2024 compared to cash flows provided by operating activities of $756.9 million and free cash flow of $409.6 million in fiscal 2023 (see subsection of md&a titled, "non-gaap financial measures" for additional information and related reconciliation of cash flows from operations to free cash flow). cash flows from operations resulted from the increase in operating activity and lower use of cash for working capital requirements. the increase in free cash flow was driven by cash flows from operations as capital spending in fiscal 2024 was comparable to fiscal 2023.
our debt-to-total capital ratio was 33.7% at march 31, 2024. during the year, we increased our quarterly dividend for the eighteenth consecutive year to $0.52.
outlook. in fiscal 2025 and beyond, we expect to manage our costs, grow our business with internal product and service development, invest in greater capacity, and augment these value creating methods with potential acquisitions of additional products and services. we anticipate continued inflation pressure in fiscal 2025, but not at the significant level experienced in fiscal 2024 and 2023. please refer to "information with respect to our business in general" in item 1."business" to this annual report on form 10-k.
non-gaap financial measures we, at times, refer to financial measures which are considered to be "non-gaap financial measures" under the securities and exchange commission rules. we, at times, also refer to our results of operations excluding certain transactions or amounts that are non-recurring or are not indicative of future results, in order to provide meaningful comparisons between the periods presented.
these non-gaap financial measures are not intended to be, and should not be, considered separately from or as an alternative to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures.
these non-gaap financial measures are presented with the intent of providing greater transparency to supplemental financial information used by management and the board of directors in their financial analysis and operational decision-making. these amounts are disclosed so that the reader has the same financial data that management uses with the belief that it will assist investors and other readers in making comparisons to our historical operating results and analyzing the underlying performance of our operations for the periods presented.
we believe that the presentation of these non-gaap financial measures, when considered along with our u.s. gaap financial measures and the reconciliation to the corresponding u.s. gaap financial measures, provides the reader with a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent this disclosure. it is important for the reader to note that the non-gaap financial measures used may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies.
we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities as presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows less purchases of property, plant, equipment, and intangibles (capital expenditures) plus proceeds from the sale of property, plant, equipment, and intangibles, which are also presented within investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. we use this as a measure to gauge our ability to pay cash dividends, fund growth outside of core operations, fund future debt principal repayments, and repurchase shares.
the following table summarizes the calculation of our free cash flow for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023:
years ended march 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                                     2024                        2023
net cash provided by operating activities                                              $973,274                          $756,947
purchases of property, plant, equipment and intangibles, net                          (360,326)                         (361,969)
proceeds from the sale of property, plant, equipment and intangibles                      7,381                            14,587
free cash flow                                                                         $620,329                          $409,565
results of operations in the following subsections, we discuss our performance and the factors affecting it. we begin with a general overview of our operating results and then separately discuss earnings for our operating segments. as a result of the agreement to divest our dental segment, dental is presented as discontinued operations. historical information has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect these changes for comparability, as required. therefore, the discussion within this results of operations section excludes discontinued operations and relates solely to our continuing operations.
the discussion of and factors affecting our performance for the year ended march 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2022 is included in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended march 31, 2023.
fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023
revenues. the following table compares our revenues, in total and by type and geography, for the year ended march 31, 2024 to the year ended march 31, 2023:
years ended march 31,                                    percent
(dollars in thousands)           2024                          2023                                          change                  change total revenues                               $5,138,701                          $4,536,266           $602,435                    13.3    %
revenues by type:
service revenues                              2,374,747                           2,172,512            202,235                     9.3    %
consumable revenues                           1,502,378                           1,293,284            209,094                    16.2    %
capital equipment revenues                    1,261,576                           1,070,470            191,106                    17.9    %
revenues by geography (1):
ireland revenues                                 82,695                              74,292              8,403                    11.3    %
united states revenues                        3,751,437                           3,254,373            497,064                    15.3    %
other foreign revenues                        1,304,569                           1,207,601             96,968                     8.0    %
(1) allocation of revenue by geography is based on the location of delivery or distribution of products or location where services are performed.
revenues increased $602.4 million, or 13.3%, to $5,138.7 million for the year ended march 31, 2024, as compared to $4,536.3 million for the year ended march 31, 2023. these increases reflect higher volume, including the added volume from the acquisition of assets from bd in the healthcare segment, and pricing.
service revenues for fiscal 2024 increased $202.2 million, or 9.3% over fiscal 2023, reflecting growth in the healthcare, ast, and life sciences segments. consumable revenues for fiscal 2024 increased $209.1 million, or 16.2%, over fiscal 2023, reflecting growth in the healthcare and life sciences segments. capital equipment revenues for fiscal 2024 increased by $191.1 million, or 17.9%, over fiscal 2023, reflecting growth in the healthcare and life sciences segments, which were partially offset by a decline in the ast segment.
ireland revenues for fiscal 2024 were $82.7 million, representing an increase of $8.4 million, or 11.3%, over fiscal 2023 revenues of $74.3 million, reflecting growth in service and consumable revenues, which were partially offset by a decline in capital equipment revenues.
united states revenues for fiscal 2024 were $3,751.4 million, representing an increase of $497.1 million, or 15.3%, over fiscal 2023 revenues of $3,254.4 million, reflecting growth in service, consumable, and capital equipment revenues.
revenues from other foreign locations for fiscal 2024 were $1,304.6 million, representing an increase of $97.0 million, or 8.0% over the fiscal 2023 revenues of $1,207.6 million. the increase reflects growth within the europe, middle east & africa, canada, asia pacific and latin american regions driven by increases in service, consumable, and capital equipment revenues.
gross profit. the following table compares our gross profit for the year ended march 31, 2024 to the year ended march 31, 2023:
years ended march 31,             change                 percent change
(dollars in thousands)                                     2024                                2023
gross profit:
product                                         $1,247,872                          $1,092,391           $155,481                    14.2    %
service                                            970,288                             888,335             81,953                     9.2    %
total gross profit                              $2,218,160                          $1,980,726           $237,434                    12.0    %
gross profit percentage:
product                                               45.1    %                           46.2    %
service                                               40.9    %                           40.9    %
total gross profit percentage                         43.2    %                           43.7    %
our gross profit is affected by the volume, pricing and mix of sales of our products and services, as well as the costs associated with the products and services that are sold. our gross profit percentage decreased to 43.2% for fiscal 2024 as compared to 43.7% for fiscal 2023. unfavorable impacts from inflation and material costs (120 basis points), restructuring charges (40 basis points), adjustments and other charges (40 basis points), productivity (30 basis points), and fluctuations in currency (10 basis points) were partially offset by favorable impacts from pricing (150 basis points), mix (30 basis points), and acquisitions (10 basis points).
operating expenses. the following table compares our operating expenses for the year ended march 31, 2024 to the year ended march 31, 2023:
years ended march 31,             change                 percent change
(dollars in thousands)                       2024                                                       2023
operating expenses:
selling, general, and administrative                     $1,252,318                          $1,090,663           $161,655                    14.8    %
research and development                                    103,679                              98,477              5,202                     5.3    %
restructuring expenses                                       26,045                                 485             25,560                           nm total operating expenses                                 $1,382,042                          $1,189,625           $192,417                    16.2    %
nm - not meaningful selling, general, and administrative expenses. significant components of total selling, general, and administrative expenses ("sg&a") are compensation and benefit costs, fees for professional services, travel and entertainment expenses, facility costs, gains or losses from divestitures, and other general and administrative expenses. sg&a increased 14.8% in fiscal 2024 over fiscal 2023. the fiscal 2024 increase is primarily attributable to increased compensation, including incentive compensation and benefit costs, as well as increase in dealer incentives and professional fees.
research and development. research and development expenses increased $5.2 million in fiscal 2024 over fiscal 2023. research and development expenses are influenced by the number and timing of in-process projects and labor hours and other costs associated with these projects. our research and development initiatives continue to emphasize new product development, product improvements, and the development of new technological platform innovations. during fiscal 2024, our investments in research and development have continued to be focused on, but were not limited to, enhancing capabilities of sterile processing combination technologies, procedural products and accessories, and devices and support accessories used in gastrointestinal endoscopy procedures.
restructuring expenses. we adopted and announced a targeted restructuring plan (the "restructuring plan"). this plan includes a strategic shift in our approach to the healthcare surgical business in europe, as well as other actions including the impairment of an internally developed x-ray accelerator, product rationalizations and facility consolidations. less than 300 positions are being eliminated. these restructuring actions are designed to enhance profitability and improve efficiency, and we expect to be substantially complete with the actions by the end of fiscal 2025. we are anticipating improvements in income from operations of approximately $25.0 million per year, with the majority of the benefit being in fiscal 2026 and beyond due to timing of actions.
we have incurred pre-tax expenses totaling $44.4 million related to these restructurings in fiscal 2024, of which $26.1 million was recorded as restructuring expenses and $18.3 million was recorded in cost of revenues. a total of $19.0 million and $25.4 million was recorded to the healthcare and ast segments, respectively, while a total of $40.0 thousand was related to corporate. we expect to incur additional restructuring expenses related to this plan of approximately $55.3 million, which includes $51.3 million related to healthcare, $3.0 million related to ast, $0.8 million related to life sciences, and $0.2 million related to corporate. the $55.3 million is comprised of $36.2 million related to severance and other compensation related costs, $15.3 million related to lease and other contract termination and other costs, and $3.8 million related to accelerated depreciation and amortization.
the following table summarizes our total pre-tax restructuring expenses recorded in fiscal 2024 related to the restructuring plan:
year ended march 31, 2024                                            restructuring plan asset impairment                                                       $25,392
product rationalization (1)                                                      18,320
severance and other compensation related costs        678
total restructuring expense                                            $44,390
(1) recorded in cost of revenues on the consolidated statements of income.
non-operating expenses, net. non-operating expenses, net consists of interest expense on debt, offset by interest earned on cash, cash equivalents, short-term investment balances, and other miscellaneous (income) expense. the following table compares our net non-operating expenses, net for the year ended march 31, 2024 to the year ended march 31, 2023:
years ended march 31,
(dollars in thousands)                             2024                        2023                                        change non-operating expenses, net:
interest expense                                               $144,351                          $107,956            $36,395
interest and miscellaneous (income) expense                    (11,043)                             2,879           (13,922)
non-operating expenses, net                                    $133,308                          $110,835            $22,473
interest expense increased $36.4 million during fiscal 2024 over fiscal 2023, primarily due to higher interest rates and principal amount of outstanding floating rate debt. for more information, refer to note 8 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "debt."
the fluctuation in interest and miscellaneous (income) expense during fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, totaled $13.9 million and is primarily attributable to gains recognized as a result of mark to market adjustments which were realized upon the sale of an equity investment as well as interest income accrued on an income tax refund. additional information regarding the mark to market adjustments of our equity investments is included in note 19 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "fair value measurements."
income tax expense. the following table compares our tax expense and effective income tax rates for the years ended march 31, 2024 and march 31, 2023:
years ended march 31,   change           percent change
(dollars in thousands)                                2024                              2023
income tax expense                           $149,530                          $124,069        $25,461          20.5%
effective income tax rate                        21.3    %                         18.2    %
the effective income tax rates from continuing operations for fiscal 2024 was 21.3% compared to 18.2% for fiscal 2023. the fiscal 2024 effective tax rate from continuing operations increased when compared to 2023, primarily due to non-recurring favorable discrete items recognized in fiscal 2023. additional information regarding our income tax expense and effective income tax rate, is included in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "income taxes."
business segment results of operations.
we operate and report our financial information in three reportable business segments: healthcare, ast, and life sciences. previously, we had four reportable business segments; however, as a result of the agreement to divest our dental segment, dental is presented as discontinued operations. historical information has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect these changes for comparability, as required.
our healthcare segment provides a comprehensive offering for healthcare providers worldwide, focused on sterile processing departments and procedural centers, such as operating rooms and endoscopy suites. our products and services range from infection prevention consumables and capital equipment, as well as services to maintain that equipment; to the repair of re-usable procedural instruments; to outsourced instrument reprocessing services. in addition, our procedural solutions also include endoscopy accessories, instruments, and capital equipment infrastructure used primarily in operating rooms, ambulatory surgery centers, endoscopy suites, and other procedural areas.
our ast segment supports medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturers through a global network of contract sterilization and laboratory testing facilities, and integrated sterilization equipment and control systems. our technology-neutral offering supports customers every step of the way, from testing through sterilization.
our life sciences segment provides a comprehensive offering of products and services designed to support biopharmaceutical and medical device research and manufacturing facilities, in particular those focused on aseptic manufacturing. our portfolio includes a full suite of consumable products, equipment maintenance, specialty services, and capital equipment.
we disclose a measure of segment income that is consistent with the way management operates and views the business. the accounting policies for reportable segments are the same as those for the consolidated company.
for more information regarding our segments please refer to note 13 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "business segment information," and item 1, "business."
the following table compares business segment revenues as well as impacts from acquisitions, divestitures, and foreign currency movements for the year ended march 31, 2024 to the year ended march 31, 2023.
years ended march 31, as reported, u.s. gaap            impact of acquisitions                 impact of divestitures                       impact of foreign currency movements                 u.s. gaap growth                organic growth                constant currency organic growth
2024                          2023                                2024                                   2023                                   2024                                                                            2024                          2024                                            2024
segment revenues:
healthcare                          $3,613,019                          $3,085,131                 $119,285                               $-                                                         $13,584                                    17.1       %                   13.2      %                               12.8            %
ast                                    953,980                             914,431                 -                                      -                                                           10,449                                     4.3       %                    4.3      %                                3.2            %
life sciences                          571,702                             536,704                 -                                      -                                                            3,621                                     6.5       %                    6.5      %                                5.8            %
total                               $5,138,701                          $4,536,266                 $119,285                               $-                                                         $27,654                                    13.3       %                   10.7      %                               10.0            %
note: organic revenue growth and constant currency organic revenue growth are non-gaap financial measures of revenue performance. organic revenue growth is calculated by removing the impact of acquisitions and divestitures for one year following the respective transaction from the gaap revenue growth. constant currency organic revenue growth is subject to a further adjustment to eliminate the impact of foreign currency movements.
healthcare revenues increased 17.1% in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, reflecting growth in capital equipment, consumable, and service revenues of 21.7%, 18.9%, 11.8%, respectively. the constant currency organic growth of 12.8% is primarily due to increased volume, impacting revenues by a low double digit percentage, as well as increased pricing.
the healthcare segment's backlog at march 31, 2024 amounted to $353.8 million. the healthcare segment's backlog at march 31, 2023 was $494.7 million. the decrease is due to increased shipments during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023, resulting from shortened lead times and easing of supply chain constraints.
ast revenues increased 4.3% in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023. the constant currency organic growth of 3.2% is primarily due to increased pricing, impacting revenues by a mid-single digit percentage, partially offset by lower volume. revenue was negatively impacted by medical device customer inventory management and the continued reduction in demand from bioprocessing customers.
life sciences revenues increased 6.5% in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023 reflecting growth in service, capital equipment, and consumable revenues of 11.1%, 5.5%, 4.3% respectively. the constant currency organic growth of 5.8% is primarily due to increased pricing, impacting revenues by a mid-single digit percentage, as well as higher volume.
the life sciences backlog at march 31, 2024 and 2023 amounted to $71.4 million and $104.9 million, respectively. the decrease is primarily due to the timing of shipments and a decrease in orders as compared to the same period in the prior year.
the following table compares business segment and corporate operating income for the year ended march 31, 2024 to the year ended march 31, 2023
years ended march 31,                                    percent
(dollars in thousands)                                                                                           2024                                2023             change                  change operating income (loss):
healthcare                                                                                               871,358                             706,020            165,338                    23.4    %
ast                                                                                                      439,744                             429,020             10,724                     2.5    %
life sciences                                                                                            221,349                             210,225             11,124                     5.3    %
corporate                                                                                              (348,497)                           (264,974)           (83,523)                    31.5    %
total operating income before adjustments                                                             $1,183,954                          $1,080,291           $103,663                     9.6    %
less: adjustments amortization of acquired intangible assets (1)                                                           266,420                             256,355
acquisition and integration related charges (2)                                                           25,526                              23,486
tax restructuring costs (3)                                                                                  620                                 661
gain on fair value adjustment of acquisition related contingent consideration (1)                              -                             (3,100)
net loss (gain) on divestiture of businesses (1)                                                             873                                (67)
amortization of inventory and property "step up" to fair value (1)                                        10,032                              11,370
restructuring charges (4)                                                                                 44,365                                 485
income from operations                                                                                  $836,118                            $791,101
(1) for more information regarding our recent acquisitions and divestitures, refer to note 3 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "business acquisitions and divestitures."
(2) acquisition and integration related charges include transaction costs and integration expenses associated with acquisitions.
(3) costs incurred in connection with the redomiciliation and subsequent tax restructuring.
(4) for more information regarding our restructurings, refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "restructuring."
the healthcare segment's operating income increased $165.3 million to $871.4 million in fiscal year 2024, as compared to $706.0 million in fiscal year 2023. the segment's operating margins were 24.1% for fiscal year 2024 and 22.9% for fiscal year 2023. the increase in operating income and margin for the year is primarily due to the benefits of higher volume, including added volume from the acquisition of assets from bd, and pricing, which were partially offset by increased compensation, mostly due to commissions, and increased costs caused by inflation.
the ast segment's operating income increased $10.7 million to $439.7 million in fiscal year 2024, as compared to $429.0 million in fiscal year 2023. the increase in operating income is primarily due to favorable pricing. the ast segment's operating margins were 46.1% for fiscal year 2024 and 46.9% for fiscal year 2023. the decrease in operating margin is primarily due to higher labor costs and decreased productivity, which exceeded the benefits of favorable pricing.
the life sciences business segment's operating income increased $11.1 million to $221.3 million in fiscal year 2024, as compared to $210.2 million in fiscal year 2023. the increase in operating income was primarily due to favorable pricing and volume, which were partially offset by increased costs caused by inflation. the segment's operating margins were 38.7% for fiscal year 2024 and 39.2% for fiscal year 2023. the decrease in operating margin was primarily due to increased costs due to inflation, which exceeded the benefits of favorable pricing.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes significant components of our cash flows for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023:
years ended march 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                               2024                              2023
net cash provided by operating activities                   $973,274                          $756,947
net cash used in investing activities                      (887,361)                         (383,330)
net cash used in financing activities                       (85,186)                         (498,718)
debt-to-total capital ratio                                     33.7    %                         33.6    %
free cash flow                                              $620,329                          $409,565
net cash provided by operating activities - the net cash provided by our operating activities was $973.3 million for the year ended march 31, 2024, compared to $756.9 million for the year ended march 31, 2023. net cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal 2024 by 28.6% over fiscal 2023, and resulted from the increase in operating activity and lower use of cash for working capital requirements.
net cash used in investing activities - the net cash used in our investing activities was $887.4 million for the year ended march 31, 2024, compared to $383.3 million for the year ended march 31, 2023. the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in our investing cash flows for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023:
purchases of property, plant, equipment, and intangibles, net - capital expenditures was comparable in fiscal 2024 and 2023, totaling $360.3 million and $362.0 million for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively.
proceeds from the sale of property, plant, equipment and intangibles - during fiscal 2024 and 2023 we received $7.4 million and $14.6 million, respectively, for proceeds from the sale of property, plant, equipment and intangibles. the fiscal 2024 proceeds primarily related to the sale of a facility previously used by the ast segment. the fiscal 2023 proceeds were primarily from the sale of a facility previously used by the dental segment.
proceeds from the sale of business - during fiscal 2024, we received proceeds of $9.5 million from the release of funds held in escrow related to the sale of the renal care business during fiscal 2022. during 2023, we sold the remaining component of the animal healthcare business for $6.6 million. for more information, refer to note 3 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "business acquisitions and divestitures."
proceeds from the sale of investments - during fiscal 2024, we received $3.9 million in proceeds from the sale of one of our equity investments. for more information refer to note 19 to our consolidated financial statements, titled "fair value measurements."
investment in convertible notes - during fiscal 2024, we invested $1.5 million in convertible notes related to funding the development of intellectual property.
acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired - during fiscal 2024 and 2023, we used $546.3 million and $42.6 million, respectively, for acquisitions. for more information on these acquisitions refer to note 3 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "business acquisitions and divestitures."
net cash used in financing activities - net cash used in financing activities was $85.2 million for the year ended march 31, 2024, compared to net cash used in financing activities of $498.7 million for the year ended march 31, 2023. the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in our financing cash flows for the years ended march 31, 2024 and 2023:
payments on term loans - during fiscal 2024 and 2023, we repaid $60.0 million and $156.9 million of our term loans, respectively. for more information on our term loans, refer to note 8 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "debt."
payments on private placement senior notes - during fiscal 2023, we repaid $91.0 million of private placement debt. for more information on our private placement senior notes, refer to note 8 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "debt."
proceeds under credit facilities, net - net proceeds received under credit facilities totaled $181.5 million and $241.7 million for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. at the end of fiscal 2024, $484.5 million of debt was outstanding under our bank credit facility, compared to $301.7 million of debt outstanding under this facility at the end of fiscal 2023. we provide additional information about our bank credit facility in note 8 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "debt."
acquisition related deferred or contingent consideration - during fiscal 2024 and 2023, we paid $6.2 million and $1.5 million in acquisition related deferred and contingent consideration, respectively. the fiscal 2024 increase is primarily related to the payout of contingent consideration from a prior acquisition in the amount of $5.0 million.
repurchases of ordinary shares - during fiscal 2024 and 2023, we obtained 76,645 and 79,169, respectively, of our ordinary shares in connection with share-based compensation award programs in the aggregate amount of $11.8 million and $13.5 million, respectively. during fiscal 2024, we did not purchase any ordinary shares through our share repurchase program. during fiscal 2023, we purchased 1,563,983 of our ordinary shares through our share repurchase program in the aggregate amount of $295.0 million. we provide additional information about our share repurchases in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "repurchases of ordinary shares."
cash dividends paid to ordinary shareholders - during fiscal 2024, we paid cash dividends totaling $200.6 million or $2.03 per outstanding share. during fiscal 2023, we paid cash dividends totaling $183.5 million or $1.84 per outstanding share.
transactions with noncontrolling interest holders - during fiscal 2024 and 2023, we paid $1.6 million and $0.8 million, respectively, in distributions to noncontrolling interest holders. during fiscal 2024, we also received $3.0 million in contributions from noncontrolling interest holders.
stock option and other equity transactions, net - we generally receive cash for issuing shares upon the exercise of options under our employee stock option program. during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we received cash proceeds totaling $10.5 million and $1.8 million, respectively, under these programs.
cash flow measures. the net cash provided by our operating activities was $973.3 million in fiscal 2024 compared to $756.9 million in fiscal 2023. free cash flow was $620.3 million in fiscal 2024, compared to $409.6 million in fiscal 2023 (see subsection above titled "non-gaap financial measures" for additional information and related reconciliation of cash flows from operations to free cash flow). the fiscal 2024 increase in free cash flow was driven by cash flows from operations as capital spending in fiscal 2024 was comparable to fiscal 2023.
our debt-to-total capital ratio was 33.7% at march 31, 2024 and 33.6% at march 31, 2023.
sources of credit.  our sources of credit as of march 31, 2024 are summarized in the following table:
(dollars in thousands)                             maximum   reductions in                      march 31, 2024 amounts outstanding   march 31, 2024 amounts amounts   available credit                                                        available available   facility for other financial instruments sources of credit private placement senior notes              $751,433         -                                              $751,433                 $-
term loan                                     45,000         -                                                45,000                 -
delayed draw term loan                       593,126         -                                               593,126                 -
revolving credit agreement (1)             1,250,000         11,444                                          484,529                 754,027
senior public notes                        1,350,000         -                                             1,350,000                 -
total sources of credit                   $3,989,559         $11,444                                      $3,224,088                 $754,027
(1) at march 31, 2024, there were $11.4 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit agreement.
our sources of funding from credit as of march 31, 2024 are summarized below:
on march 19, 2021, the company, steris corporation, steris limited ("limited"), and steris irish finco unlimited company ("finco", "steris irish finco"), each as a borrower and guarantor, entered into a credit agreement with various financial institutions as lenders, and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent (the "revolving credit agreement") providing for a $1,250.0 million revolving credit facility (the "revolver"), which replaced a prior revolving credit agreement.
the revolver provides for revolving credit borrowings, swing line borrowings and letters of credit, with sublimits for swing line borrowings and letters of credit. the revolver may be increased in specified circumstances by up to $625.0 million at the discretion of the lenders. the revolver matures on the date that is five years after march 19, 2021, and all unpaid borrowings, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, are repayable on that date. the revolver bears interest from time to time, at either the base rate, the applicable relevant rate, or the applicable adjusted daily simple rfr, as defined in and calculated under and as in effect from time to time under the revolving credit agreement, plus the applicable margin, as defined in the revolving credit agreement. the applicable margin is determined based on the debt rating of steris, as defined in the credit agreement. interest on base rate advances is payable quarterly in arrears, interest on term benchmark advances is payable at the end of the relevant interest period therefor, but in no event less frequently than every three months, and interest on rfr advances is payable monthly after the date of borrowing. swingline borrowings bear interest at a rate to be agreed upon by the applicable swingline lender and the applicable borrower, subject to a cap in the case of swingline borrowings denominated in u.s. dollars equal to the base rate plus the applicable margin for base rate advances plus the facility fee. advances may be extended in u.s. dollars or in specified alternative currencies.
on march 19, 2021, the company, steris corporation, limited, and finco, each as a borrower and guarantor, entered into a term loan agreement with various financial institutions as lenders, and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent (the "term loan agreement") providing for a $550.0 million term loan facility (the "term loan"), which replaced an existing term loan agreement, dated as of november 18, 2020 (the "existing term loan agreement"). the proceeds of the term loan were used to refinance the existing term loan agreement.
the term loan matures on the date that is five years after march 19, 2021 (the "term loan closing date"). no principal payments are due on the term loan for the period beginning from the first full fiscal quarter ended after the term loan closing date to and including the fourth full fiscal quarter ended after the term loan closing date. for the period beginning from the fifth full fiscal quarter ended after the term loan closing date to and including the twelfth full fiscal quarter ended after the term loan closing date, quarterly principal payments, each in the amount of 1.25% of the original principal amount of the term loan, are due on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. for the period beginning from the thirteenth full fiscal quarter ended after the term loan closing date through the maturity of the loan, quarterly principal payments, each in the amount of 1.875% of the original principal amount of the term loan, are due on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. the remaining unpaid principal is due and payable on the maturity date.
the term loan bears interest from time to time, at either the base rate or the adjusted term sofr rate, as defined in and calculated under and as in effect from time to time under the term loan agreement, plus the applicable margin, as defined in the term loan agreement. the applicable margin is determined based on the debt rating of steris, as defined in the term loan agreement. interest on base rate advances is payable quarterly in arrears and interest on term benchmark advances is payable in arrears at the end of the relevant interest period therefor, but in no event less frequently than every three months.
also on march 19, 2021, the company, steris corporation, limited, and finco, each as a borrower and guarantor, entered into a delayed draw term loan agreement with various financial institutions as lenders, and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent (the "delayed draw term loan agreement") providing for a delayed draw term loan facility of up to $750.0 million (the "delayed draw term loan") in connection with steris's acquisition of cantel. during the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we borrowed $650.0 million under our delayed draw term loan agreement. the delayed draw term loan was funded by the lenders upon consummation of the cantel acquisition (the "acquisition closing date"). the proceeds of the delayed draw term loan were used, together with the proceeds from other new indebtedness, to fund the cash consideration for the acquisition, as well as for various other items.
the delayed draw term loan matures on the date that is five years after the acquisition closing date. no principal payments are due on the delayed draw term loan for the period beginning from the first full fiscal quarter ended after the acquisition closing date to and including the fourth full fiscal quarter ended after the acquisition closing date. for the period beginning from the fifth full fiscal quarter ended after the acquisition closing date to and including the twelfth full fiscal quarter ended after the acquisition closing date, quarterly principal payments, each in the amount of 1.25% of the original principal amount of the delayed draw term loan, are due on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. for the period beginning from the thirteenth full fiscal quarter ended after the acquisition closing date through the maturity of the loan, quarterly principal payments, each in the amount of 1.875% of the original principal amount of the delayed draw term loan, are due on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. the remaining unpaid principal is due and payable on the maturity date.
the delayed draw term loan bears interest from time to time, at either the base rate or the adjusted term sofr rate, as defined in and calculated under and as in effect from time to time under the delayed draw term loan agreement, plus the applicable margin, as defined in the delayed draw term loan agreement. the applicable margin is determined based on the debt rating of steris, as defined in the delayed draw term loan agreement. interest on base rate advances is payable quarterly in arrears and interest on term benchmark advances is payable in arrears at the end of the relevant interest period therefor, but in no event less frequently than every three months.
on may 3, 2023, in connection with the upcoming replacement of u.s. dollar libor with sofr, the borrower, guarantors, lenders, and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., each as defined in each of the agreements, amended the revolving credit agreement, the term loan agreement, and the delayed draw term loan agreement. the amendments concern pricing, technical, administrative, and operational changes related to borrowings in u.s. dollars. the above descriptions reflect those amendments.
on april 1, 2021, finco (the "issuer") completed an offering of $1,350.0 million in aggregate principal amount, of its senior notes in two separate tranches: (i) $675.0 million aggregate principal amount of the issuer's 2.70% senior notes due 2031 (the "2031 notes") and (ii) $675.0 million aggregate principal amount of the issuer's 3.750% senior notes due 2051 (the "2051 notes" and, together with the 2031 notes, the "senior public notes"). the senior public notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of april 1, 2021 (the "base indenture"), among finco, the company, steris corporation and limited (the "guarantors") and u.s. bank national association as trustee (the "trustee"), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated as of april 1, 2021, among finco, the guarantors and the trustee (the "supplemental indenture" and, together with the base indenture, the "indenture"). each of the guarantors guaranteed the senior public notes jointly and severally on a senior unsecured basis. the 2031 notes will mature on march 15, 2031 and the 2051 notes will mature on march 15, 2051. the senior public notes will bear interest at the rates set forth above. interest on the senior public notes is payable on march 15 and september 15 of each year, beginning on september 15, 2021, until their respective maturities.
as of march 31, 2024, a total of $484.5 million was outstanding under the revolving credit agreement, based on currency exchange rates as of march 31, 2024. at march 31, 2024, we had $754.0 million of unused funding available under the revolving credit agreement. the revolving credit agreement includes a sub-limit that reduces the maximum amount available to us by letters of credit outstanding. at march 31, 2024, there was $11.4 million in letters of credit outstanding under the credit agreement. as of march 31, 2024, $45.0 million and $593.1 million were outstanding under the term loan and delayed draw term loan, respectively.
our outstanding private placement senior notes at march 31, 2024 were as follows:
(dollars in thousands)        applicable note purchase agreement   maturity date            u.s. dollar value at march 31, 2024
$80,000 senior notes at 3.35%                    2012 private placement   december 2024                           80,000
$25,000 senior notes at 3.55%                    2012 private placement   december 2027                           25,000
$125,000 senior notes at 3.45%                    2015 private placement   may 2025                               125,000
$125,000 senior notes at 3.55%                    2015 private placement   may 2027                               125,000
$100,000 senior notes at 3.70%                    2015 private placement   may 2030                               100,000
$50,000 senior notes at 3.93%                    2017 private placement   february 2027                           50,000
60,000 senior notes at 1.86%                    2017 private placement   february 2027                           64,708
$45,000 senior notes at 4.03%                    2017 private placement   february 2029                           45,000
20,000 senior notes at 2.04%                    2017 private placement   february 2029                           21,569
45,000 senior notes at 3.04%                    2017 private placement   february 2029                           56,799
19,000 senior notes at 2.30%                    2017 private placement   february 2032                           20,491
30,000 senior notes at 3.17%                    2017 private placement   february 2032                           37,866
total senior notes                                                                                   $751,433
the private placement senior notes were issued as follows:
on february 27, 2017, limited issued and sold an aggregate principal amount of $95.0 million, 99.0 million, and 75.0 million of senior notes in a private placement to certain institutional investors in an offering that was exempt from the registration requirements of the securities act of 1933. these notes have maturities of between 10 years and 15 years from the issue date. the agreement governing these notes contains leverage and interest coverage covenants.
on may 15, 2015, steris corporation issued and sold $350.0 million of senior notes in a private placement to certain institutional investors in an offering that was exempt from the registration requirements of the securities act of 1933. these notes have maturities of 10 years to 15 years from the issue date. the agreement governing these notes contains leverage and interest coverage covenants.
in december 2012 and in february 2013, steris corporation issued and sold $200.0 million of senior notes in a private placement to certain institutional investors in offerings that were exempt from the registration requirements of the securities act of 1933. the agreement governing the notes contains leverage and interest coverage covenants.
on march 19, 2021, steris corporation as issuer, and the company, limited and finco, as guarantors, entered into (1) a first amendment to amended and restated note purchase agreement dated march 5, 2019 (which had amended and restated certain note purchase agreements originally dated december 4, 2012) per the 2012 and 2013 senior notes (the "2012 amendment"), and (2) a first amendment to amended and restated note purchase agreement dated march 5, 2019 (which had amended and restated certain note purchase agreements originally dated march 31, 2015) for the 2015 senior notes (the "2015 amendment"). also on march 19, 2021, limited, as issuer, and the company, steris corporation and finco, as guarantors, entered into a first amendment to amended and restated note purchase agreement dated march 5, 2019 (which had amended and restated a certain note purchase agreement originally dated january 23, 2017) for the 2017 senior notes (together with the 2012 amendment and the 2015 amendment, the "npa amendments"). the npa amendments provided, among other things, for the waiver of certain repurchase rights of the note holders and increased the size of certain baskets to more closely align with other current credit agreement baskets.
at march 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants associated with our indebtedness. for additional information on our sources of funding and credit, refer to note 8 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "debt."
capital expenditures our capital expenditure program is a component of our long-term strategy. this program includes, among other things, investments in new and existing facilities, business expansion projects, radioisotope (cobalt-60), and information technology enhancements and research and development advances. during fiscal 2024, our capital expenditures amounted to $360.3 million. we use cash provided by operating activities and our cash and cash equivalent balances to fund capital expenditures. in fiscal 2025, we plan to continue to invest in facility expansions, particularly within the healthcare and ast segments and in ongoing maintenance for existing facilities.
material future cash obligations and commercial commitments cash requirements. we intend to use our existing cash and cash equivalent balances and cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and meet our other liquidity needs. our capital requirements depend on many uncertain factors, including our rate of sales growth, our customers' acceptance of our products and services, the costs of obtaining adequate manufacturing capacities, the timing and extent of our research and development projects, changes in our operating expenses and other factors. to the extent that existing and anticipated sources of cash are not sufficient to fund our future activities, we may need to raise additional funds through additional borrowings or the sale of equity securities. there can be no assurance that our financing arrangements will provide us with sufficient funds or that we will be able to obtain any additional funds on terms favorable to us or at all.
our material future cash obligations and commercial commitments as of march 31, 2024 are presented in the following tables. commercial commitments include standby letters of credit, letters of credit required as security under our self-insured risk retention policies, and other potential cash outflows resulting from events that require us to fulfill commitments. due to the announced sale of the dental segment, dental is classified as a discontinued operation. as such, obligations included below do not include the dental segment.
payments due by march 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                           2025                      2026                      2027                      2028                 2029 and thereafter               total material future cash obligations:
debt                                                                                      $165,938                  $662,029                  $614,396                  $150,000                    $1,631,725               $3,224,088
operating leases                                                                            37,947                    32,598                    23,094                    18,662                       104,609                  216,910
purchase obligations                                                                       167,211                    48,855                         -                         -                             -                  216,066
benefit payments under defined benefit plans                                                 4,842                     4,761                     4,901                     5,017                        33,334                   52,855
trust assets available for benefit payments under defined benefit plans                    (4,842)                   (4,761)                   (4,901)                   (5,017)                      (33,334)                 (52,855)
benefit payments under other post-retirement benefits plans                                    994                       890                       804                       712                         2,906                    6,306
total material future cash obligations                                                    $372,090                  $744,372                  $638,294                  $169,374                    $1,739,240               $3,663,370
the table above includes only the principal amounts of our material future cash obligations. we provide information about the interest component of our long-term debt in the subsection of md&a titled, "liquidity and capital resources," and in note 8 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "debt."
purchase obligations shown in the table above relate to minimum purchase commitments with suppliers for materials purchases and long-term construction contracts.
the table above excludes contributions we make to our defined contribution plans. our future contributions to the defined contribution plans depend on uncertain factors, such as the amount and timing of employee contributions and discretionary employer contributions. we provide additional information about our defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plan, and other post-retirement benefits plan in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "benefit plans."
amount of commitment expiring march 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                                        2025                                          2026   2027                        2028                                         2029 and thereafter             totals commercial commitments:
letters of credit and surety bonds                                                          90,095                       445                       7,998                       1,359                              $530               $100,427
letters of credit as security for self-insured risk retention policies                       9,975                         -                           -                           -                                 -                  9,975
total commercial commitments                                                              $100,070                      $445                      $7,998                      $1,359                              $530               $110,402
supplemental guarantor financial information steris plc ("parent") and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, limited and steris corporation (collectively "guarantors" and each a "guarantor"), each have provided guarantees of the obligations of finco, a wholly-owned subsidiary issuer, under senior public notes issued by finco on april 1, 2021 and of certain other obligations relating to the senior public notes. the senior public notes are guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis. the senior public notes and the related guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of finco and the guarantors, respectively, and are equal in priority with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the issuer and the guarantors, respectively, from time to time outstanding, including, as applicable, under the private placement senior notes, borrowings under the revolving credit facility, the term loan and the delayed draw term loan.
all of the liabilities of non-guarantor direct and indirect subsidiaries of steris, other than steris irish finco, steris limited and steris corporation, including any claims of trade creditors, are effectively senior to the senior public notes.
steris irish finco's main objective and source of revenues and cash flows is the provision of short- and long-term financing for the activities of steris plc and its subsidiaries.
the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends, interest and other fees to the issuer and ability of the issuer and guarantors to service the senior public notes may be restricted by, among other things, applicable corporate and other laws and regulations as well as agreements to which our subsidiaries are or may become a party.
the following is a summary of these guarantees:
guarantees of senior notes
parent company guarantor - steris plc
subsidiary issuer - steris irish finco unlimited company
subsidiary guarantor - steris limited
subsidiary guarantor - steris corporation the guarantee of a guarantor will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged:
in the case of a subsidiary guarantor, upon the sale, transfer or other disposition (including by way of consolidation or merger) of such subsidiary guarantor, other than to the parent or a subsidiary of the parent and as permitted by the indenture;
in the case of a subsidiary guarantor, upon the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of such subsidiary guarantor, other than to the parent or a subsidiary of the parent and as permitted by the indenture;
in the case of a subsidiary guarantor, at such time as such subsidiary guarantor is no longer a borrower under or no longer guarantees any material credit facility (subject to restatement in specified circumstances);
upon the legal defeasance or covenant defeasance of the notes or the discharge of the issuer's obligations under the indenture in accordance with the terms of the indenture;
as described in accordance with the terms of the indenture; or
in the case of the parent, if the issuer ceases for any reason to be a subsidiary of the parent; provided that all guarantees and other obligations of the parent in respect of all other indebtedness under any material credit facility of the issuer terminate upon the issuer ceasing to be a subsidiary of the parent; and
upon such guarantor delivering to the trustee an officer's certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in the indenture relating to such transaction or release have been complied with.
the obligations of each guarantor under its guarantee are expressly limited to the maximum amount that such guarantor could guarantee without such guarantee constituting a fraudulent conveyance. each guarantor that makes a payment under its guarantee will be entitled upon payment in full of all guaranteed obligations under the indenture to a contribution from each guarantor in an amount equal to such other guarantor's pro rata portion of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the following tables present summarized results of operations for the year ended march 31, 2024 and summarized balance sheet information at march 31, 2024 and 2023 for the obligor group of the senior public notes. the obligor group consists of the parent company guarantor, subsidiary issuer, and subsidiary guarantors for the senior public notes. the summarized financial information is presented after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the guarantors and issuer and (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor or issuer. transactions with non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries have been presented separately.
summarized results of operations
(in thousands)                                                                                                                                 twelve months ended march 31,
2024
revenues                                                                                                                                       $2,895,406
gross profit                                                                                                                                    1,658,167
operating costs arising from transactions with non-issuers and non-guarantors - net                                                               752,338
income from operations                                                                                                                            916,773
non-operating income (expense) arising from transactions with subsidiaries that are non-issuers and non-guarantors - net                          396,113
net income                                                                                                                                       $359,726
summarized balance sheet information
(in thousands)
march 31,                      march 31,
2024                                                                                                      2023
receivables due from non-issuers and non-guarantor subsidiaries                       $19,120,843                    $17,797,185
other current assets                                                                      846,149                        614,233
total current assets                                                                  $19,966,992                    $18,411,418
non-current receivables due from non-issuers and non-guarantor subsidiaries            $1,797,274                     $1,827,125
goodwill                                                                                  292,559                         96,892
other non-current assets                                                                  642,240                        303,223
total non-current assets                                                               $2,732,073                     $2,227,240
payables due to non-issuers and non-guarantor subsidiaries                            $21,415,901                    $19,347,473
other current liabilities                                                                 289,047                        255,746
total current liabilities                                                             $21,704,948                    $19,603,219
non-current payables due to non-issuers and non-guarantor subsidiaries                   $598,730                       $684,985
other non-current liabilities                                                           3,247,978                      3,128,853
total non-current liabilities                                                          $3,846,708                     $3,813,838
credit ratings steris's senior public notes have been assigned the following credit ratings:
standard &amp; poor's         moody's        fitch credit ratings (1)                  bbb                           baa2           bbb
(1) effective april 18, 2024
each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically and there is no guarantee our current credit ratings will remain the same. if our credit ratings were lowered, our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances could be adversely impacted.
critical accounting estimates and assumptions the following subsections describe our most critical accounting estimates, and assumptions. our accounting policies and recently issued accounting pronouncements are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "nature of operations and summary of significant accounting policies."
estimates and assumptions.  our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements that were prepared in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles. we make certain estimates and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when preparing these financial statements. these estimates and assumptions involve judgments with respect to numerous factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond management's control. as a result, actual amounts could be materially different from these estimates. we periodically review these critical accounting policies, estimates, assumptions, and the related disclosures with the audit committee of the company's board of directors.
revenue recognition.  revenue is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract are satisfied and control of the promised products or services has transferred to the customer. revenues are measured at the amount of consideration that we expect to be paid in exchange for the products or services. product revenue is recognized when control passes to the customer, which is generally based on contract or shipping terms. service revenue is recognized when the customer benefits from the service, which occurs either upon completion of the service or as it is provided to the customer. our customers include end users as well as dealers and distributors who market and sell our products. our revenue is not contingent upon resale by the dealer or distributor, and we have no further obligations related to bringing about resale. our standard return and restocking fee policies are applied to sales of products. shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in product revenues. the associated expenses are treated as fulfillment costs and are included in cost of revenues. revenues are reported net of sales and value-added taxes collected from customers.
we have individual customer contracts that offer discounted pricing. dealers and distributors may be offered sales incentives in the form of rebates. we reduce revenue for discounts and estimated returns, rebates, and other similar allowances in the same period the related revenues are recorded. the reduction in revenue for these items is estimated based on historical experience and trend analysis to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur. estimated returns are recorded gross on the consolidated balance sheets.
in transactions that contain multiple performance obligations, such as when products, maintenance services, and other services are combined, we recognize revenue as each product is delivered or service is provided to the customer. we allocate the total arrangement consideration to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price, which is the price for the product or service when it is sold separately.
payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. generally, the time between when revenue is recognized and when payment is due is not significant. we do not evaluate whether the selling price contains a financing component for contracts that have a duration of less than one year.
we do not capitalize sales commissions as substantially all of our sales commission programs have an amortization period of one year or less.
certain costs to fulfill a contract are capitalized and amortized over the term of the contract if they are recoverable, directly related to a contract and generate resources that we will use to fulfill the contract in the future. at march 31, 2024, assets related to costs to fulfill a contract were not material to our consolidated financial statements.
inventories and reserves. inventories are stated at the lower of their cost and net realizable value determined by the first-in, first-out cost method. inventory costs include material, labor, and overhead.
we review inventory on an ongoing basis, considering factors such as deterioration and obsolescence. we record an allowance for estimated losses when the facts and circumstances indicate that particular inventories will not be usable. if future market conditions vary from those projected, and our estimates prove to be inaccurate, we may be required to write-down inventory values and record an adjustment to cost of revenues.
asset impairment losses.  property, plant, equipment, and identifiable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. impaired assets are recorded at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value. we conduct this review on an ongoing basis and, if impairment exists, we record the loss in the consolidated statements of income during that period.
when we evaluate assets for impairment, we make certain judgments and estimates, including interpreting current economic indicators and market valuations, evaluating our strategic plans with regards to operations, historical and anticipated performance of operations, and other factors. if we incorrectly anticipate these factors, or unexpected events occur, our operating results could be materially affected.
purchase accounting and goodwill.  assets and liabilities of the business acquired are accounted for at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. we supplement management expertise with valuation specialists in performing appraisals to assist us in determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. these valuations require us to make estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. we generally amortize our intangible assets over their estimated useful lives with the exception of indefinite lived intangible assets. we do not amortize goodwill, but we evaluate it annually for impairment. therefore, the allocation of the purchase price to intangible assets and goodwill has a significant impact on future operating results.
we evaluate the recoverability of recorded goodwill amounts annually, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. we may consider qualitative indicators of the fair value of a reporting unit when it is unlikely that a reporting unit has impaired goodwill. we may also utilize a discounted cash flow analysis that requires certain assumptions and estimates be made regarding market conditions and our future profitability. in those circumstances, we test goodwill for impairment by reviewing the book value compared to the fair value at the reporting unit level. we calculate the fair value of our reporting units based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. management's judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate future cash flows to measure fair value. assumptions used in our impairment evaluations, such as forecasted growth rates and cost of capital, are consistent with internal projections and operating plans. we believe such assumptions and estimates are also comparable to those that would be used by other marketplace participants.
we evaluate indefinite lived intangible assets annually, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. we evaluate several qualitative indicators and assumptions, and trends that influence the valuation of the assets to determine if any evidence of potential impairment exists.
income taxes.  our provision for income taxes is based on our current period income, changes in deferred income tax assets and liabilities, income tax rates, changes in uncertain tax benefits, and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the respective governmental taxing authorities. we use judgment in determining our annual effective income tax rate and evaluating our tax positions. we prepare and file tax returns based on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations, and we record estimates based on these judgments and interpretations. we cannot be sure that the tax authorities will agree with all of the tax positions taken by us. the actual income tax liability for each jurisdiction in any year can, in some instances, ultimately be determined several years after the tax return is filed and the financial statements are published.
we evaluate our tax positions using the recognition threshold and measurement attribute in accordance with current accounting guidance. we determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. in evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority and that the taxing authority will have full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the appropriate unit of account for determining what constitutes an individual tax position, and whether the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is met for a tax position, is a matter of judgment based on the individual facts and circumstances of that position evaluated in light of all available evidence. we review and adjust our tax estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by and settlements with the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and precedent.
we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. we regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences, and the implementation of tax planning strategies. if we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions, or if there is a material change in the effective income tax rates or time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowance, which would increase our effective income tax rate and could result in an adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we believe that adequate accruals have been made for income taxes. differences between the estimated and actual amounts determined upon ultimate resolution, individually or in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, but could possibly be material to our consolidated results of operations or cash flows for any one period.
additional information regarding income taxes is included in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "income taxes."
self-insurance liabilities.  we record a liability for self-insured risks that we retain for general and product liabilities, workers' compensation, and automobile liabilities based on actuarial calculations. we use our historical loss experience and actuarial methods to calculate the estimated liability. this liability includes estimated amounts for both known losses and incurred but not reported claims. we review the assumptions used to calculate the estimated liability at least annually to evaluate the adequacy of the amount recorded. we maintain insurance policies to cover losses greater than our estimated liability, which are subject to the terms and conditions of those policies. the obligation covered by insurance contracts will remain on the balance sheet as we remain liable to the extent insurance carriers do not meet their obligation. estimated amounts receivable under the contracts are included in the "prepaid expenses and other current assets" line, and the "other assets" line of our consolidated balance sheets. our accrual for self-insured risk retention as of march 31, 2024 and 2023 was $30.7 million and $30.4 million, respectively and is included in accrued expenses and other and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
we are also self-insured for employee medical claims. we estimate a liability for incurred but not reported claims based upon recent claims experience. our self-insured liabilities contain uncertainties because management must make assumptions and apply judgments to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date. if actual results are not consistent with these assumptions and judgments, we could be exposed to additional costs in subsequent periods.
contingencies.  we are, and will likely continue to be, involved in a number of legal proceedings, government investigations, and claims, which we believe generally arise in the course of our business, given our size, history, complexity, and the nature of our business, products, customers, regulatory environment, and industries in which we participate. these legal proceedings, investigations and claims generally involve a variety of legal theories and allegations, including, without limitation, personal injury (e.g., slip and falls, burns, vehicle accidents), product liability or regulation (e.g., based on product operation or claimed malfunction, failure to warn, failure to meet specification, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements), product exposure (e.g., claimed exposure to chemicals, gases, asbestos, contaminants, radiation), property damage (e.g., claimed damage due to leaking equipment, fire, vehicles, chemicals), commercial claims (e.g., breach of contract, economic loss, warranty, misrepresentation), financial (e.g., taxes, reporting), employment (e.g., wrongful termination, discrimination, benefits matters), and other claims for damage and relief.
we record a liability for such contingencies to the extent we conclude that their occurrence is both probable and estimable. we consider many factors in making these assessments, including the professional judgment of experienced members of management and our legal counsel. we have made estimates as to the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and the amounts of such potential losses. in our opinion, the ultimate outcome of these proceedings and claims is not anticipated to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. however, the ultimate outcome of proceedings, government investigations, and claims is unpredictable and actual results could be materially different from our estimates. we record expected recoveries under applicable insurance contracts when we are assured of recovery. refer to note 12 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "commitments and contingencies" for additional information.
we are subject to taxation from federal, state and local, and foreign jurisdictions. tax positions are settled primarily through the completion of audits within each individual tax jurisdiction or the closing of a statute of limitation. changes in applicable tax law or other events may also require us to revise past estimates. the irs of the united states routinely conducts audits of our federal income tax returns.
additional information regarding our commitments and contingencies is included in note 12 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "commitments and contingencies."
benefit plans.  we provide defined benefit pension plans for certain employees and retirees. in addition, we sponsor an unfunded post-retirement benefits plan for two groups of united states retirees. benefits under this plan include retiree life insurance and retiree medical insurance, including prescription drug coverage.
employee pension and post-retirement benefits plans are a cost of conducting business and represent obligations that will be settled in the future and therefore, require us to use estimates and make certain assumptions to calculate the expense and liabilities related to the plans. changes to these estimates and assumptions can result in different expense and liability amounts. future actual experience may be significantly different from our current expectations. we believe that the most critical assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs and projected benefit obligations are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate. a summary of significant assumptions used to determine the march 31, 2024 projected benefit obligations and the fiscal 2024 net periodic benefit costs is as follows:
synergy health plc        isotron bv        synergy health daniken ag   synergy health radeberg       synergy health allershausen         harwell dosimeters ltd        u.s. post-
retirement benefits plan funding status                                                       funded            funded                         unfunded   unfunded                      unfunded                            funded                        unfunded assumptions used to determine march 31, 2024
benefit obligations:
discount rate                                                 4.80        %        3.40     %                  1.50          %   3.80                %         3.50                    %           4.80                %         5.00                  %
assumptions used to determine fiscal 2024
net periodic benefit costs:
discount rate                                                 4.70        %        3.70     %                  1.50          %   2.00                %         2.20                    %           4.85                %         4.75                  %
expected return on plan assets                                6.10        %        3.70     %                  1.50          %   n/a                           n/a                                 n/a                           n/a na - not applicable.
we develop our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions by evaluating input from third-party professional advisors, taking into consideration the asset allocation of the portfolios, and the long-term asset class return expectations. generally, net periodic benefit costs increase as the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption decreases. holding all other assumptions constant, lowering the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption for our funded defined benefit pension plans by 50 basis points would have increased the fiscal 2024 benefit costs by less than $0.2 million.
we develop our discount rate assumptions by evaluating input from third-party professional advisers, taking into consideration the current yield on country specific investment grade long-term bonds which provide for similar cash flow streams as our projected benefit obligations. generally, the projected benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit costs both increase as the discount rate assumption decreases. holding all other assumptions constant, lowering the discount rate assumption for our defined benefit pension plans and for the other post-retirement benefits plan by 50 basis points would have decreased the fiscal 2024 net periodic benefit costs by less than $0.1 million and would have increased the projected benefit obligations by approximately $8.0 million at march 31, 2024.
we have made assumptions regarding healthcare costs in computing our other post-retirement benefit obligation. the assumed rates of increase generally decline ratably over a five year-period from the assumed current year healthcare cost trend rate of 7.5% to the assumed long-term healthcare cost trend rate. a 100 basis point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate (including medical, prescription drug, and long-term rates) would have had the following effect at march 31, 2024:
100 basis point
(dollars in thousands)                                      increase                   decrease effect on total service and interest cost components        $-                         $-
effect on postretirement benefit obligation                 1                          (1)
we recognize an asset for the overfunded status or a liability for the underfunded status of defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans in our balance sheets. this amount is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation (the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for other post-retirement benefit plans). changes in the funded status of the plans are recorded in other comprehensive income in the year they occur. we measure plan assets and obligations as of the balance sheet date. note 11 to our consolidated financial statements titled, "benefit plans," contains additional information about our pension and other post-retirement welfare benefits plans.
forward-looking statements this form 10-k may contain statements concerning certain trends, expectations, forecasts, estimates, or other forward-looking information affecting or relating to steris or its industry, products or activities that are intended to qualify for the protections afforded "forward-looking statements" under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and other laws and regulations. forward-looking statements speak only as to the date the statement is made and may be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as "may," "will," "expects," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "projects," "targets," "forecasts," "outlook," "impact," "potential," "confidence," "improve," "optimistic," "deliver," "orders," "backlog," "comfortable," "trend", and "seeks," or the negative of such terms or other variations on such terms or comparable terminology. many important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements related to the expected benefits of and timing of completion of the restructuring plan, disruption of production or supplies, changes in market conditions, political events, pending or future claims or litigation, competitive factors, technology advances, actions of regulatory agencies, and changes in laws, government regulations, labeling or product approvals or the application or interpretation thereof. many of these important factors are outside of steris's control. no assurances can be provided as to any result or the timing of any outcome regarding matters described in steris's securities filings or otherwise with respect to any regulatory action, administrative proceedings, government investigations, litigation, warning letters, cost reductions, business strategies, earnings or revenue trends or future financial results. references to products are summaries only and should not be considered the specific terms of the product clearance or literature. unless legally required, steris does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements even if events make clear that any projected results, express or implied, will not be realized. other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, (a) the ability to consummate the previously announced sale of steris's dental business segment (the "transaction") on the expected terms and within the anticipated time period, or at all, which is dependent on the satisfaction of certain closing conditions, some of which are outside of steris's control, (b) steris's ability to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, including the earnout payment, (c) the risk that regulatory approvals that are required to complete the transaction may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose adverse conditions, (d) the impact of public health crises on steris's operations, supply chain, material and labor costs, performance, results, prospects, or value, (e) steris's ability to achieve the expected benefits regarding the accounting and tax treatments of the redomiciliation to ireland , (f) operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) being greater than expected, (g) steris's ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses into its existing businesses, including unknown or inestimable liabilities, impairments, or increases in expected integration costs or difficulties in connection with the integration of such businesses, (h) uncertainties related to tax treatments under the tcja and the ira, (i) the possibility that pillar two model rules could increase tax uncertainty and adversely impact steris's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate and subject steris to additional income tax in jurisdictions who adopt pillar two model rules, (j) steris's ability to continue to qualify for benefits under certain income tax treaties in light of ratification of more strict income tax treaty rules (through the mli) in many jurisdictions where steris has operations, (k) changes in tax laws or interpretations that could increase our consolidated tax liabilities, including changes in tax laws that would result in steris being treated as a domestic corporation for united states federal tax purposes, (l) the potential for increased pressure on pricing or costs that leads to erosion of profit margins, including as a result of inflation, (m) the possibility that market demand will not develop for new technologies, products or applications or services, or business initiatives will take longer, cost more or produce lower benefits than anticipated, (n) the possibility that application of or compliance with laws, court rulings, certifications, regulations, or regulatory actions, including without limitation any of the same relating to fda, epa or other regulatory authorities, government investigations, the outcome of any pending or threatened fda, epa or other regulatory warning notices, actions, requests, inspections or submissions, the outcome of any pending or threatened litigation brought by private parties, or other requirements or standards may delay, limit or prevent new product or service introductions, affect the production, supply and/or marketing of existing products or services, result in costs to steris that may not be covered by insurance, or otherwise affect steris's performance, results, prospects or value, (o) the potential of international unrest, including the russia-ukraine or israel-hamas military conflicts, economic downturn or effects of currencies, tax assessments, tariffs and/or other trade barriers, adjustments or anticipated rates, raw material costs or availability, benefit or retirement plan costs, or other regulatory compliance costs, (p) the possibility of reduced demand, or reductions in the rate of growth in demand, for steris's products and services, (q) the possibility of delays in receipt of orders, order cancellations, or delays in the manufacture or shipment of ordered products, due to supply chain issues or otherwise, or in the provision of services, (r) the possibility that anticipated growth, cost savings, new product acceptance, performance or approvals, or other results may not be achieved, or that transition, labor, competition, timing, execution, impairments, regulatory, governmental, or other issues or risks associated with steris's businesses, industry or initiatives including, without limitation, those matters described in steris's various securities filings, may adversely impact steris's performance, results, prospects or value, (s) the impact on steris and its operations, or tax liabilities, of brexit or the exit of other member countries from the eu, and the company's ability to respond to such impacts, (t) the impact on steris and its operations of any legislation, regulations or orders, including but not limited to any new trade or tax legislation (including camt and excise tax on stock buybacks), regulations or orders, that may be implemented by the u.s. administration or congress, or of any responses thereto, (u) the possibility that anticipated financial results or benefits of recent acquisitions, of steris's restructuring efforts, or of recent divestitures, including anticipated revenue, productivity improvement, cost savings, growth synergies and other anticipated benefits, will not be realized or will be other than anticipated, (v) the level of steris's indebtedness limiting financial flexibility or increasing future borrowing costs,
(w) rating agency actions or other occurrences that could affect steris's existing debt or future ability to borrow funds at rates favorable to steris or at all, (x) the effects of changes in credit availability and pricing, as well as the ability of steris's customers and suppliers to adequately access the credit markets, on favorable terms or at all, when needed, and (y) the possibility that our expectations about the pre-tax savings resulting from the restructuring plan, the number of positions eliminated pursuant to the restructuring plan and the costs, charges and cash expenditures associated with the restructuring plan may not be realized on the timeline or timelines we expect, or at all.
