item 1a. risk factors the company's business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, including those risks set forth under the heading entitled "cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995" in item 7, and in other documents that the company files with the sec, before making any investment decision with respect to its securities. if any of the risks or uncertainties actually occur or develop, the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could change. under these circumstances, the trading prices of the company's securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in the company's securities.
strategic risks the successful execution of the company's business strategy depends on its ability to recruit, retain, train, motivate, and develop employees and execute effective succession planning.
the success of the company's efforts to grow its business depends on the contributions and abilities of key executives and management personnel, its sales force and other personnel, including the ability of its sales force to adapt to any changes made in the sales organization and achieve adequate customer coverage. the company must therefore continue to recruit, retain, train and motivate management, sales and other personnel sufficiently to maintain its current business and support its projected growth. in addition, the company must invest heavily in reskilling and upskilling its employees, including placing an emphasis on lifelong learning. additionally, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees could have a negative effect on the company's results of operations.
a shortage of key employees might jeopardize the company's ability to implement its business strategy, and changes in the key management team can result in loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, departure of other key employees, disruptions to the company's operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. the company's reputation, business, revenue and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if it is unable to recruit, retain, train, motivate, and develop employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels.
the company's acquisitions, exiting of businesses, divestitures, strategic investments and alliances and joint ventures, as well as general business reorganizations, may result in financial results that are different than expected and certain risks for its business and operations.
as part of the company's strategy, it may acquire businesses or assets, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further its business (collectively, "business combinations and investment transactions"), and also handle any post-closing issues, such as integration and transition services. the company may make additional divestitures or pursue acquisitions in the future.
risks associated with business combinations and investment transactions include the following, any of which could adversely affect the company's financial results, including its effective tax rate:
•the failure to identify the most suitable candidates for acquisitions and to close on such acquisitions within desired time frames and at a reasonable cost;
•difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, or disposing of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than the company had anticipated;
•the ability to conduct and evaluate the results of due diligence with respect to business combinations and investment transactions;
•the failure to identify significant issues with a target company's product quality, financial disclosures, accounting practices or internal control deficiencies or the factors necessary to estimate reasonably accurate costs, timing and other matters, and the failure to identify, or accurately assess the risks of, historical practices of target companies that would create liability or other exposures for the company if they continue post-completion or as a result of successor liability;
•the difficulties and cost in obtaining any necessary regulatory or government approvals on acceptable terms and any delay from the inability to satisfy pre-closing conditions;
•the anticipated additional revenues from the acquired companies do not materialize, despite extensive due diligence;
•the acquired businesses may lose market acceptance or profitability;
•difficulties in retaining existing or attracting new business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers and other counterparties;
•the impact of divestitures on the company's revenue growth may be larger than projected, as the company may experience greater dis-synergies than expected;
•the diversion of company management's attention and other resources;
•incurring significant restructuring charges and amortization expense, assuming liabilities, ongoing or new lawsuits related to the transaction or otherwise or pre-closing regulatory violations of the acquired business, potential impairment of acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, and increasing the company's expenses and working capital requirements;
•continued financial involvement in a divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations;
•increased volatility and market vulnerability as a result of a more focused portfolio following completion of business combinations and investment transactions; and
•the loss of key personnel, distributors, clients or customers of acquired companies and difficulty in maintaining employee morale.
in addition, the current and the proposed changes to the u.s. and foreign regulatory approval process and requirements in connection with an acquisition or divestiture may jeopardize, delay or reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction to the company. failure to effectively integrate acquired companies, strategic investments and alliances, consummate or manage any future acquisitions, exit businesses or consummate divestitures, or general business reorganizations, and mitigate the related risks, may adversely affect the company's existing businesses and harm its operational results due to large write-offs, significant restructuring costs, contingent liabilities, substantial depreciation, and/or adverse tax or other consequences. the company cannot ensure that such integrations and reorganizations will be successfully completed or that all of the planned synergies and other benefits will be realized.
business and operational risks the company's business is subject to risks associated with sourcing, manufacturing and maintaining appropriate inventory levels.
the company imports large quantities of finished goods, component parts and raw materials. lead times for these items vary significantly and may be further impacted by global shortages of critical components. global supply chain constraints in the wake of geopolitical tensions and conflicts have, and could again, adversely impact the availability and lead times for products, component parts and raw materials and thus negatively impact the company's results of operations. specifically, the company sources materials from south korea, china and taiwan, and any future tensions or conflicts in such regions could cause material disruptions in the company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers. other potential consequences arising from the further escalation of conflicts and global geopolitical tensions cannot be predicted.
in addition, the company's ability to import these items in a timely and cost-effective manner may be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as fluctuations in freight costs, port and shipping capacity, labor disputes and shortages, severe weather, including severe weather due to climate change, or increased homeland security requirements in the u.s. and other countries. these issues have delayed, and could delay in the future, importation of products or require the company to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. these alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on the company's business and financial condition.
the company also relies on its ability to maintain inventory levels appropriate to meet consumer and customer demand. the company is focused on optimizing inventory levels via improved supply chain conditions and strategic inventory management through the global cost reduction program implemented in mid-2022, which includes an initiative to reduce inventory levels by reducing complexity through sku rationalization. any failure to achieve sku rationalization efforts in an efficient manner or reduce inventory levels in general, or otherwise maintain appropriate inventory levels to meet consumer and customer demand, may expose the company to risks of excess inventory and less marketable or obsolete inventory and could require the company to sell excess or obsolete inventory at a discount, which could result in inventory write-offs that would negatively impact the company's revenues and profit margin.
substantially all of the company's import operations are subject to customs requirements and to tariffs and quotas set by governments through mutual agreements, bilateral actions or, in some cases unilateral action. in addition, the countries in which the company's products and materials are manufactured or imported from (including importation into the u.s. of the company's products manufactured overseas) may from time to time impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions on its imports (including restrictions on manufacturing operations) or adversely modify existing restrictions. changes in u.s. policy regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, have negatively impacted the company's business. for example, in 2018 the u.s. imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from china and certain other countries, which resulted in retaliatory tariffs by china and other countries. similar u.s. actions and any corresponding retaliatory efforts, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that the company may not be able to offset or otherwise adversely impact the company's results of operations. imports are also subject to unpredictable foreign currency changes which may increase the company's cost of goods sold. adverse changes in these import costs and restrictions, or failure by the company's suppliers to comply with customs regulations or similar laws, could harm the company's business.
the company's operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations such as the united states-mexico-canada agreement, and the activities and regulations of the world trade organization. although these trade agreements generally have positive effects on trade liberalization, sourcing flexibility and cost of goods by reducing or eliminating the duties and/or quotas assessed on products manufactured in a particular country, trade agreements can also impose requirements that adversely affect the company's business, such as setting quotas on products that may be imported from a particular country into key markets including the u.s. or the european union ("eu"), or making it easier for other companies to compete, by eliminating restrictions on products from countries where the company's competitors source products.
the company also relies on its suppliers to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. the company's ability to find qualified suppliers who meet its standards, including a majority of suppliers by spend having carbon emission reduction targets, and supply products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner is a significant challenge with the increasing demand from customers, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the u.s. for certain products, the company may rely on one or very few suppliers. a supplier's failure to meet the company's standards, provide products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner, or comply with applicable laws is beyond the company's control. these issues could have a material negative impact on the company's business and profitability. poor quality or an insecure supply chain, may also adversely affect the reliability and reputation of the company.
the effects of extreme weather conditions, including as a result of climate change, could also place capacity constraints on the company's supply chain. for example, steel and copper are critical to the design of the company's products and some countries, including chile and australia from which steel and copper are sourced, have experienced and are expected to continue to experience severe weather. a severe weather event in these countries could cause disruptions in the company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers.
changes in customer preferences, the inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers, inventory reductions by customers, and the inability to penetrate new channels of distribution could adversely affect the company's business.
the company has certain significant customers, particularly home centers and major retailers. in 2023, the two largest customers comprised approximately 27% of consolidated net sales, with u.s. and international mass merchants and home centers collectively comprising approximately 42% of consolidated net sales. the loss or material reduction of business, the lack of success of sales initiatives, or changes in customer preferences or loyalties for the company's products, related to any such significant customer could have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the company's major customers are volume purchasers, a few of which are much larger than the company, and have strong bargaining power with suppliers. this factor limits the ability to recover cost increases through higher selling prices. furthermore, unanticipated inventory adjustments by these customers can have a negative impact on the company's net sales.
in times of tough economic conditions, the company has experienced significant distributor inventory corrections reflecting de-stocking of the supply chain associated with difficult credit markets. such distributor de-stocking exacerbated sales volume declines pertaining to weak end user demand and the broader economic recession. the company's results may be adversely impacted in future periods by such customer inventory adjustments. further, the inability to continue to penetrate new channels of distribution may have a negative impact on the company's future results.
the company faces active global competition and if it does not compete effectively, its business may suffer.
the company faces active competition and resulting pricing pressures. the company's products compete on the basis of, among other things, its reputation for product quality, its well-known brands, price, innovation and customer service capabilities. the company competes with both larger and smaller companies that offer the same or similar products and services or that produce different products appropriate for the same uses. these companies are often located in countries such as china, taiwan and india where labor and other production costs are substantially lower than in the u.s., canada and western europe. also, certain large customers offer house brands that compete with some of the company's product offerings as a lower-cost alternative. to remain profitable and maintain or grow market share, the company must maintain a competitive cost structure, develop new products and services, lead product innovation, respond to competitor innovations and enhance its existing products in a timely manner. the company also competes for labor, particularly in its manufacturing facilities, which can drive higher labor costs and adversely impact its ability to efficiently operate. any failure to attract and retain employees at the company's manufacturing facilities or in other parts of the company's operations may adversely affect its business and ability to meet customer demand, which in turn could adversely affect the company's liquidity and results of operations. the company may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts and with all of its competitors, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profits.
operational excellence, one element of the supply chain transformation, is a continuous operational improvement process applied to many aspects of the company's business such as procurement, quality in manufacturing, maximizing customer fill rates, integrating acquisitions and other key business processes. in the event the company is not successful in effectively applying the operational excellence principles to its key business processes, including those of acquired businesses, its ability to compete and future earnings could be adversely affected.
in addition, the company may have to reduce prices on its products and services, or make other concessions, to stay competitive. price reductions taken by the company in response to customer and competitive pressures, as well as price reductions and promotional actions taken to drive demand that may not result in anticipated sales levels, could also negatively impact its business. the company engages in restructuring actions, sometimes entailing shifts of production to low-cost countries, as part of its efforts to maintain a competitive cost structure. if the company does not execute restructuring actions well, its ability to meet customer demand may decline, or earnings may otherwise be adversely impacted. similarly, if such efforts to reform the cost structure are delayed relative to competitors or other market factors, the company may lose market share and profits.
customer consolidation could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
a significant portion of the company's products are sold through home centers and mass merchant distribution channels in the u.s. and europe. a consolidation of retailers in both north america and abroad has occurred over time and the increasing size and importance of individual customers creates risk of exposure to potential volume loss. the loss of certain larger home centers as customers would have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
low demand for new products and the inability to develop and introduce new products at favorable margins could adversely impact the company's performance and prospects for future growth.
the company's competitive advantage is due in part to its ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner at favorable margins. the uncertainties associated with developing and introducing new products, such as market demand, the unavailability of raw materials necessary for production of the company's products and costs of development and production, may impede the successful development and introduction of new products on a consistent basis. introduction of new technology may result in higher costs to the company than that of the technology replaced. that increase in costs, which may continue indefinitely or until increased demand and greater availability in the sources of the new technology drive down its cost, could adversely affect the company's results of operations. market acceptance of the new products introduced in recent years and scheduled for introduction in future years may not meet sales expectations due to various factors, such as the failure to accurately predict market demand, end-user preferences, evolving industry standards, or the emergence of new or disruptive technologies. moreover, the ultimate success and profitability of the new products may depend on the company's ability to resolve technical and technological challenges in a timely and cost-effective manner, and to achieve manufacturing efficiencies. the company's investments in productive capacity and commitments to fund advertising and product promotions in connection with these new products could erode profits if those expectations are not met.
the pace of technological change continues to accelerate and the company's ability to react effectively to such change may present significant competitive risks.
the company's future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including its ability to (i) identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in its target end-markets; (ii) defend its market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors, including many new and non-traditional competitors; (iii) monitor disruptive technologies and business models; and (iv) attract, develop, and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise and understanding of customers' needs to develop new technologies and introduce new products.
to remain competitive, the company will need to stay abreast of new technologies, require its employees to continue to learn and adapt to new technologies and be able to integrate them into current and future business models, products, services and processes and also guard against existing and new competitors disrupting the marketplace using such technologies. for example, changing market trends, such as increased consumer demand for energy efficient products and technologies in response to climate change, require the company to develop and adopt new innovations focused on electrification. the company may not adequately meet these demands or develop and adapt to the applicable new technologies focused on electrification, which could adversely affect the company's reputation and the consumer and customer demand for the company's products. the failure of the company's technologies or products to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by its competitors or the failure to address any of the above factors could negatively impact revenues and adversely affect its competitive standing and prospects.
the company has significant operations outside of the u.s., which are subject to political, legal, economic and other risks arising from operating outside of the u.s.
the company has significant operations outside of the u.s. such business operations are subject to political, legal, economic and other risks inherent in operating in certain countries, such as:
•the difficulty of enforcing agreements and protecting assets through legal systems outside the u.s. including intellectual property rights, which may not be recognized, and which the company may not be able to protect outside the u.s. to the same extent as under u.s. law;
•managing widespread operations and enforcing internal controls, policies and procedures designed to deter prohibited practices under u.s. and foreign anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering regulations and sanctions, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act of 1977 ("fcpa") and the uk bribery act of 2010;
•trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements including those related to the u.s.'s relationship with china and economic and trade sanctions administered by the office of foreign assets control;
•the application of certain labor regulations outside of the u.s.;
•compliance with a wide variety of non-u.s. laws and regulations;
•instability or changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where the company operates (such as the conflicts between russia and ukraine, and israel and hamas and tensions in south korea, china and taiwan);
•the threat of nationalization and expropriation;
•increased costs and risks of doing business and managing a workforce in a wide variety of jurisdictions;
•the increased possibility of cyber threats in certain jurisdictions;
•government controls limiting importation of goods;
•government controls limiting payments to suppliers for imported goods;
•limitations on, or impacts from, the repatriation of foreign earnings; and
•exposure to wage, price and capital controls.
changes in the political or economic environments in the countries in which the company operates or violations or perceived violations of the laws and regulations of such countries could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. additionally, compliance with international and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to the company's international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. violations of such laws and regulations may result in severe fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies or restrictions on business conduct, and could have a material adverse effect on the company's reputation, its ability to attract and retain employees, its business, operating results and financial condition.
the company's success depends on its ability to improve productivity and streamline operations to control or reduce costs.
the company is committed to continuous productivity improvement and evaluating opportunities to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and eliminate excess capacity. the company has undertaken restructuring and cost-reduction actions, the savings of which may be mitigated by many factors, including economic weakness, inflation, competitive pressures, higher labor costs and decisions to increase costs in areas such as sales promotion or research and development above levels that were otherwise assumed.
in mid-2022, the company initiated a supply chain transformation designed to return adjusted gross margins to historical 35%+ levels by improving fill rates and better matching inventory with customer demand. this transformation has and will continue to involve significant investment from the company, and the success and anticipated cost savings from this transformation are not assured. failure to achieve, or delays in achieving, projected levels of efficiencies and cost savings from this transformation and other restructuring or cost reduction actions introduced by the company, significant increases in the costs related to such actions, or unanticipated inefficiencies resulting from this transformation and other manufacturing and administrative reorganization actions in progress or contemplated, could adversely affect the anticipated cost savings.
a material disruption of the company's operations, particularly at its manufacturing facilities or within its information technology infrastructure, could adversely affect business.
the company's facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to natural disasters or other disruptions, including hurricanes and floods, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism or other geopolitical tensions, equipment failures, sabotage, cybersecurity incidents, any potential effects of climate change and adverse weather conditions, labor disputes, critical supply failure, inaccurate downtime forecast, political disruption, public health crises, like a regional or global pandemic such as covid-19, and other reasons, which can result in undesirable consequences, including financial losses and damaged relationships with customers. the company employs information technology systems and networks to support the business and relies on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. disruptions to its information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events, including disruptions at its cloud computing, server, systems and other third party it service providers, could interfere with its operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact its reputation.
industry and economic risks the company's results of operations could be negatively impacted by inflationary or deflationary economic conditions which could affect the ability to obtain raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods in a timely and cost-effective manner, as well as lead to changes in interest rate environments which impact its cost of funds, the general strength of the economy and demand for its products in the market.
the company's products are manufactured using both ferrous and non-ferrous metals including, but not limited to, steel, zinc, copper, brass, aluminum, and nickel. additionally, the company uses other commodity-based materials for components and packaging including, but not limited to, plastics, resins, wood and corrugated products. the company's cost base also reflects significant elements for freight, energy and labor. the company also sources certain finished goods directly from vendors. if the company is unable to mitigate inflationary increases through various customer pricing actions and cost reduction initiatives, its profitability may be adversely affected.
conversely, in the event there is deflation, the company may experience pressure from its customers to reduce prices, and there can be no assurance that the company would be able to reduce its cost base (through negotiations with suppliers or other measures) to offset any such price concessions which could adversely impact results of operations and cash flows.
further, as a result of inflationary or deflationary economic conditions, the company believes it is possible that a limited number of suppliers may either cease operations or require additional financial assistance from the company in order to fulfill their obligations. in a limited number of circumstances, the magnitude of the company's purchases of certain items is of such significance that a change in established relationships with suppliers or increase in the costs of purchased raw materials, component parts or finished goods could result in manufacturing interruptions, delays, inefficiencies or an inability to market products. changes in value-added tax rebates, currently available to the company or to its suppliers, could also increase the costs of the company's manufactured products, as well as purchased products and components, and could adversely affect the company's results.
uncertainty about the financial stability of economies outside the u.s. could have a significant adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company generates approximately 38% of its revenues outside the u.s., including 16% from europe and 12% from various emerging market countries. each of the company's segments generates sales in these marketplaces. while the company believes any downturn in the european or emerging marketplaces might be offset to some degree by the relative stability in north america, the company's future growth, profitability and financial liquidity could be affected, in several ways, including, but not limited to, the following:
•depressed consumer and business confidence may decrease demand for products and services;
•customers may implement cost reduction initiatives or delay purchases to address inventory levels;
•significant declines of foreign currency values in countries where the company operates could impact both the revenue growth and overall profitability in those geographies;
•a devaluation of foreign currencies could have an effect on the credit worthiness (as well as the availability of funds) of customers in those regions impacting the collectability of receivables;
•a devaluation of foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of financial assets of the company in the effected countries; and
•the impact of an event or changes to political and economic conditions (individual country default, or break up of the euro) could have an adverse impact on the global credit markets and global liquidity potentially impacting the company's ability to access these credit markets and to raise capital or disrupting global energy supply or supply chains.
the company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could negatively impact profitability.
the company manufactures and sells its products in many countries throughout the world. as a result, there is exposure to foreign currency risk as the company enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. the company's predominant currency exposures are related to the euro, canadian dollar, british pound, australian dollar, brazilian real, chinese renminbi ("rmb") and the taiwan dollar. in preparing its financial statements, for foreign operations with functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, asset and liability accounts are translated at current exchange rates, while income and expenses are translated using average exchange rates. with respect to the effects on translated earnings, if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to local currencies, the company's earnings could be negatively impacted. although the company utilizes risk management tools, including hedging, as it deems appropriate, to mitigate a portion of potential market fluctuations in foreign currencies, there can be no assurance that such measures will result in all market fluctuation exposure being eliminated. the company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-u.s. dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries but may choose to do so in certain instances.
the company sources many products from china and other low-cost countries for resale in other regions. to the extent the rmb or other currencies appreciate, the company may experience cost increases on such purchases. the company may not be successful at implementing customer pricing or other actions in an effort to mitigate the related cost increases and thus its profitability may be adversely impacted.
financing risks the company has incurred, and may incur in the future, significant indebtedness, and may in the future issue additional equity or debt securities, including in connection with mergers or acquisitions, which may impact the manner in which it conducts business or the company's access to external sources of liquidity. the potential issuance of such securities may limit the company's ability to implement elements of its business strategy and may have a dilutive effect on earnings.
as described in note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements, of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8, the company has a five-year $2.5 billion committed credit facility and a $1.5 billion syndicated 364-day credit agreement. no amounts were outstanding against any of these facilities on december 30, 2023. as of december 30, 2023, the company had $7.3 billion of indebtedness, including $6.2 billion of principal and $1.1 billion of commercial paper borrowings.
the instruments and agreements governing certain of the company's current indebtedness contain requirements or restrictive covenants that include, among other things:
•a limitation on creating liens on certain property of the company and its subsidiaries;
•a restriction on entering into certain sale-leaseback transactions;
•customary events of default, including repayment of all amounts outstanding in the event of the occurrence and continuance of an event of default; and
•maintenance of a specified financial ratio.
the company has an interest coverage covenant that must be maintained to permit continued access to its committed credit facilities. the interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to adjusted net interest expense ("adjusted ebitda"/"adjusted net interest expense"); such adjustments to interest or ebitda include, but are not limited to, removal of non-cash interest expense and stock-based compensation expense. subject to certain adjustments for portions of the 2023 and 2024 fiscal year periods as detailed below, the interest coverage ratio must not be less than 3.5 times and is computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis.
in february 2023, the company entered into amendments to its credit facilities described above to: (a) amend the definition of adjusted ebitda to allow for additional adjustment addbacks, not to exceed $500 million in the aggregate, for amounts incurred during each four fiscal quarter period beginning with the period ending in the third quarter of 2023 through the period ending in the second quarter of 2024, and (b) amend the minimum interest coverage ratio to not less than 1.5 to 1.0 times computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis, for the period from and including the third quarter of 2023 through the second quarter of 2024. the minimum interest coverage ratio will revert back to 3.5 times for periods after the second quarter of 2024. the company was compliant with its debt covenant requirements in each of the 2023 quarterly measurement periods. management does not believe it is reasonably likely the company will breach this covenant. failure to maintain these ratios could adversely affect further access to liquidity.
future instruments and agreements governing indebtedness may impose other restrictive conditions or covenants. such covenants could restrict the company in the manner in which it conducts business and operations as well as in the pursuit of its business strategy.
the company is exposed to counterparty risk in its hedging arrangements.
from time to time, the company enters into arrangements with financial institutions to hedge exposure to fluctuations in currency and interest rates, including forward contracts, options and swap agreements. the company may incur significant losses from hedging activities due to factors such as demand volatility. the failure of one or more counterparties to the company's hedging arrangements to fulfill their obligations could adversely affect the company's results of operations.
tight capital and credit markets or the failure to maintain credit ratings could adversely affect the company by limiting the company's ability to borrow or otherwise access liquidity.
the company's long-term growth plans are dependent on, among other things, the availability of funding to support corporate initiatives and the ability to increase sales of existing product lines. while the company has not encountered financing difficulties to date, the capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption in the past and may again in the future. market conditions could make it more difficult for the company to borrow or otherwise obtain the cash required for significant new corporate initiatives.
furthermore, there could be a number of follow-on effects from a credit crisis on the company's businesses, including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of the company's products and services and/or customer insolvencies.
in addition, the major rating agencies regularly evaluate the company for purposes of assigning credit ratings. the company's ability to access the credit markets, and the cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of its credit ratings and current market conditions. failure to maintain credit ratings that are acceptable to investors may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which the company is able to obtain financing, as well as its access to the capital markets.
the company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable.
the company's outstanding trade receivables are not generally covered by collateral or credit insurance. while the company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and non-trade receivables, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses, which could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition and operating results.
if the company were required to write-down all or part of its goodwill, indefinite-lived trade names, or other definite-lived intangible assets, its net income and net worth could be materially adversely affected.
as of december 30, 2023, the company has approximately $8.0 billion of goodwill, approximately $2.4 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and approximately $1.6 billion of net definite-lived intangible assets. the company is required to periodically, at least annually, determine if its goodwill or indefinite-lived trade names have become impaired, in which case it would write down the impaired portion of the asset. the definite-lived intangible assets, including customer relationships, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are evaluated for impairment when appropriate. impairment of intangible assets may be triggered by developments outside of the company's control, such as worsening economic conditions, technological change, intensified competition or other factors, which could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
if the investments in employee benefit plans do not perform as expected, the company may have to contribute additional amounts to these plans, which would otherwise be available to cover operating expenses or other business purposes.
the company sponsors pension and other post-retirement defined benefit plans. the company's defined benefit plan assets are currently invested in equity securities, government and corporate bonds and other fixed income securities, money market instruments and insurance contracts. the company's funding policy is generally to contribute amounts determined annually on an actuarial basis to provide for current and future benefits in accordance with applicable law which require, among other things, that the company make cash contributions to under-funded pension plans. during 2023, the company made cash contributions to its defined benefit plans of approximately $42 million and expects to contribute $35 million to its defined benefit plans in 2024.
there can be no assurance that the value of the defined benefit plan assets, or the investment returns on those plan assets, will be sufficient in the future. it is therefore possible that the company may be required to make higher cash contributions to the plans in future years which would reduce the cash available for other business purposes, and that the company will have to recognize a significant pension liability adjustment which would decrease the net assets of the company and result in higher expense in future years. the fair value of the defined benefit plan assets on december 30, 2023 was approximately $1.8 billion.
legal, tax, regulatory and compliance risks the company's brands are important assets of its businesses and violation of its trademark rights by imitators, or the failure of its licensees or vendors to comply with the company's product quality, manufacturing requirements, marketing standards, and other requirements could negatively impact revenues and brand reputation. any inability to protect the company's other intellectual property rights could also reduce the value of its products and services or diminish its competitiveness.
the company considers its intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, and licenses held, to be a significant part and valuable aspect of its business. the company attempts to protect its intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements; however, there can be no assurances that these resources will adequately protect the company's intellectual property rights and deter misappropriation or improper use of its technology.
the company's trademarks have a reputation for quality and value and are important to the company's success and competitive position. unauthorized use of the company's trademark rights may not only erode sales of the company's products, but may also cause significant damage to its brand name and reputation, interfere with its ability to effectively represent the company to its customers, contractors, suppliers, and/or licensees, and increase litigation costs. similarly, failure by licensees or vendors to adhere to the company's standards of quality and other contractual requirements could result in loss of revenue, increased litigation, and/or damage to the company's reputation and business. there can be no assurance that the company's ongoing efforts to protect its brand and trademark rights and ensure compliance with its licensing and vendor agreements will prevent all violations.
in addition, the company's ability to compete could be negatively impacted by its failure to obtain and adequately protect its intellectual property and preserve its associated intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and licenses, as well as its products and any new features of its products or processes. the company's patent applications may not be approved and any patents owned could be challenged, invalidated or designed around by third parties. in addition, the company's patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage.
cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact the company's reputation, operating results, and financial condition.
the company's information systems and data may be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and incidents which can include uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology ("it") systems, sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, breaches due to human error, malfeasance, or other cybersecurity incidents directed at the company, its products, services and technologies, including those leveraging "internet of things" capabilities, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. the company deploys measures which leverage industry accepted frameworks to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate these threats. the company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security and data privacy measures in order to protect its systems and data, including employee and critical service provider training, organizational investments, incident response plans, tabletop exercises, technical defenses and defensive product software designs. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing these measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated cybersecurity threats.
despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents (against the company or parties with whom the company contracts), depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, disclosure, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (the company's or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. the potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident and its effects include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines levied by the federal trade commission or other government agencies, diminution in the value of the company's investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect the company's competitiveness and results of operations. any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cybersecurity incident or the full extent of such incident.
in addition, cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to evolve, and are increasingly demanding, both in the u.s. and globally, which adds compliance complexity and may increase costs of compliance and expose the company to reputational damage or litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, penalties, or fines in one or more jurisdictions. while the company carries cyber insurance, it cannot be certain that coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim.
the report, rumor, assumption, or perception of a potential or suspected cybersecurity incident may have similar results, even if no such incident has been attempted or occurred. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the company's reputation, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to risks related to compliance with data privacy laws.
to conduct its operations, the company regularly moves data across national borders, and consequently is subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the u.s. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. the scope of the laws that may be applicable to the company is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, lawmaking bodies within the eu, united kingdom, china and india have increased their jurisdictional reach and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. similarly, in the u.s., state-specific privacy regulations have created and continue to create new industry requirements, consumer privacy rights and enforcement mechanisms. the company's reputation and brand and its ability to attract new customers could also be adversely impacted if the company fails, or is perceived to have failed, to properly respond to breaches resulting from its management of consumer data or of its or third party's information technology systems. such failure to properly respond could also result in similar exposure to liability.
additionally, other countries have enacted or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. in many cases, these laws and regulations apply not only to transfers between unrelated third parties but also to transfers between the company and its subsidiaries.
all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. privacy laws that may be implemented in the future, including laws regarding data and generative artificial intelligence, and court decisions impacting activities across borders, will continue to require changes to certain business practices, thereby increasing costs, or may result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and may subject the company to remedies that may harm its business, including fines or demands or orders that the company modify or cease existing business practices.
significant judgment and certain estimates are required in determining the company's worldwide provision for income taxes. future tax law changes and audit results may materially increase the company's prospective income tax expense.
the company is subject to income taxation in the u.s. as well as numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining the company's worldwide income tax provision and accordingly there are many transactions and computations for which the final income tax determination is uncertain. the company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. the company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most currently available information, which involves inherent uncertainty. the company is routinely audited by income tax authorities in many tax jurisdictions. although management believes the recorded tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate outcome of any audit (or related litigation) could differ materially from amounts reflected in the company's income tax accruals. additionally, the global income tax provision can be materially impacted due to foreign currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar since a significant amount of the company's earnings are generated outside the u.s. lastly, it is possible that future income tax legislation, may be enacted that could have a material impact on the company's worldwide income tax provision, cash tax liability, and effective tax rate beginning with the period that such legislation becomes enacted. for instance, the organization for economic cooperation and development has enacted model rules for a new global minimum tax framework applicable to multi-national corporations, and various governments have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, legislation implementing all or part of these rules.
climate change legislation or regulations and changing market trends in response to climate change may adversely affect the company's business.
there continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. increased international, regional, state and/or federal requirements or other stakeholder expectations could mandate more restrictive or expansive standards, more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social and governance metrics than the voluntary commitments the company adopted, or require related changes on a more accelerated time frame than the company anticipates. a number of governmental bodies have finalized, proposed or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes in response to the potential effect of climate change. such legislation or regulation has and potentially could include provisions for a "cap and trade" system of allowances and credits or a carbon tax or require increased measurement of metrics and disclosure, among other provisions. the company currently purchases renewable energy certificates ("recs") to reduce scope 2 emissions and is also assessing expanding its use of solar panels as an alternative energy source. if carbon tax legislation is changed or adopted, the company may not be able to mitigate the future impact of carbon tax through the purchase of recs and the use of solar panels or other measures. the company may also face reputational risks and risks to the company's investor confidence and market share if the company is unable to make progress on the company's voluntary environmental goals or is unable to keep apace with the progress made by the company's peers. if environmental laws or regulations are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements on the company, they may have a material adverse effect on the company's business, access to credit, capital expenditures, operating results and financial condition.
the company also faces risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as its ability to successfully adopt new technology, meet market-driven demands for low carbon, carbon neutral and renewable energy technology, or to comply with more stringent and increasingly complex environmental regulations or requirements for the company's manufacturing facilities and business operations, increased prices related to freight and shipping costs and other permitting requirements.
in addition, many of the company's products incorporate battery technology. as the world moves towards a lower-carbon economy and as other industries begin to adopt similar battery technology for use in their products or increase their current consumption of battery technology, the increased demand could place capacity constraints on the company's supply chain. in addition, increased demand for battery technology may also increase the costs to the company for both the battery cells as well as the underlying raw materials such as cobalt and lithium, among others. if the company is unable to mitigate any possible supply constraints or related increased costs or drive alternative technology through innovation, its profitably and financial results could be negatively impacted.
the company's failure to continue to successfully avoid, manage, defend, litigate and accrue for claims and litigation could negatively impact its results of operations or cash flows.
the company is exposed to and becomes involved in various legal proceedings, claims, disputes and investigations arising out of the conduct of its business, including the matters described in item 3. legal proceedings in part i of this annual report on form 10-k and other, actual or threatened proceedings, claims, disputes or investigations relating to such items as securities laws, anti-trust laws, commercial transactions, product liability, workers compensation, employee benefits plans, arrangements between the company and its distributors, franchisees or vendors, intellectual property claims and regulatory actions.
in addition, the company is subject to environmental laws in each jurisdiction in which business is conducted. some of the company's products incorporate substances that are regulated in some jurisdictions in which it conducts manufacturing operations. the company has been, and could be in the future, subject to liability if it does not comply with these regulations. in addition, the company is currently being, and may in the future be, held responsible for remedial investigations and clean-up costs resulting from the discharge of hazardous substances into the environment, including sites that have never been owned or operated by the company but at which it has been identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws and regulations. changes in environmental and other laws and regulations in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions could adversely affect the company's operations due to increased costs of compliance and potential liability for non-compliance.
the company manufactures products and performs various services that create exposure to product and professional liability claims and litigation. the failure of the company's products and services to be properly manufactured, configured, installed, designed or delivered, resulting in personal injuries, property damage or business interruption could subject the company to claims for damages. the company has and is currently defending product liability claims, some of which have resulted in settlements or monetary judgments against the company. the costs associated with defending ongoing or future product liability claims and payment of damages could be substantial. the company's reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful.
there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to successfully avoid, manage and defend such matters. in addition, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures, actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the company's estimates for such contingent liabilities. refer to note s, contingencies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information about legal proceedings and other loss contingencies.
the company's products could be recalled.
the company maintains an awareness of and responsibility for the potential health and safety impacts on its customers and end users. the company's product development processes include tollgates for product safety review, and extensive testing is conducted on product safety. safety reviews are performed at various product development milestones, including a review of product labeling and marking to ensure safety and operational hazards are identified for the customer and end user.
despite safety and quality reviews, the consumer product safety commission or other applicable regulatory bodies may require, or the company may voluntarily institute, the recall, repair or replacement of the company's products if those products are found not to be in compliance with applicable standards or regulations. a recall could increase the company's costs and adversely impact its reputation.
the company's sales to government customers exposes it to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations, procurement regulations, governmental policy shifts, early termination of contracts, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties.
the company derives a portion of its revenues from contracts with the u.s. government, state and local governments and foreign governments. government contractors must comply with specific procurement regulations and other requirements. these requirements, although customary in government contracts, could impact the company's performance and compliance costs, including limiting or delaying the company's ability to share information with its business partners, customers and investors, which may negatively impact the company's business and reputation.
the u.s. government may demand contract terms that are less favorable than standard arrangements with private sector customers and may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with the company. for example, the u.s. government may have contract clauses that permit it to terminate any of the company's government contracts and subcontracts at its convenience, and procurement regulations permit termination for default based on the company's performance. in addition, changes in u.s. government budgetary priorities could lead to changes in the procurement environment, affecting availability of government contracting or funding opportunities. changes in government procurement policy, priorities, regulations, technology initiatives and requirements, and/or contract award criteria may negatively impact the company's potential for growth in the government sector. changes in government cybersecurity and system requirements could negatively impact the company's eligibility for the award of future contracts, negatively impacting the company's business and reputation.
government contracts laws and regulations impose certain risks, and government contracts are generally subject to audits, investigations and approval of policies, procedures and internal controls for compliance with procurement regulations and applicable law. if violations of law are found, they could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business. each of these factors could negatively impact the company's business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation.
other risks the company's results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations.
the company's results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations. the company may provide public guidance on expected results of operations for future periods. this guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in this annual report on form 10-k and in the company's other public filings and public statements, and is based necessarily on assumptions the company makes at the time it provides such guidance. the company's guidance may not always be accurate. the company may also choose to withdraw guidance, as it did in response to the uncertainty of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020, or lower guidance in future periods. if, in the future, the company's results of operations for a particular period do not meet its guidance or the expectations of investment analysts, the company reduces its guidance for future periods, or the company withdraws guidance, the market price of the company's common stock could decline significantly.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the financial and business analysis below provides information which the company believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. this financial and business analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. all references to "notes" in this item 7 refer to the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the following discussion and certain other sections of this annual report on form 10-k contain statements reflecting the company's views about its future performance that constitute "forward-looking statements" under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industry and markets in which the company operates as well as management's beliefs and assumptions. any statements contained herein (including without limitation statements to the effect that the company or its management "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "plans" and similar expressions) that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. there are a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. these factors include, without limitation, those set forth, or incorporated by reference, below under the heading "cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995." the company does not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
strategic objectives over the past two years, the company has re-shaped its portfolio to focus on its leading positions in the tools & outdoor and engineered fastening markets. leveraging the benefits of a more focused portfolio, the company initiated a business transformation in mid-2022 that includes reinvestment for faster growth as well as a $2.0 billion global cost reduction program through 2025. the company's primary areas of multi-year strategic focus remain unchanged as follows:
•advancing innovation, electrification and global market penetration to achieve organic revenue growth of 2 to 3 times the market;
•streamlining and simplifying the organization, and investing in initiatives that more directly impact the company's customers and end users;
•returning adjusted gross margins to historical 35%+ levels by accelerating the operations and supply chain transformation to improve fill rates and better match inventory with customer demand; and
•prioritizing cash flow generation and inventory optimization.
the company's business transformation is intended to drive strong financial performance over the long term, including:
•organic revenue growth at 2 to 3 times the market;
•35%+ adjusted gross margins;
•free cash flow equal to, or exceeding, net income; and
•cash flow return on investment ("cfroi"), computed as cash from operations plus after-tax interest expense, divided by the two-point average of debt and equity, between 12-15%.
in terms of capital allocation, the company remains committed, over time, to returning excess capital to shareholders through a strong and growing dividend as well as opportunistically repurchasing shares. in the near term, the company intends to direct any capital in excess of the quarterly dividend on its common stock toward debt reduction and internal growth investments. share repurchases and other securities during the first quarter of 2022, the company repurchased 12,645,371 shares of its common stock for approximately $2.3 billion through a combination of an accelerated share repurchase ("asr"), which provided for an initial delivery of 85% of the total notional share equivalent at execution, or 10,756,770 shares, and open market share repurchases for a total of 1,888,601 shares. the final delivery of the remaining shares under the asr totaled 3,211,317 and was completed during the second quarter of 2022.
refer to note j, capital stock, for further discussion.
in addition, on april 23, 2021, the board of directors approved repurchases by the company of its outstanding securities, other than its common stock up to an aggregate amount of $3.0 billion. no repurchases have been executed pursuant to this authorization to date.
pending sale of infrastructure business in december 2023, the company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement for the sale of its infrastructure business to epiroc ab for $760 million in cash. the transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. the company expects to utilize the net proceeds to reduce debt.
divestitures on august 19, 2022, the company sold its oil & gas business comprised of the pipeline services and equipment businesses to pipeline technique limited.
on july 22, 2022, the company sold its convergent security solutions ("css") business comprised of the commercial electronic security and healthcare businesses to securitas ab for net proceeds of approximately $3.1 billion.
on july 5, 2022, the company sold its mechanical access solutions ("mas") business comprised of the automatic doors business to allegion plc for net proceeds of $916.0 million.
proceeds from the sale of these businesses were used to repay borrowings made in the first quarter of 2022 to fund the company's share repurchase program previously discussed. the use of proceeds to support a share repurchase program is consistent with the company's long-term capital allocation strategy.
the company has also divested several smaller businesses in recent years that allowed the company to invest in other areas that fit into its long-term strategy.
refer to note t, divestitures, for further discussion of the company's divestitures.
acquisitions on december 1, 2021, the company acquired the remaining 80 percent ownership stake in mtd holdings inc. ("mtd"), a privately held global designer, manufacturer and distributor of lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, hand-held outdoor power equipment and garden tools for both residential and professional consumers under well-known brands like cub cadet® and troy-bilt®. the company previously acquired a 20 percent interest in mtd in january 2019.
on november 12, 2021, the company acquired excel industries ("excel"), a leading designer and manufacturer of premium commercial and residential turf-care equipment under the hustler® brand. this was a strategically important bolt-on acquisition that bolstered the company's presence in the independent dealer network.
the combination of mtd, excel and the company's existing outdoor strategic business unit in tools & outdoor created a global leader in the $25 billion outdoor category, with strong brands and growth opportunities. as part of the integration of these businesses into the tools & outdoor segment, the company designed, developed and manufactured battery and electric-powered solutions for professional and residential users. this positioned the combined businesses to be a leader in outdoor power equipment as preferences shift from gas powered equipment toward electrified solutions.
refer to note e, acquisitions, for further discussion.
global cost reduction program in mid-2022, the company launched a program comprised of a series of initiatives designed to generate cost savings by resizing the organization and reducing inventory with the ultimate objective of driving long-term growth, improving profitability and generating strong cash flow. these initiatives are expected to optimize the cost base as well as provide a platform to fund investments to accelerate growth in the core businesses. the program consists of a selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") planned pre-tax run-rate cost savings of $500 million and a supply chain transformation expected to deliver $1.5 billion of pre-tax run-rate cost savings by the end of 2025 to achieve projected 35%+ adjusted gross margins.
the sg&a cost savings are expected to be generated by simplifying the corporate structure, optimizing organizational spans and layers and reducing indirect spend. these savings will help fund $300 million to $500 million of innovation and commercial investments through 2025 to accelerate organic growth. the charges associated with the sg&a savings were reflected in non-gaap adjustments in 2022 detailed below in "results from operations".
the $1.5 billion of pre-tax run-rate cost savings from the supply chain transformation will be driven by the following value streams:
•strategic sourcing: implementing capabilities to source in a more efficient and integrated manner across all of the company's businesses and leveraging contract manufacturing;
•operational excellence: leveraging the sbd operating model and re-designing in-plant operations following footprint rationalization to deliver incremental efficiencies, simplified organizational design and inventory optimization;
•footprint rationalization: transforming the company's manufacturing and distribution network from a decentralized and inefficient system of sites built through years of acquisitions to a strategically focused supply chain, inclusive of site closures, transformations of existing sites into manufacturing centers of excellence and re-configuration of the distribution network; and
•complexity reduction: reducing complexity through platforming products and implementing initiatives to drive a sku reduction.
the charges associated with the supply chain transformation are reflected in the non-gaap adjustments detailed below in "results from operations" and the full year estimate of non-gaap adjustments detailed below in "2024 outlook". the cash investment required to achieve the $1.5 billion of pre-tax run-rate supply chain cost savings is expected to be approximately $0.9 billion to $1.1 billion, of which approximately 40% is expected to be capital expenditures. through 2023, the company has made approximately $0.2 billion of these cash investments. the company will continue prioritizing capital expenditures consistent with its existing approach and expects total capital expenditures, inclusive of the supply chain transformation, to be $400 million to $500 million for 2024 and to approximate 3.0% to 3.5% of net sales annually in 2025 and beyond.
during 2023 and since inception of the program, the company has generated approximately $835 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, of pre-tax run-rate savings, driven by lower headcount, indirect spend reductions and the supply chain transformation. these savings are comprised of supply chain efficiency benefits, which will support gross margin improvements as the benefits turn through inventory, and sg&a savings. the company believes that it is on track to grow to approximately $2 billion of pre-tax run-rate savings by year-end 2025. in addition, the company has reduced inventory by approximately $1.9 billion since the end of the second quarter of 2022 and expects further inventory and working capital reductions to support free cash flow generation in 2024.
driving further profitable growth by fully leveraging the company's core franchises each of the company's core franchises share common attributes: they have iconic brands and attractive growth characteristics, they are scalable and defensible and they can differentiate through innovation.
•the tools & outdoor business carries strong brands, proven innovation, global scale, and a broad offering of power tools, hand tools, outdoor products, accessories, and storage and digital products across many channels in both developed and developing markets.
•the engineered fastening business within the industrial segment is a highly profitable, gdp+ growth business offering highly engineered, value-added innovative solutions with recurring revenue attributes and global scale.
management recognizes that the core franchises described above are important foundations that have a proven track record of providing strong cash flow and growth prospects. management is committed to growing these businesses through accelerating investments into innovative product development, brand support, commercial activation, and accelerating the operations and supply chain transformation to improve fill rates and better match inventory with customer demand, while improving global cost competitiveness.
continuing to invest in the stanley black & decker brands the company has a strong portfolio of brands associated with high-quality products including the iconic dewalt®, craftsman® and stanley® brands, as well as black+decker®, dewalt flexvolt®, dewalt powerstack®, dewalt powershifttm, irwin®, lenox®, porter-cable®, bostitch®, proto®, mac tools®, facom®, powers®, lista®, vidmar®, gq® and through the 2021 acquisitions of mtd and excel added cub cadet®, troy-bilt® and hustler® in the americas.
during 2023, the national collegiate athletic association sponsorship delivered dewalt® to an estimated 237+ million viewers through tv-visible branding and 9+ million fans in stadiums at 25 colleges and universities across five division 1 conferences (atlantic coast conference, big ten, big 12, pac-12 and mountain west).
craftsman® returned as the title sponsor of the nascar craftsman® truck series through the company's sponsorship with nascar as the "official tools partner of nascar" and "official tools" of all nascar-owned tracks.
the company has also maintained long-standing nascar and nhra team sponsorships, which provided brand exposure during nearly 60 events in 2023 with the dewalt®, craftsman®, and mac tools® brands.
in 2023, the mclaren team sported the dewalt® logo prominently on the team's cars, fire suits, and equipment during the formula 1 season. the company also advertises in the english premier league, which is the number one soccer league in the world, featuring the dewalt® brand to a global audience. the company continued its sponsorship of one of the world's most popular football clubs, fc barcelona, sponsoring both the men's and women's first teams, which includes team and player image rights, hospitality assets and stadium signage.
the above marketing initiatives highlight the company's strong emphasis on brand building and commercial support, which has resulted in more than 300 billion global brand impressions from digital and traditional advertising and strong brand awareness. allocating brand and advertising spend judiciously will continue to be the company's focus. among the goals: placing end-user data and insights at the core of product commercialization, generating demand and brand loyalty through promotional support, in-market execution and salesforce effectiveness, evolving proven marketing programs that tie trusted global brands with societal purpose and tapping into technologies to build meaningful 1:1 experiences with customers, consumers, employees and shareholders in line with the company's mission and vision.
segments the company's operations are classified into two reportable business segments: tools & outdoor and industrial.
the tools & outdoor segment is comprised of the power tools group ("ptg"), hand tools, accessories & storage ("htas"), and outdoor power equipment ("outdoor") product lines.
the ptg product line includes both professional and consumer products. professional products, primarily under the dewalt® brand, include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, and concrete and masonry anchors. diy and tradesperson focused products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the craftsman® brand, and consumer home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances primarily under the black+decker® brand.
the htas product line sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products.
the outdoor product line primarily sells corded and cordless electric lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, pressure washers and related accessories, and gas powered lawn and garden products, including lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, utility terrain vehicles (utvs), hand-held outdoor power equipment, garden tools, and parts and accessories to professionals and consumers under the dewalt®, craftsman®, cub cadet®, black+decker®, and hustler® brand names.
industrial the industrial segment is comprised of the engineered fastening and infrastructure businesses.
the engineered fastening business primarily sells highly engineered components such as fasteners, fittings and various engineered products, which are designed for specific application across multiple verticals. the product lines include externally threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, and couplings.
the infrastructure business designs, manufactures, and sells attachments, typically used on excavators, and handheld hydraulic and battery-powered tools for applications in infrastructure, construction, scrap recycling, demolition, and railroad infrastructure.
results of operations the company's results represent continuing operations and as a result of the 2022 divestitures of the company's css and mas businesses, as described in further detail under the heading "divestitures" in this item 7 above, exclude the commercial electronic security, healthcare, and automatic doors businesses. these divestitures represented a single plan to exit the security segment and were considered a strategic shift that had a major effect on the company's operations and financial results. therefore, the operating results of these businesses were classified as discontinued operations through their respective dates of sale. the divestiture of the oil & gas business did not qualify for discontinued operations and therefore, its results were included in the company's continuing operations within the industrial segment through the date of sale in the third quarter of
2022. the pending divestiture of the infrastructure business did not qualify for discontinued operations and therefore, its results are included in the company's continuing operations within the industrial segment for all periods presented.
certain items impacting earnings and non-gaap financial measures the company has provided a discussion of its results both inclusive and exclusive of certain gains and charges. the results and measures, including gross profit, sg&a, other, net, income taxes, and segment profit (including corporate overhead), on a basis excluding certain gains and charges, free cash flow, organic revenue and organic growth are non-gaap financial measures. the company considers the use of non-gaap financial measures relevant to aid analysis and understanding of the company's results and business trends aside from the material impact of these items and ensures appropriate comparability to operating results of prior periods. supplemental non-gaap information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related gaap financial measures. non-gaap financial measures presented herein may differ from similar measures used by other companies.
with the exception of forecasted free cash flow included in "2024 outlook" as discussed below, the non-gaap financial measures of gross profit, sg&a, other, net, income taxes, and segment profit (including corporate overhead), presented on a basis excluding certain gains and charges, as well as free cash flow, organic revenue and organic growth are defined and reconciled to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures below. due to high variability and difficulty in predicting items that impact cash flow from operations, a reconciliation of forecasted free cash flow to its most directly comparable gaap estimate has been omitted. the company believes such a reconciliation would also imply a degree of precision that is inappropriate for this forward-looking measure.
the company's operating results at the consolidated level as discussed below include and exclude certain gains and charges impacting gross profit, sg&a, other, net, and income taxes. the company's business segment results as discussed below include and exclude certain gains and charges impacting gross profit and sg&a. these amounts for 2023, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:
2023
(millions of dollars)                                                                                         gaap                     non-gaap adjustments2                       non-gaap gross profit                                                                                          $3,932.6                              $166.9                            $4,099.5
selling, general and administrative                                                                    3,290.7                              (99.4)                             3,191.3
(loss) earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                                         (375.7)                               566.2                               190.5
income taxes on continuing operations                                                                   (94.0)                                65.8                              (28.2)
net (loss) earnings from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners - diluted            (281.7)                               500.4                               218.7
diluted (loss) earnings per share of common stock - continuing operations                              $(1.88)                               $3.33                               $1.45
2022
(millions of dollars)                                                                                               gaap                   non-gaap adjustments                       non-gaap gross profit                                                                                                $4,284.1                            $127.4                           $4,411.5
selling, general and administrative1                                                                         3,370.0                           (180.3)                            3,189.7
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                                                         37.9                             642.2                              680.1
income taxes on continuing operations                                                                        (132.4)                              84.0                             (48.4)
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners - diluted                           165.5                             558.2                              723.7
diluted earnings per share of common stock - continuing operations                                             $1.06                             $3.56                              $4.62
34
2021
(millions of dollars)                                                                                            gaap                     non-gaap adjustments2                       non-gaap gross profit                                                                                             $5,092.2                               $39.0                            $5,131.2
selling, general and administrative1                                                                      3,193.1                             (183.6)                             3,009.5
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest                               1,586.9                               193.9                             1,780.8
income taxes on continuing operations                                                                        55.1                                64.1                               119.2
share of net earnings of equity method investment                                                            19.0                                11.2                                30.2
net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners - diluted                      1,539.6                               141.0                             1,680.6
diluted earnings per share of common stock - continuing operations                                          $9.33                               $0.85                              $10.18
includes provision for credit losses refer to table below for additional detail of the non-gaap adjustments below is a summary of the pre-tax non-gaap adjustments for 2023, 2022 and 2021.
(millions of dollars)                                                                             2023                       2022                       2021
supply chain transformation costs:
footprint rationalization                                                                     $96.9                      $25.3                         $-
strategic sourcing &amp; operational excellence                                                69.1                          -                          -
inventory step-up charges                                                                         -                       80.3                       20.7
facility-related costs                                                                          1.5                       14.8                       17.3
voluntary retirement program                                                                  (0.4)                        5.7                          -
other charges (gains)                                                                         (0.2)                        1.3                        1.0
gross profit                                                                                 $166.9                     $127.4                      $39.0
supply chain transformation costs:
footprint rationalization1                                                                    $10.8                         $-                         $-
complexity reduction                                                                            9.0                        7.2                          -
acquisition &amp; integration-related costs                                                    33.6                       85.2                       43.6
transition services costs related to previously divested businesses                            46.6                       21.1                          -
functional transformation initiatives                                                             -                       19.2                       28.1
voluntary retirement program                                                                  (2.7)                       33.4                        0.8
craftsman contingent consideration remeasurement from mtd acquisition                             -                          -                      101.1
other charges (gains)                                                                           2.1                       14.2                       10.0
selling, general and administrative                                                           $99.4                     $180.3                     $183.6
other, net                                                                                  $(25.1)                      $16.9                      $24.2
loss on sales of businesses                                                                    10.8                        8.4                        0.6
restructuring charges                                                                          39.4                      140.8                       14.5
gain on equity method investment                                                                  -                          -                     (68.0)
asset impairment charges                                                                      274.8                      168.4                          -
(loss) earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                               $566.2                     $642.2                     $193.9
35
footprint rationalization costs in 2023 relate to transfers and closures of targeted manufacturing sites, including fort worth, texas and cheraw, south carolina as previously announced in march 2023, which resulted in accelerated depreciation of production equipment of $49.1 million, non-cash asset write-downs of $44.0 million (predominantly tooling, raw materials and wip) and other site closure and re-configuration costs of $14.6 million.
strategic sourcing &amp; operational excellence costs primarily relate to third-party consultant fees to provide expertise in identifying and quantifying opportunities to source in a more integrated manner and re-design in-plant operations following footprint rationalization, developing a detailed program and related governance, and assisting the company with the implementation of actions necessary to achieve the related objectives.
complexity reduction costs primarily relate to third-party consultant fees to assist the company with identifying strategies related to its sku reduction and product platforming initiatives, quantifying the opportunities and designing detailed plans to achieve the related benefits.
acquisition &amp; integration-related costs primarily relate to the mtd and excel acquisitions, including costs to integrate the organizations and shared processes, as well as harmonize key it applications and infrastructure.
includes deal-related costs, net of income in 2023 and 2022 related to providing transition services to previously divested businesses.
refer to "restructuring activities" below for further discussion.
asset impairment charges in 2023 include a $124.0 million pre-tax impairment loss related to the irwin and troy-bilt trade names and a $150.8 million pre-tax impairment loss related to the infrastructure business. the $168.4 million pre-tax asset impairment charge in 2022 related to the oil &amp; gas business.
below is a summary of the company's operating results at the consolidated level, followed by an overview of business segment performance. organic growth is utilized to describe the company's results excluding the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions during their initial 12 months of ownership, and divestitures.
consolidated results net sales: net sales were $15.781 billion in 2023 compared to $16.947 billion in 2022, representing a decrease of 7%, as a 1% increase in price was more than offset by a 7% decrease in volume and a 1% decrease from the oil & gas divestiture. tools & outdoor net sales decreased 7% compared to 2022 due to a 7% decline in volume. industrial net sales decreased 4% compared to 2022 as a 3% increase in price was more than offset by a 4% decrease from the oil & gas divestiture and a 3% decrease in volume.
net sales were $16.947 billion in 2022 compared to $15.281 billion in 2021, representing an increase of 11% driven by a 7% increase in price and a 17% increase from acquisitions, partially offset by a 10% decrease in volume and a 3% decrease from foreign currency. tools & storage net sales increased 13% compared to 2021 due to a 7% increase in price and a 21% increase from acquisitions, partially offset by a 12% decrease in volume and a 3% decrease from foreign currency. industrial net sales increased 2% compared to 2021 primarily due to a 1% increase in volume and an 8% increase in price, partially offset by a 5% decrease from foreign currency and a 2% decrease from the oil & gas divestiture.
gross profit: the company reported gross profit of $3.933 billion, or 24.9% of net sales, in 2023 compared to $4.284 billion, or 25.3% of net sales, in 2022. non-gaap adjustments, which reduced gross profit, were $166.9 million in 2023 and $127.4 million in 2022. despite lower volume, the impact of selling through high-cost inventory, and production curtailments, gross profit, excluding non-gaap adjustments, was 26.0% of net sales in both 2023 and 2022, due to price realization, supply chain transformation benefits, lower inventory destocking costs, and lower shipping costs.
the company reported gross profit of $4.284 billion, or 25.3% of net sales, in 2022 compared to $5.092 billion, or 33.3% of net sales, in 2021. non-gaap adjustments, which reduced gross profit, were $127.4 million in 2022 and $39.0 million in 2021. excluding these adjustments, gross profit was 26.0% of net sales in 2022 compared to 33.6% in 2021, as price realization was more than offset by commodity inflation, higher supply chain costs, including the impact of planned production curtailments, and lower volume.
sg&a expenses: selling, general and administrative expenses, inclusive of the provision for credit losses, were $3.291 billion, or 20.9% of net sales, in 2023 compared to $3.370 billion, or 19.9% of net sales, in 2022. sg&a declined year-over-year on an absolute dollar basis reflecting cost reductions. within sg&a, non-gaap adjustments totaled $99.4 million in 2023 and $180.3 million in 2022. excluding these adjustments, sg&a was 20.2% of net sales in 2023 compared to 18.8% in 2022, reflecting the impact of lower sales volume, but relatively flat year-over-year on an absolute dollar basis as the benefits from the global cost reduction program were offset by increased investments in growth initiatives, higher variable compensation expense and inflation.
sg&a expenses were $3.370 billion, or 19.9% of net sales, in 2022 compared to $3.193 billion, or 20.9% of net sales, in 2021. within sg&a, non-gaap adjustments totaled $180.3 million in 2022 and $183.6 million in 2021. excluding these adjustments, sg&a was 18.8% of net sales in 2022 compared to 19.7% in 2021 due to the successful implementation of cost control actions.
distribution center costs (i.e. warehousing and fulfillment facility and associated labor costs) are classified within sg&a. this classification may differ from other companies who may report such expenses within cost of sales. due to diversity in practice, to the extent the classification of these distribution costs differs from other companies, the company's gross margins may not be comparable. such distribution costs classified in sg&a amounted to $521.7 million, $498.7 million and $416.1 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. the increase in distribution costs in 2023 compared to 2022 reflects costs associated with footprint rationalization actions under the supply chain transformation as well as the company's focus on inventory reduction.
other, net: other, net totaled $320.1 million, $274.8 million, and $189.5 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. excluding non-gaap adjustments, other, net, totaled $345.2 million, $257.9 million, and $165.3 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. the increase in 2023 is driven by higher pension and environmental remediation costs as well as write-downs on certain investments. the year-over-year increase in 2022 was primarily due to higher intangible asset amortization due to the mtd and excel acquisitions and appreciation of investments in 2021.
loss on sales of businesses: during 2023, the company reported a loss of $10.8 million primarily related to the divestiture of a small business in the industrial segment. during 2022, the company reported a net loss of $8.4 million primarily related to the divestiture of the oil & gas business. during 2021, the company reported a $0.6 million net loss on divestitures.
gain on equity method investment: upon the acquisition of mtd in the fourth quarter of 2021, the company recognized a $68.0 million gain on its previously held equity method investment. refer to note e, acquisitions, for further discussion.
asset impairment charges: during 2023, the company recorded impairment charges of $274.8 million, comprised of a $124.0 million impairment charge related to the irwin and troy-bilt trade names and a $150.8 million impairment charge related to the infrastructure business. during 2022, the company recorded an impairment charge of $168.4 million related to the oil & gas business. refer to note f, goodwill and intangible assets, for additional information on the trade name impairments. refer to note t, divestitures, for additional information on the pending divestiture of the infrastructure business and the 2022 divestiture of the oil & gas business.
interest, net: net interest expense in 2023 was $372.5 million compared to $283.8 million in 2022 and $175.6 million in 2021. the 2023 increase was primarily driven by higher u.s. interest rates and debt issuances in march 2023, partially offset by higher interest income due to an increase in rates. the increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily driven by higher u.s. interest rates and higher average balances relating to the company's commercial paper borrowings, as well as the $1.0 billion issuance of debt in the first quarter of 2022, partially offset by higher interest income due to an increase in rates.
income taxes: the company's effective tax rate on continuing operations was 25.0% in 2023, (349.3)% in 2022, and 3.5% in 2021. excluding the tax effect on non-gaap adjustments, the effective tax rate in 2023 on continuing operations was (14.8)%. this effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory tax rate primarily due to a tax benefit associated with an intra-entity asset transfer of certain intangible assets related to the continued reorganization of the supply chain, tax on foreign earnings at tax rates different than the u.s. tax rate, state income taxes, and tax credits, partially offset by u.s. tax on foreign earnings, non-deductible expenses, withholding taxes, and losses for which a tax benefit is not recognized.
excluding the tax effect on non-gaap adjustments, the effective tax rate on continuing operations in 2022 was (7.1)%. this effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory tax rate primarily due to a tax benefit associated with an intra-entity asset transfer of certain intangible assets related to the continued reorganization of the supply chain, tax on foreign earnings at tax rates different than the u.s. tax rate, and the recognition of previously unrecognized foreign deferred tax assets, offset by u.s. tax on foreign earnings and the remeasurement of uncertain tax position reserves.
excluding the tax effect on non-gaap adjustments, the effective tax rate on continuing operations in 2021 was 6.7%. this effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory tax rate primarily due to a tax benefit associated with an intra-entity asset transfer of certain intangible assets related to the company's supply chain reorganization, tax on foreign earnings, the remeasurement of uncertain tax position reserves, the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to foreign corporate income tax rate changes, and the tax benefit of equity-based compensation.
on december 20, 2021, the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") published a proposal for the establishment of a global minimum tax rate of 15% ("pillar two"). the pillar two rules provide a template that jurisdictions can translate into domestic law, to assist with the implementation within an agreed upon timeframe and in a coordinated manner, and are effective for fiscal years beginning after january 1, 2024. to date, jurisdictions in which the company operates are in various stages of implementation.
the company has performed an initial assessment of the potential impact to income taxes as a result of pillar two. the assessment of the potential impact is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-country reporting, and financial statements of affected subsidiaries. based on results of the assessment, the company believes it can avail itself of the transitional safe harbor rules in most jurisdictions in which the company operates. there are, however, a limited number of jurisdictions where the transitional safe harbor relief does not apply. the company does not currently expect a material impact to income taxes in those jurisdictions in the near term. the company continues to assess the potential impact of pillar two and monitor developments in legislation, regulation, and interpretive guidance in this area.
business segment results the company's reportable segments represent businesses that have similar products, services and end markets, among other factors. the company utilizes segment profit which is defined as net sales minus cost of sales and sg&a inclusive of the provision for credit losses (aside from corporate overhead expense), and segment profit as a percentage of net sales to assess the profitability of each segment.
the company's operations are classified into two reportable business segments: tools & outdoor and industrial.
tools & outdoor:
(millions of dollars)                  2023                     2022                     2021
net sales                       $13,367                  $14,424                  $12,817
segment profit                     $688                     $972                   $1,985
% of net sales                      5.1   %                  6.7   %                 15.5   %
tools & outdoor net sales decreased $1.057 billion, or 7%, in 2023 compared to 2022 due to a 7% decline in volume. organic revenue decreased 8%, 4% and 3% in north america, europe and emerging markets, respectively. the overall 7% organic decline was a result of lower consumer outdoor and diy market demand. the 2023 u.s. retail point-of-sale demand remained above pre-pandemic 2019 levels, supported by price increases and strength in professional tools.
segment profit amounted to $687.6 million, or 5.1% of net sales, in 2023 compared to $971.9 million, or 6.7% of net sales, in 2022. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $196.7 million and $235.4 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, segment profit amounted to 6.6% of net sales in 2023 compared to 8.4% in 2022, as supply chain transformation savings and reduced shipping costs were more than offset by selling through high-cost inventory, production curtailments and lower volume.
tools & outdoor net sales increased $1.606 billion, or 13%, in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a 7% increase in price and a 21% increase from acquisitions, partially offset by a 12% decrease in volume and a 3% decrease from foreign currency. the overall 5% organic decline was a result of lower consumer and diy market demand. organic revenue in emerging markets increased 1% and declined in both europe and north america by 6%.
segment profit amounted to $971.9 million, or 6.7% of net sales, in 2022 compared to $1.985 billion, or 15.5% of net sales, in 2021. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $235.4 million and $178.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, segment profit amounted to 8.4% of net sales in 2022 compared to 16.9% in 2021, as the benefit from price realization was more than offset by commodity inflation, higher supply chain costs, production curtailment costs and lower volume.
industrial:
(millions of dollars)                  2023                     2022                     2021
net sales                        $2,414                   $2,523                   $2,463
segment profit                     $267                     $236                     $257
% of net sales                     11.0   %                  9.4   %                 10.4   %
industrial net sales decreased $109.4 million, or 4%, in 2023 compared to 2022, as a 3% increase in price was more than offset by a 4% decrease from the oil & gas divestiture and a 3% decrease in volume. engineered fastening organic revenues were up 6%, with double-digit growth in both aerospace and automotive, which was partially offset by softness in general industrial fastener markets.
segment profit totaled $266.5 million, or 11.0% of net sales, in 2023 compared to $236.2 million, or 9.4% of net sales, in 2022. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $18.7 million and $7.8 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively, segment profit amounted to 11.8% of net sales in 2023 compared to 9.7% in 2022, as price realization and cost control more than offset lower volume.
industrial net sales increased $60.3 million, or 2%, in 2022 compared to 2021, due to a 1% increase in volume and an 8% increase in price, partially offset by a 5% decrease from foreign currency and a 2% decrease from the oil & gas divestiture. engineered fastening organic revenues increased 7% driven by growth in the aerospace, automotive, and industrial markets. infrastructure organic revenues were up 14% with attachment tools providing 17% growth, which was partially offset by an organic decline in oil & gas, prior to its divestiture.
segment profit totaled $236.2 million, or 9.4% of net sales, in 2022 compared to $256.6 million, or 10.4% of net sales, in 2021. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $7.8 million and $13.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, segment profit amounted to 9.7% of net sales in 2022 compared to 10.9% in 2021, as higher volumes and price realization were more than offset by commodity inflation, higher supply chain costs and adverse mix.
corporate overhead corporate overhead includes the corporate overhead element of sg&a, which is not allocated to the business segments. corporate overhead amounted to $312.2 million, $294.0 million, and $342.9 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. excluding non-gaap adjustments of $50.9 million, $64.5 million, and $31.1 million, in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, the corporate overhead element of sg&a was $261.3 million, $229.5 million, and $311.8 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. the year-over-year increase in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily driven by higher employee-related variable compensation costs. the year-over-year decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to lower employee-related costs.
restructuring activities a summary of the restructuring reserve activity from december 31, 2022 to december 30, 2023 is as follows:
(millions of dollars)                   december 31, 2022                 net additions   usage           currency                      december 30, 2023
severance and related costs                 $57.0                          $20.3          $(51.1)         $(0.4)                            $25.8
facility closures and other                   5.3           19.1                          (21.3)          -                3.1
total                                       $62.3                          $39.4          $(72.4)         $(0.4)                            $28.9
during 2023, the company recognized net restructuring charges of $39 million, primarily related to severance and facility closures associated with the footprint rationalization actions under the supply chain transformation. the company expects to achieve annual net cost savings of approximately $45 million by the end of 2024 related to the restructuring costs incurred during 2023. the majority of the $29 million of reserves remaining as of december 30, 2023 is expected to be utilized within the next twelve months.
during 2022, the company recognized net restructuring charges of $141 million, primarily related to severance and related costs, including sg&a cost actions under the global cost reduction program. the company estimates that these actions resulted in net cost savings of approximately $300 million in 2023.
during 2021, the company recognized net restructuring charges of $15 million, primarily related to facility closures and asset impairments. the company estimates that these actions resulted in net cost savings of approximately $24 million in 2022.
segments: the $39 million of net restructuring charges in 2023 includes: $31 million pertaining to the tools & outdoor segment; $1 million pertaining to the industrial segment; and $7 million pertaining to corporate.
the anticipated annual net cost savings of approximately $45 million related to the 2023 restructuring actions include: $40 million in the tools & outdoor segment; $2 million in the industrial segment; and $3 million in corporate.
2024 outlook this outlook discussion is intended to provide broad insight into the company's near-term earnings and cash flow generation prospects. the company expects 2024 diluted earnings per share to approximate $1.60 to $2.85 on a gaap basis ($3.50 to $4.50 excluding non-gaap adjustments). free cash flow is expected to approximate $0.6 billion to $0.8 billion, significantly ahead of net income, as the company continues to prioritize inventory reductions. this outlook assumes the previously announced infrastructure divestiture closes at the end of the first quarter 2024.
the difference between 2024 diluted earnings per share outlook and the diluted earnings per share range, excluding non-gaap adjustments, is approximately $1.65 to $1.90, consisting primarily of charges related to the supply chain transformation under the global cost reduction program.
financial condition liquidity, sources and uses of capital: the company's primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and available lines of credit under various credit facilities.
operating activities: cash flows provided by operations were $1.191 billion in 2023 compared to cash used in operations of $1.460 billion in 2022. the year-over-year change was primarily driven by the company's focus on reducing inventory, as evidenced by a decline of $1.123 billion in inventory in 2023.
in 2022, cash flows used in operations were $1.460 billion compared to cash provided by operations of $663.1 million in 2021. the year-over-year change was mainly attributable to lower accounts payable balances, lower earnings from continuing operations, and higher inventory balances. during the second half of 2020 and during 2021, the company experienced higher than historical customer demand and increased supply chain constraints, resulting in historically high inventory levels in the first half of 2022 as consumer and diy demand softened.
free cash flow: free cash flow, as defined in the table below, was an inflow of $853 million in 2023 compared to an outflow of $1.990 billion in 2022 and an inflow of $144 million in 2021. the year-over-year changes in free cash flow are due to the same factors discussed above in operating activities, as well as lower planned capital expenditures in 2023. management considers free cash flow an important indicator of its liquidity and capital efficiency, as well as its ability to fund future growth and provide dividends to shareowners, and is useful information for investors. free cash flow does not include deductions for mandatory debt service, other borrowing activity, discretionary dividends on the company's common and preferred stock and business acquisitions, among other items.
(millions of dollars)                                                2023   2022                      2021
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities            $1,191                $(1,460)                     $663
less: capital and software expenditures                         (338)                (530)                       (519)
free cash flow                                                   $853                $(1,990)                     $144
investing activities: cash flows used in investing activities totaled $328 million in 2023 primarily due to capital and software expenditures of $338 million.
cash flows provided by investing activities in 2022 totaled $3.573 billion, primarily due to proceeds from the security and oil & gas divestitures, net of cash sold, of $4.147 billion, partially offset by capital and software expenditures of $530 million.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2021 totaled $2.624 billion, driven by business acquisitions of $2.044 billion, net of cash acquired, primarily related to the mtd and excel acquisitions, and capital and software expenditures of $519 million.
financing activities: cash flows used in financing activities totaled $816 million in 2023 primarily driven by net repayments of short-term commercial paper borrowings of $1.045 billion and cash dividend payments on common stock of $483 million, partially offset by net proceeds from debt issuances of $745 million.
cash flows used in financing activities totaled $1.971 billion in 2022 primarily driven by share repurchases of $2.323 billion, credit facility repayments of $2.5 billion, the redemption and conversion of preferred stock for $750 million, cash dividend payments on common stock of $466 million, and net repayments of short-term commercial paper borrowings of $138 million, partially offset by $2.5 billion from credit facility borrowings, net proceeds from debt issuances of $993 million and proceeds from the issuance of remarketed series d preferred stock of $750 million.
cash flows provided by financing activities totaled $919 million in 2021 primarily driven by net short-term commercial paper borrowings of $2.225 billion and proceeds from issuances of common stock of $131 million, partially offset by the redemption and conversion of preferred stock for $750 million, cash dividend payments on common stock of $475 million, and $75 million related to the termination of interest rate swaps.
fluctuations in foreign currency rates positively impacted cash by $2 million in 2023. fluctuations in foreign currency rates negatively impacted cash by $32 million and $62 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against other currencies.
refer to note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements, and note j, capital stock, for further discussion regarding the company's debt and equity arrangements.
credit ratings and liquidity:
the company maintains investment grade credit ratings from the major u.s. rating agencies on its senior unsecured debt (s&p a-, fitch bbb+, moody's baa3), as well as its commercial paper program (s&p a-2, fitch f2, moody's p-3). in the first quarter of 2023, fitch downgraded the company's senior unsecured debt credit rating to bbb+, from its previous rating of a-, and its commercial paper program to f2, from its previous rating of f1. in the third quarter of 2023, s&p downgraded the company's senior unsecured debt credit rating to a-, from its previous rating of a, and its commercial paper program to a-2, from its previous rating of a-1. in the fourth quarter of 2023, moody's downgraded the company's senior unsecured debt credit rating to baa3, from its previous rating of baa2, and its commercial paper program to p-3, from its previous rating of p-2. failure to maintain investment grade rating levels could adversely affect the company's cost of funds, liquidity, and access to capital markets, but would not have an adverse effect on the company's ability to access its existing committed credit facilities.
cash and cash equivalents totaled $449 million as of december 30, 2023 of which approximately 50% was held in foreign jurisdictions. cash and cash equivalents totaled $396 million as of december 31, 2022, which was primarily held in foreign jurisdictions.
as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act"), the company's tax liability related to the one-time transition tax associated with unremitted foreign earnings and profits totaled $171 million at december 30, 2023. the act permits a u.s. company to elect to pay the net tax liability interest-free over a period of up to eight years. see the "contractual obligations" table below for the estimated amounts due by period. the company has considered the implications of paying the required one-time transition tax and believes it will not have a material impact on its liquidity.
the company has a $3.5 billion commercial paper program which includes euro denominated borrowings in addition to u.s. dollars. as of december 30, 2023, the company had commercial paper borrowings outstanding of $1.1 billion, of which $399.7 million in euro denominated commercial paper was designated as a net investment hedge. refer to note i, financial instruments, for further discussion. as of december 31, 2022, the company had commercial paper borrowings outstanding of $2.1 billion, which did not include any euro denominated commercial paper.
the company has a five-year $2.5 billion committed credit facility (the "5-year credit agreement"). borrowings under the 5-year credit agreement may be made in u.s. dollars, euros or pounds sterling. a sub-limit amount of $814.3 million is designated for swing line advances which may be drawn in euros pursuant to the terms of the 5-year credit agreement. borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and specific terms of the 5-year credit agreement. the company must repay all advances under the 5-year credit agreement by the earlier of september 8, 2026 or upon termination. the 5-year credit agreement is designated to be a liquidity back-stop for the company's $3.5 billion u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper program. as of december 30, 2023 and december 31, 2022, the company had not drawn on its five-year committed credit facility.
in september 2023, the company terminated its $1.5 billion syndicated 364-day credit agreement (the "syndicated 364-day credit agreement") dated september 2022, as amended. there were no outstanding borrowings under the syndicated 364-day credit agreement upon termination and as of december 31, 2022. contemporaneously, the company entered into a new $1.5 billion syndicated 364-day credit agreement (the "2023 syndicated 364-day credit agreement") which is a revolving credit loan. the borrowings under the 2023 syndicated 364-day credit agreement may be made in u.s. dollars or euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the 2023 syndicated 364-day credit agreement. the company must repay all advances under the 2023 syndicated 364-day credit agreement by the earlier of september 4, 2024 or upon termination. the company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. the 2023 syndicated 364-day credit agreement serves as part of the liquidity back-stop for the company's $3.5 billion u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper program. as of december 30, 2023, the company had not drawn on its 2023 syndicated 364-day credit agreement.
in september 2023, the company terminated its $0.5 billion revolving credit loan (the "club 364-day credit agreement") dated september 2022, as amended. there were no outstanding borrowings under the club 364-day credit agreement upon termination and as of december 31, 2022.
in addition, the company has other short-term lines of credit that are primarily uncommitted, with numerous banks, aggregating $252 million, of which approximately $155 million was available at december 30, 2023. approximately $97 million of the short-term credit lines were utilized primarily pertaining to outstanding letters of credit for which there are no required or reported debt balances. short-term arrangements are reviewed annually for renewal.
at december 30, 2023, the aggregate amount of short-term and long-term committed and uncommitted lines of credit was approximately $4.3 billion. in addition, at december 30, 2023, $1.1 billion was recorded as short-term commercial paper borrowings. the weighted-average interest rates on u.s. dollar denominated short-term borrowings for the years ended december 30, 2023 and december 31, 2022 were 5.1% and 2.3%, respectively. the weighted-average interest rate on euro denominated short-term borrowings for the year ended december 30, 2023 was 3.5%. for the year ended december 31, 2022, the company had not drawn on its euro denominated short-term borrowings.
the company has an interest coverage covenant that must be maintained to permit continued access to its committed credit facilities described above. the interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to adjusted net interest expense ("adjusted ebitda"/"adjusted net interest expense"). in february 2023, the company entered into an amendment to its 5-year credit agreement to: (a) amend the definition of adjusted ebitda to allow for additional adjustment addbacks, not to exceed $500 million in the aggregate, for amounts incurred during each four fiscal quarter period beginning with the period ending in the third quarter of 2023 through the period ending in the second quarter of 2024, and (b) amend the minimum interest coverage ratio from 3.5 times to not less than 1.5 to 1.0 times computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis, for the period from and including the third quarter of 2023 through the second quarter of 2024. the minimum interest coverage ratio will revert back to 3.5 times for periods after the second quarter of 2024. the amended provisions described above also apply to the 2023 syndicated 364-day credit agreement.
in march 2023, the company issued $350.0 million of senior unsecured term notes maturing march 6, 2026 ("2026 term notes") and $400.0 million of senior unsecured term notes maturing march 6, 2028 ("2028 term notes"). the 2026 term notes accrue interest at a fixed rate of 6.272% per annum and the 2028 term notes at a fixed rate of 6.0% per annum, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, and both notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the company's existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt. the company received total net proceeds from this offering of $745.3 million, net of $4.7 million of underwriting expenses and other fees associated with the transaction. the company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including repayment of indebtedness under the commercial paper program.
in february 2022, the company issued $500.0 million of senior unsecured term notes maturing february 24, 2025 ("2025 term notes") and $500.0 million of senior unsecured term notes maturing may 15, 2032 ("2032 term notes"). the 2025 term notes accrue interest at a fixed rate of 2.3% per annum and the 2032 term notes at a fixed rate of 3.0% per annum, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, and rank equally in right of payment with all of the company's existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt. the company received total net proceeds from this offering of approximately $993 million, net of approximately $7 million of underwriting expenses and other fees associated with the transaction. the company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including repayment of indebtedness under the commercial paper program.
in november 2019, the company issued 7,500,000 equity units with a total notional value of $750 million ("2019 equity units"). each unit had a stated amount of $100 and initially consisted of a three-year forward stock purchase contract ("2022 purchase contracts") for the purchase of a variable number of shares of common stock, on november 15, 2022, for a price of $100 per share, and a 10% beneficial ownership interest in one share of 0% series d cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share ("series d preferred stock").
in november 2022, the company generated cash proceeds of $750 million from the successful remarketing of the series d preferred stock (the "remarketed series d preferred stock"), as described more fully in note j, capital stock. upon completion of the remarketing, the holders of the 2019 equity units received 4,723,500 common shares and the company issued 750,000 shares of remarketed series d preferred stock. holders of the remarketed series d preferred stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends, if declared by the board of directors, at an initial fixed rate equal to 7.5% per annum of the $1,000 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to $75.00 per annum per share). on november 15, 2022, the company informed holders that it would redeem all outstanding shares of the remarketed series d preferred stock on december 22, 2022 (the "redemption date") at $1,007.71 per share in cash, which was equal to 100% of the liquidation preference of a share of remarketed series d preferred stock, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. in december 2022, the company redeemed the remarketed series d preferred stock, paying $750 million in cash.
in march 2015, the company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty for 3,645,510 shares of common stock. the contract obligates the company to pay $350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. in november 2022, the company amended the settlement date to november 2024, or earlier at the company's option.
refer to note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements, and note j, capital stock, for further discussion regarding the company's debt and equity arrangements.
contractual obligations: the following table summarizes the company's significant contractual and other obligations that impact its liquidity:
payments due by period
(millions of dollars)                                   total                    2024                  2025-2026                  2027-2028                 thereafter long-term debt (a)                                 $6,154                       $1                  $1,403                     $1,100                     $3,650
interest payments on long-term debt (b)             3,204                      237                     421                        343                      2,203
short-term borrowings                               1,075                    1,075                       -                          -                          -
lease obligations                                     613                      135                     196                        126                        156
inventory purchase commitments (c)                    789                      787                       2                          -                          -
deferred compensation                                  25                        -                       1                          1                         23
marketing commitments                                  73                       38                      35                          -                          -
forward stock purchase contract (d)                   350                      350                       -                          -                          -
pension funding obligations (e)                        35                       35                       -                          -                          -
u.s. income tax (f)                                   171                       88                      83                          -                          -
supplier agreements (g)                               199                       88                      82                         29                          -
derivatives (h)                                        18                       18                       -                          -                          -
total contractual cash obligations                $12,706                   $2,852                  $2,223                     $1,599                     $6,032
(a)future payments on long-term debt encompass all payments related to aggregate debt maturities, excluding certain fair value adjustments included in long-term debt, as discussed further in note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements.
(b)future interest payments on long-term debt reflect the applicable interest rate in effect at december 30, 2023.
(c)inventory purchase commitments primarily consist of open purchase orders to purchase raw materials, components, and sourced products.
(d)in march 2015, the company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty which obligates the company to pay $350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. in november 2022, the company amended the settlement date to november 2024, or earlier at the company's option. see note j, capital stock, for further discussion.
(e)this amount principally represents contributions either required by regulations or laws or, with respect to unfunded plans, necessary to fund current benefits. the company has not presented estimated pension and post-retirement funding beyond 2024 as funding can vary significantly from year to year based upon changes in the fair value of the plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and curtailment/settlement actions.
(f)income tax liability for the one-time deemed repatriation tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits.
(g)supplier agreements with long-term minimum material purchase requirements and freight forwarding arrangements.
(h)future cash flows on derivative instruments reflect the fair value and accrued interest as of december 30, 2023. the ultimate cash flows on these instruments will differ, perhaps significantly, based on applicable market interest and foreign currency rates at their maturity.
to the extent the company can reliably determine when payments will occur, the related amounts will be included in the table above. however, due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows associated with the contingent consideration liability related to the craftsman acquisition and the unrecognized tax liabilities of $209 million and $546 million, respectively, at december 30, 2023, the company is unable to make a reliable estimate of when (if at all) these amounts may be paid. refer to note m, fair value measurements, and note q, income taxes, for further discussion.
payments of the above contractual and other obligations (with the exception of payments related to debt principal, the forward stock purchase contract, and tax obligations) will typically generate a cash tax benefit such that the net cash outflow will be lower than the gross amounts summarized above.
other significant commercial commitments:
amount of commitment expirations per period
(millions of dollars)                     total           2024                                          2025-2026               2027-2028                     thereafter u.s. lines of credit                      $4,000                         $1,500                      $2,500                     $-                            $-
short-term borrowings, long-term debt and lines of credit are explained in detail within note h, long-term debt and financing arrangements.
market risk market risk is the potential economic loss that may result from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments, currencies, commodities and other items traded in global markets. the company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, stock prices, bond prices and commodity prices, amongst others.
exposure to foreign currency risk results because the company, through its global businesses, enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. the company's predominant currency exposures are related to the euro, canadian dollar, british pound, australian dollar, brazilian real, chinese renminbi and the taiwan dollar. certain cross-currency trade flows arising from both trade and affiliate sales and purchases are consolidated and netted prior to obtaining risk protection through the use of various derivative financial instruments which may include: purchased basket options, purchased options, collars, cross-currency swaps and currency forwards. the company is thus able to capitalize on its global positioning by taking advantage of naturally offsetting exposures and portfolio efficiencies to reduce the cost of purchasing derivative protection. at times, the company also enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to reduce the earnings and cash flow impacts of non-functional currency denominated receivables and payables, primarily for affiliate transactions. gains and losses from these hedging instruments offset the gains or losses on the underlying net exposures. management determines the nature and extent of currency hedging activities, and in certain cases, may elect to allow certain currency exposures to remain un-hedged. the company may also enter into cross-currency swaps and forward contracts to hedge the net investments in certain subsidiaries and better match the cash flows of operations to debt service requirements. management estimates the foreign currency impact from its derivative financial instruments outstanding at the end of 2023 would have been an incremental pre-tax loss of approximately $19 million based on a hypothetical 10% adverse movement in all net derivative currency positions. the company follows risk management policies in executing derivative financial instrument transactions, and does not use such instruments for speculative purposes. the company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-u.s. dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries, but may choose to do so in certain instances in future periods.
as mentioned above, the company routinely has cross-border trade and affiliate flows that cause an impact on earnings from foreign exchange rate movements. the company is also exposed to currency fluctuation volatility from the translation of foreign earnings into u.s. dollars and the economic impact of foreign currency volatility on monetary assets held in foreign currencies. it is more difficult to quantify the transactional effects from currency fluctuations than the translational effects. aside from the use of derivative instruments, which may be used to mitigate some of the exposure, transactional effects can potentially be influenced by actions the company may take. for example, if an exposure occurs from a european entity sourcing product from a u.s. supplier it may be possible to change to a european supplier. management estimates the combined translational and transactional impact, on pre-tax earnings, of a 10% overall movement in exchange rates is approximately $217 million. in 2023, translational and transactional foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted pre-tax earnings from continuing operations by approximately $89 million.
the company's exposure to interest rate risk results from its outstanding debt and derivative obligations, short-term investments, and derivative financial instruments employed in the management of its debt portfolio. the debt portfolio including both trade and affiliate debt, is managed to achieve capital structure targets and reduce the overall cost of borrowing by leveraging, as appropriate, a combination of fixed and floating rate debt as well as interest rate swaps, and cross-currency swaps.
the company's primary exposure to interest rate risk comes from its commercial paper program in which the pricing is partially based on short-term u.s. interest rates. at december 30, 2023, the impact of a hypothetical 10% increase in the interest rates associated with the company's outstanding commercial paper borrowings would have been an incremental pre-tax loss of approximately $5 million.
the company has exposure to commodity prices in many businesses, particularly brass, nickel, resin, aluminum, copper, zinc, steel, and energy used in the production of finished goods. generally, commodity price exposures are not hedged with derivative financial instruments, but instead are actively managed through customer product and service pricing actions, procurement-driven cost reduction initiatives and other productivity improvement projects.
the company has $104.7 million of liabilities as of december 30, 2023 pertaining to unfunded defined contribution plans for certain u.s. employees for which there is mark-to-market exposure.
the assets held by the company's defined benefit plans are exposed to fluctuations in the market value of securities, primarily global stocks and fixed-income securities. the company employs diversified asset allocations to help mitigate this risk. the company's investment strategy for pension assets focuses on a liability-matching approach with gradual de-risking taking place over a period of many years to effectively manage portfolio risk. the company utilizes the current funded status to transition the portfolio toward investments that better match the duration and cash flow attributes of the underlying liabilities. in 2023, investment gains resulted in an increase of $144 million to pension plan assets. in 2022 and 2021, investment returns on pension plan assets resulted in a decrease of $560 million and an increase $81 million, respectively. the funded status percentage (total plan assets divided by total projected benefit obligation) of all global pension plans was 87% in 2023, 2022 and 2021. the company expects funding obligations on its defined benefit plans to be approximately $35 million in 2024. management has worked to minimize this exposure by freezing and terminating defined benefit plans where appropriate. refer to note l, employee benefit plans, for further discussion regarding the company's pension plans.
the company has access to financial resources and borrowing capabilities around the world. there are no instruments within the debt structure that would accelerate payment requirements solely due to a change in credit rating.
the company's existing credit facilities and sources of liquidity, including expected operating cash flows, are considered more than adequate to conduct business as normal. the company believes that its strong financial position, expected operating cash flows, committed long-term credit facilities and borrowing capacity, and ability to access equity markets, provide the financial flexibility necessary to continue its record of annual dividend payments, to invest in the routine needs of its businesses, and to fund other initiatives encompassed by its business strategy and maintain its strong investment grade credit ratings.
critical accounting estimates - preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are described in note a, significant accounting policies. management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters with inherent uncertainty. the most significant areas involving management estimates are described below. actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates.
goodwill and intangible assets - the company acquires businesses in purchase transactions that result in the recognition of goodwill and intangible assets. the determination of the value of intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions. in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 350-20, goodwill, acquired goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to impairment testing at least annually or when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not an impairment exists. goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying net assets of acquired businesses. at december 30, 2023, the company reported $7.996 billion of goodwill, $2.396 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and $1.553 billion of net definite-lived intangibles.
management tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit is an operating segment as defined in asc 280, segment reporting, or one level below an operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of component levels of an operating segment having similar economic characteristics. if the carrying value of a reporting unit (including the value of goodwill) is greater than its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded for the amount that the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeded its fair value.
as required by the company's policy, goodwill was tested for impairment in the third quarter of 2023. in accordance with accounting standards update ("asu") 2011-08, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350): testing goodwill for impairment, companies are permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. impairment tests are completed separately with respect to the goodwill of each of the company's reporting units. for its annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2023, the company applied a quantitative test for all of its reporting units using a discounted cash flow valuation model. based on the results of the company's annual impairment testing, it was determined that the fair value of each of its reporting units was in excess of its carrying amount.
as previously disclosed in the company's form 10-q for the third quarter of 2023, the fair value of the engineered fastening   reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 16%. in connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 30, 2023, the company performed an updated impairment analysis with respect to the engineered fastening reporting unit, which included approximately $2.020 billion of goodwill at year-end. the key assumptions applied to the updated cash flow projections for the engineered fastening reporting unit included a 10.0% discount rate, near-term revenue growth rates over the next six years, which represented a compound annual growth rate of approximately 5%, and a 3% perpetual growth rate. based on this analysis, it was determined that the fair value of the engineering fastening reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 22%. the increase in excess fair value is reflective of a slightly more favorable long-term outlook based on 2023 results and a lower carrying value driven by working capital reductions. management remains confident in the long-term viability and success of the engineered fastening reporting unit, particularly given its market position, growth prospects, such as automotive electrification and the aerospace market recovery, and geographies served.
as previously discussed, in december 2023, the company entered into an agreement to sell its infrastructure business. as a result, the company performed an impairment analysis with respect to the infrastructure reporting unit and recognized a $150.8 million pre-tax asset impairment charge to adjust the carrying amount of the long-lived asset group to its estimated fair value less selling costs. refer to note t, divestitures, for further discussion.
the company also tested its indefinite-lived trade names for impairment during the third quarter of 2023 utilizing a discounted cash flow model. the key assumptions used included discount rates, royalty rates, and perpetual growth rates applied to the projected sales. with the exception of the irwin and troy-bilt trade names discussed below, the company determined that the fair values of its indefinite-lived trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts.
during the third quarter of 2023, as a result of new leadership within the tools & outdoor segment, the company reviewed its brand portfolio resulting in a decision to shift prioritization and investment to its major brands, while leveraging certain of its specialty brands in a more focused manner. as a result of this shift in brand prioritization, the company recognized a $124.0 million pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge related to the irwin and troy-bilt trade names in the third quarter of 2023. subsequent to this impairment charge, the carrying value of the irwin and troy-bilt trade names totaled $113.0 million. the company intends to continue utilizing these trade names, which accounted for less than 5% of 2023 net sales for the tools & outdoor segment, indefinitely in more focused product categories and end markets.
in the event that future operating results of any of the company's reporting units or indefinite-lived trade names do not meet current expectations, management, based upon conditions at the time, would consider taking restructuring or other strategic actions, as necessary, to maximize revenue growth and profitability. a thorough analysis of all the facts and circumstances existing at that time would need to be performed to determine if recording an impairment loss would be appropriate.
defined benefit obligations - the valuation of pension and other postretirement benefits costs and obligations is dependent on various assumptions. these assumptions, which are updated annually, include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, future salary increase rates, and health care cost trend rates. the company considers current market conditions, including interest rates, to establish these assumptions. discount rates are developed considering the yields available on high-quality fixed income investments with maturities corresponding to the duration of the related benefit obligations. the company's weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at december 30, 2023 for the united states and international pension plans were 5.04% and 4.43%, respectively. the company's weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at december 31, 2022 for the united states and international pension plans were 5.36% and 4.70%, respectively. as discussed further in note l, employee benefit plans, the company develops the expected return on plan assets considering various factors, which include its targeted asset allocation percentages, historic returns, and expected future returns. the company's expected rate of return assumptions for the united states and international pension plans were 6.70% and 5.29%, respectively, at december 30, 2023. the company will use a 5.99% weighted-average expected rate of return assumption to determine the 2024 net periodic benefit cost. a 25 basis point reduction in the expected rate of return assumption would increase 2024 net periodic benefit cost by approximately $4 million on a pre-tax basis.
the company believes that the assumptions used are appropriate; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect the company's financial position or results of operations. to the extent that actual (newly measured) results differ from the actuarial assumptions, the difference is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, and, if in excess of a specified corridor, amortized over future periods. the expected return on plan assets is determined using the expected rate of return and the fair value of plan assets. accordingly, market fluctuations in the fair value of plan assets can affect the net periodic benefit cost in the following year. the projected benefit obligation for defined benefit plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets by $314 million at december 30, 2023. a 25 basis point reduction in the discount rate would have increased the projected benefit obligation by approximately $53 million at december 30, 2023. the primary black & decker u.s. pension and post-employment benefit plans were curtailed in late 2010, as well as the only material black & decker international plan, and in their place the company implemented defined contribution benefit plans. the vast majority of the projected benefit obligation pertains to plans that have been frozen; the remaining defined benefit plans that are not frozen are predominantly small domestic union plans and those that are statutorily mandated in certain international jurisdictions. the company recognized approximately $29 million of defined benefit plan expense in 2023, which may fluctuate in future years depending upon various factors including future discount rates and actual returns on plan assets.
additional information regarding the company's pension plans is available in note l, employee benefit plans.
environmental - the company incurs costs related to environmental issues as a result of various laws and regulations governing current operations as well as the remediation of previously contaminated sites. the company's policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. the amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. the liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. as assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available.
as of december 30, 2023, the company had reserves of $125 million for remediation activities associated with company-owned properties as well as for superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. as of december 30, 2023, the range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is $80 million to $227 million which is subject to change in the near term. the company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with this policy.
additional information regarding environmental matters is available in note s, contingencies.
income taxes - the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. any changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
the company records net deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. in making this determination, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing temporary differences, estimates of future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards. in the event that it is determined that an asset is not more likely than not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded against the asset. valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. in the event the company were to determine that it would not be able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, the unrealizable amount would be charged to earnings in the period in which that determination is made. conversely, if the company were to determine that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, it would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a favorable adjustment to earnings in the period that the determination was made.
the company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with asc 740, which requires a two-step process. first, management determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and second, for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, management recognizes the largest amount of the tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related taxing authority. the company maintains an accounting policy of recording interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations.
the company is subject to income tax in a number of locations, including u.s. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required when calculating the worldwide provision for income taxes. many factors are considered when evaluating and estimating the company's tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. it is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to certain of the company's unrecognized tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. these changes may be the result of settlements of ongoing audits, litigation, or other proceedings with taxing authorities. the company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most current available information, which involves inherent uncertainty.
additional information regarding income taxes is available in note q, income taxes.
cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this document contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. all statements other than statements of historical fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections or guidance of earnings, revenue, profitability or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements relating to initiatives concerning environmental, social and governance ("esg") matters, including environmental sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words "may," "will," "estimate," "intend," "could," "project," "plan," "continue," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "run-rate," "annualized," "forecast," "commit," "goal," "target," "design," "on-track," "position or positioning," "guidance" or any other similar words.
although the company believes that the expectations reflected in any of its forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of its forward-looking statements. the company's future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in the company's filings with the securities and exchange commission.
important factors that could cause the company's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in its forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (i) successfully developing, marketing and achieving sales from new products and services and the continued acceptance of current products and services; (ii) macroeconomic factors, including global and regional business conditions, commodity prices, inflation and deflation, interest rate volatility, currency exchange rates, and uncertainties in the global financial markets related to the recent failures of several financial institutions; (iii) laws, regulations and governmental policies affecting the company's activities in the countries where it does business, including those related to tariffs, taxation, data privacy, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, government contracts and trade controls such as section 301 tariffs and section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs; (iv) the economic, political, cultural and legal environment in europe and the emerging markets in which the company generates sales, particularly latin america and china; (v) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or divestitures; (vi) pricing pressure and other changes within competitive markets; (vii) availability and price of raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods; (viii) the impact that the tightened credit markets may have on the company or its customers or suppliers; (ix) the extent to which the company has to write off accounts receivable, inventory or other assets or experiences supply chain disruptions in connection with bankruptcy filings by customers or suppliers; (x) the company's ability to identify and effectively execute productivity improvements and cost reductions; (xi) potential business, supply chain and distribution disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, natural disasters, pandemics, sanctions, political unrest, war or terrorism, including the conflicts between russia and ukraine, and israel and hamas and tensions or conflicts in south korea, china and taiwan; (xii) the continued consolidation of customers, particularly in consumer channels, and the company's continued reliance on significant customers; (xiii) managing franchisee relationships; (xiv) the impact of poor weather conditions and climate change and risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as the company's ability to successfully adopt new technology, meet market-driven demands for carbon neutral and renewable energy technology, or to comply with more stringent and increasingly complex environmental regulations or requirements for its manufacturing facilities and business operations; (xv) failure to meet esg expectations or standards, or achieve its esg goals; (xvi) maintaining or improving production rates in the company's manufacturing facilities, responding to significant changes in customer preferences, product demand and fulfilling demand for new and existing products, and learning, adapting and integrating new technologies into products, services and processes; (xvii) changes in the competitive landscape in the company's markets; (xviii) the company's non-u.s. operations, including sales to non-u.s. customers; (xix) the impact from demand changes within world-wide markets associated with homebuilding and remodeling; (xx) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (xxi) the incurrence of debt and changes in the company's ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates; (xxii) substantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; (xxiii) potential regulatory liabilities, including environmental, privacy, data breach, workers compensation and product liabilities; (xxiv) attracting, developing and retaining senior management and other key employees, managing a workforce in many jurisdictions, labor shortages, work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (xxv) the company's ability to keep abreast with the pace of technological change; (xxvi) changes in accounting estimates; (xxvii) the company's ability to protect its intellectual property rights and to maintain its public reputation and the strength of its brands; and (xxviii) the company's ability to implement, and achieve the expected benefits (including cost savings and reduction in working capital) from, its global cost reduction program including: continuing to advance innovation, electrification and global market penetration to achieve organic revenue growth of 2-3 times the market; streamlining and simplifying the organization, and investing in initiatives that more directly impact the company's customers and end users; returning adjusted gross margins to historical 35%+ levels by accelerating the supply chain transformation to leverage strategic sourcing, drive operational excellence, consolidate facilities, optimize the distribution network and reduce complexity of the product portfolio; improving fill rates and matching inventory with customer demand; prioritizing cash flow generation and inventory optimization; executing the sbd operating model to deliver operational excellence through efficiency, simplified organizational design; and reducing complexity through platforming products and implementing initiatives to drive a sku reduction.
additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are set forth in this annual report on form 10-k, including under the headings "risk factors," and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes.
forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents that are incorporated by reference herein speak only as of the date of those documents. the company does not undertake any obligation or intention to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events or circumstances, new information or otherwise, except as required by law. any standards of measurement and performance made in reference to the company's esg and other sustainability plans and goals are developing and based on assumptions that continue to evolve, and no assurance can be given that any such plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect can or will be achieved. the inclusion of information related to esg goals and initiatives is not an indication that such information is material under the standards of the securities and exchange commission.
